> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thinkforex.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140406145002id_/http%3A//www.thinkforex.com/why-thinkforex/regulation/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Our Privacy Policy | ThinkForex

At ThinkForex, protecting the privacy and safeguarding the personal and financial information of our clients and website visitors is one of our highest priorities. ThinkForex employs leading security software, systems, and procedures to offer our clients a safe and secure trading environment, while protecting your personal, financial, and trading information. The following statement explains how ThinkForex collects and protects your information. By opening a ThinkForex account or by using ThinkForex.com and its related website(s), you give your consent to the collection of personal information by ThinkForex as outlined in this privacy statement.

## The Collection of Personal Information

ThinkForex collections information required to open an account, transact business effectively, and to safeguard your privacy. To do this, ThinkForex gathers information to help us assess your needs and gauge your preferences. The information ThinkForex collects directly from you is required to communicate with you, including your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address; and as required by law, valid credentials to verify your identity such as a passport, government issued ID, and address verification documents. ThinkForex also collects demographic information that our clients supply upon initiating a ThinkForex account including gender, date of birth, level of education, and occupation, among others.

You voluntarily provide ThinkForex with the majority of the information that we collect whenever you complete an account application with the related documentation, place a trade, send ThinkForex an email, or submit information in response to a promotion/special offer. Other ways ThinkForex obtains information is by (1) observing your usage of ThinkForex.com, and (2) providing products and services to you. This information enables ThinkForex to offer you products and services that should be of interest to you. The information ThinkForex collects indirectly from our clients includes your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, Internet Service Provider (ISP), time stamps, transactions placed, and banner ads you may click. ThinkForex does this through the use of cookies, which are small text files sent from the web server to your computer. Cookies help ThinkForex to get to know you better by providing operational data ThinkForex used to aid in your interaction with ThinkForex.com, by improving navigation and usability. Additionally, to administer and improve ThinkForex.com, we may also use a third party to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information such as page requests, form requests, and click paths. The third party may use cookies to track behavior and may set cookies on behalf of ThinkForex.com. These cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information.

* * *

### The Usage of Your Personal Information

ThinkForex only uses your personal information appropriately to provide you with quality service and security. When you open an account with ThinkForex, you are issued a unique account number, User ID and password. There are only a limited number of ThinkForex employees who have a need to know your account information, and we urge that you not disclose this information. Should you close your ThinkForex account, we will retain your information, but only use it comply with regulatory requirements, and to periodically contact you to offer you the opportunity to reactivate your account or to participate in other valuable offers. ThinkForex does not sell, license, lease or otherwise disclose your personal information to any third-party, for any reason, except as already expressed.

* * *

#### Re-targeting

Google, a third-party vendor, makes use of cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to this website. Ads for this website will be displayed to users on third-party websites when the users are included in the retargeting audience. For more information on Google's use of cookies for this purpose and how it may affect your privacy, or to opt out of receiving cookies from Google, please visit: [http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/.](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/)

##### Opt-Out Information

You have the right to request a copy of the data that ThinkForex collects about you, and to have any inaccurate data about you corrected. For assistance, please contact our [Compliance](mailto:compliance@thinkforex.com) department. You are not necessarily required to supply any of the personal information that ThinkForex may request; however, failure to do so may result in ThinkForex not being able to open or maintain your client account.

You may opt-out of promotional emails from ThinkForex by contacting the [Compliance](mailto:compliance@thinkforex.com) department with your opt-out request, and your email address will then be removed from future promotional emails. ThinkForex may also provide a third-party with client information from our internal database to help us to analyze and identify client needs, and to notify our clients of product and service offerings. Use of the information shared is strictly limited to the performance of the task requested, and for no other purpose. All third parties with which we share personal information are required to protect personal information in a manner similar to the way ThinkForex protects personal information. You may direct ThinkForex not to disclose non-public personal information to certain non-affiliated third parties by contacting a client service representative. An opt-out election made by one account holder of a joint account is applicable to all of the account holders, but opt-out elections must be made for each account that you hold with ThinkForex.

ThinkForex may share ThinkForex.com usage information about our website visitors to reputable advertising companies to target our internet banner advertisements on ThinkForex.com and other sites. For this purpose, pixel tags (also called clear gifs or web beacons) may be used to note the pages you have visited, and the information collected by the advertising company through the use of these pixel tags is not personally identifiable.

ThinkForex is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of sites that ThinkForex.com may link to, and therefore, have no control over the use or protection of information provided by you or collected by those sites. Whenever you elect to link to a co-branded or linked website, you may be asked to provide registration or other information. Please note that the information you are providing is going to a third party and you should familiarize yourself with the privacy policy provided by therein.

If ThinkForex proposes to share information in a manner not covered in this Privacy Statement, we will notify you of this change by posting an addendum on ThinkForex.com as a notice in the "About Us" section, and if appropriate, provide you an opportunity to opt out of such use. You agree to accept posting of a revised Privacy Statement electronically on ThinkForex.com as actual notice to you. Any dispute over our Privacy Statement is subject to this notice and the ThinkForex [Terms of Business](http://www.thinkforex.com/why-thinkforex/regulation/legal). If you still have questions that this statement does not address, feel free to contact a client services representative.
