> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thingcharger.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161014105059id_/http%3A//www.thingcharger.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – thingCHARGER

[](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/ThingCharger/validation?rid=cdb941d2-59c7-4761-9667-b952a60b5290 "TRUSTe Privacy Certification")

### thingCHARGER.com Privacy Policy

Effective Date: May 28th, 2015 The following Privacy Policy governs the online information collection practices of thingCHARGER.com (“we” or “us”) owned and operated by thingCHARGER Inc. Specifically, it outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using the **thingCHARGER.com** website (the “Site”), and the ways in which we use this information. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of, your access to, and how to update and correct your personal information. This Privacy Policy, including our children’s privacy statement, does not apply to any information you may provide to us or that we may collect offline and/or through other means (for example, at a live event, via telephone, or through the mail). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By visiting and using the Site, you agree that your use of our Site, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Policy. Because the Web is an evolving medium, we may need to change our Privacy Policy at some point in the future, in which case we’ll post the changes to this Privacy Policy on this website and update the Effective Date of the policy to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website www.thingCHARGER.com. In order to view our relationship with TRUSTe please visit the validation page visible by clicking on the TRUSTe seal. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact TRUSTe at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. **How We Collect and Use Information** We may collect and store personal or other information that you voluntarily supply to us online while using the Site (e.g., while on the Site or in responding via email to a feature provided on the Site). thingCHARGER.com only contacts individuals who specifically request that we do so or in the event that they have signed up to receive our free newsletters or have purchased one of our products. thingCHARGER.com collects personally identifying information from our users during online registration and online purchasing. Generally, this information includes name and e-mail address for registration to receive our free newsletters and name, postal address, and credit card information when purchasing our products. All of this information is provided to us by you. We thingCHARGER.com and our marketing partners, affiliates, analytics or online customer support provider, use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts, to analyze trends, administer the website, tracking users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis. We use cookies for our shopping cart, to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference), and for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve site functionality for for use with specific browsers and devices. We use Local Shared Objects, such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking [here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. We use the information we collect from you while you are using the Site in a variety of ways, including using the information to customize features and advertising that appear on the Site. We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We also may provide your information to third parties, such as service providers and contractors for a variety of purposes. Unless you inform us in accordance with the process described below, we reserve the right to use, and to disclose to third parties, all of the information collected from and about you while you are using the Site in any way and for any purpose, such as to enable us or a third party to provide you with information about products and services. If you do not wish your information to be used for these purposes, you must send a letter to the Online Privacy Coordinator whose address is listed at the end of this Privacy Policy requesting to be taken off any lists of information that may be used for these purposes or that may be given or sold to third-parties. Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information available for viewing by third parties online – for example on message boards, web logs, through email, or in chat areas – that information can be seen, collected and used by others besides us. We cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information. The Site also includes links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another website or purchase third-party products or services through the Site, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services. We may also make some content, products and services available through our Site through cooperative relationships with third-party providers, where the brands of our provider partner appear on the Site in connection with such content, products and/or services. We may share with our provider partner any information you provide, or that is collected, in the course of visiting any pages that are made available in cooperation with our provider partner. In some cases, the provider partner may collect information from you directly, in which cases the privacy policy of our provider partner may apply to the provider partner’s use of your information. The privacy policy of our provider partners may differ from ours. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of one of our provider partners, you should contact the provider partner directly for more information. Be aware that we may occasionally release information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, or to protect the rights, property or safety of users of the Site or the public. Please also note that as our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets, or one or more of our websites is acquired by another company, information about our users may be among the transferred assets. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information. We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent. **User Access and Choice** If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, or ask to have it removed from our site by emailing our Customer Support at supporters@thingcharger.com or by contacting us by postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. **Children’s Privacy Statement** This children’s privacy statement explains our practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of thirteen, and provides important information regarding their rights under federal law with respect to such information. 

  * This Site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site. We screen users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of thirteen from providing such information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site.
  * Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we also do NOT knowingly distribute such information to third parties.
  * We do NOT knowingly allow children under the age of thirteen to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information through the Site.
  * Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we do NOT condition the participation of a child under thirteen in the Site’s online activities on providing personally identifiable information.



**How do we store your information?** Your information is stored at the list server that delivers thingCHARGER.com content and messaging. Your information can only be accessed by those who help manage those lists in order to deliver e-mail to those who would like to receive thingCHARGER.com material. All of the messaging or emails that are sent to you by thingCHARGER.com include an ‘Unsubscribe’ or ‘Profile’ link in them. You can remove yourself at any time from our newsletters or mailing list by clicking on the Unsubscribe or Profile link that can be found in every communication that we send you or you can contact us at info@thingcharger.com… **Security** The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at supporters@thingcharger.com. **Social Media Widgets** Our website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button, and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our website. These Features may collect your Internet protocol address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it. **Frames** Some of our pages utilize framing techniques to serve content to/from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our website. Please be aware that you are providing your personal information to these third parties and not to thingCHARGER.com. **Third Party E-Commerce Solutions Provider** Our shopping cart is hosted by celery provider. They host our ordering system, and collect your billing information directly from you for the purpose of processing your order. This company does not use this information for any other purpose. **PayPal** If you choose to use PayPal to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number, directly to PayPal. PayPal’s Privacy Statement will apply to the information you provide on the PayPal website. **Testimonials** We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our website in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at supporters@thingcharger.com. **Referrals** If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. thingCHARGER Inc stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email (and tracking the success of our referral program). Your friend may contact us at info@thingcharger.com to request that we remove this information from our database.   If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy please direct them to: thingCHARGER, Inc. 1 Grandview Avenue Cornwall on Hudson NY 12520 info@thingcharger.com 

[](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/ThingCharger/validation?rid=cdb941d2-59c7-4761-9667-b952a60b5290 "TRUSTe Privacy Certification")
