> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thinkcash.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629121441id_/https%3A//www.plaingreenloans.com/faq/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy: Plain Green Loans

As part of our credit underwriting and information collection process, we will consider bank account information provided by you and we may detect additional bank accounts under your ownership. We also may collect and consider information about you from non-credit reporting agency data providers, including, for example, information about your location and the location of your mobile devices, and publicly available information about you.

**Updating your information:** If you need to update the personal information you have given us, log in to your account at [www.PlainGreenLoans.com](http://www.plaingreenloans.com/) and click on the "Update my information" link or call (866) 420-7157 to speak to an account representative.

**"Do not track":** When someone visits the Plain Green website, a cookie is placed on the visitor's computer (if the visitor accepts cookies). The cookie we place on your computer does not contain any of your personally identifiable information. Plain Green advertises its products and services on websites that you may visit, and Plain Green uses service providers to place such advertisements. Those service providers (such as Google, Microsoft or Yahoo) may use cookies placed on your computer to show you advertisements for Plain Green services on other websites. You can opt-out from service providers' and/or marketers' use of cookies in this manner by visiting each service provider's advertising opt-out page or by utilizing "do not track" functionality in your web browser. If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the Plain Green website, you will not be able to subscribe to the service offerings on the Plain Green website.

**Changes to this privacy policy:** If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you via email and post the updated privacy policy on the Plain Green website. Please take note of the "Effective Date" at the top of this privacy policy.
