> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thirtyonegifts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121204191701id_/http%3A//www.thirtyonegifts.com/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Thirty-One Gifts | Thirty-One Catalog Purses Totes Bags

Thirty-One Gifts, LLC (the "Company") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy provides information on the manner in which your personal information is processed and used on this website. The Company uses your personal information only in ways that are consistent with this Privacy Policy.

**Scope.** This Privacy Policy covers all of www.thirtyonegifts.com, www.mythirtyone.com and www.thirtyoneconference.com (the "Site"). It does not, however, apply to entities that the Company does not own or control, such as Thirty-One Gifts Consultants. By using or accessing this Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collected.** The Company recognizes your right to confidentiality and is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information that we collect from the Site to provide to you a superior shopping experience and to communicate with you about products, services, and promotions. If you are interested in becoming a Thirty-One Gifts Consultants we may collect your name, address, email address and telephone number. The Company uses this information to process your request to become a Consultant and to communicate with you regarding other information that we think may be interesting to you. If you place and order on www.thirtyonegifts.com, we also may collect your credit card information, and other information relevant to your order. The Company uses this information for processing orders, internal record keeping, to improve products and services, and to communicate with you regarding promotional offers, new products, and other information that we think may be interesting to you.

**Information Automatically Collected.** We automatically receive certain types of information whenever you visit our Site. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies" to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Site. We use this information for analytical purposes and to monitor the usage and performance of our Site, to enhance our customers' search and shopping experiences, and to determine aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns. Aggregate information is information that describes usage patterns and other demographics of site visitors as a group but does not reveal your identity.

**Other Information You Provide.** We collect additional information that you provide to us. For example, you provide information to us when you complete surveys or contest entry forms, sign up for special discounts or coupons, communicate with us by email, telephone or otherwise, provide product reviews, or provide alternate delivery addresses.

**Account Information.** When you place an order with the Company through the Site, you may need to provide information such as your name, email address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. We will process orders based on the information that you provide to us.

**Security.** We are committed to assuring that your information is secure. In order to help prevent unauthorized access or disclosure of personal information, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. When you place an order online, your personal information and credit card or debit card information are encrypted using SSL encryption technology before being sent over the Internet. We use SSL technology to prevent your information from being stolen or intercepted while being transferred to us.

**Cookies.** To personalize and enhance your browsing and shopping experience, we use a feature on your Internet browser called a cookie. Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies for analytical purposes. Cookies also let us know how you found us (e.g., through a particular web site or advertisement). Cookies are not used to access information entered on the secure server. This information can be accessed only when you enter your name and password.

**Links to Other Websites.** Our Site may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our Site, we do not have any control over other websites. Therefore, we are not responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide to other websites, and such websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website that you are using.

**Unsolicited Email (SPAM).** Your privacy is very important to us. Be assured that, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, we do not share, sell, or distribute our customer list or any personally identifiable information collected from this Site to third parties. You should be aware, however, that unscrupulous marketers can sometimes "harvest" your email address directly from your computer or another person's address book or even obtain your email address through programs that automatically search web pages and email traffic for email addresses.

**Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties.** We will not share, sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.

**Your Consent.** By using our Site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

**Children.** We do not sell products for purchase by children. This Site is directed to adults and is not directed to children under the age of 18. The Company complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and does not permit registration by and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 must get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before making purchases on this Site. If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Site, if any, then they may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so. If you are under the age of 18, then you may use our Site only with the consent of a parent or guardian.

**Inaccurate Information.** If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, then please email or write to us as soon as possible.

**Report Violations.** You should report any security violations or violations to this Privacy Policy to us as soon as possible. 

**Modifications or Changes to Privacy Policy.** We reserve the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we ever change our Privacy Policy, then we will post any changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information that we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Unless we clearly state otherwise, the changes to our Privacy Policy will affect only the information we collect after the effective date of the change.
