> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thissillygirlslife.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150610013900id_/http%3A//thissillygirlslife.com/disclosure) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure & Privacy Policy - This Silly Girl's Life

Disclosure:

This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.

The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

The owner(s) of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of this blog receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the bloggers’ own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

To get your own policy, go to http://www.disclosurepolicy.org

Privacy Policy:

We do not share personal information with third-parties nor do we store information we collect about your visit to this blog for use other than to analyze content performance through the use of cookies, which you can turn off at anytime by modifying your Internet browser’s settings. We are not responsible for the republishing of the content found on this blog on other Web sites or media without our permission. This privacy policy is subject to change without notice.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.

This policy is valid as of August 14th 2013.
    
    
    We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit 
    our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your 
    name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and 
    other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of 
    interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to 
    know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, 
    please see: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>
