> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 181.fm privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100621124633id_/http%3A//www.181.fm/%3Fp%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 181.FM - Your Lifestyle... Your Music! ~ Free Internet Radio ~

**181 dot FM has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.**

• **Information Automatically Logged**  
We use your IP address to help determine our aggregate user levels, diagnose problems with our servers or ban offensive users, and to generally administer this Web site. 

• **Cookies**  
This site uses cookies to limit display of the same ad repeatedly, and to deliver content specific to your interests. We may also use cookies to confirm our aggregate user levels. 

• **Advertisers**  
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click [here](http://networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp). 

• **Advertisers (Privacy Policy)**  
Tacoda: <http://www.tacoda.com/notice/privacy_policy.html>

• **Surveys, Contests, Email, and Registrations**  
Our site's forms require users to give us contact information such as name and email address, and occasionally demographic information such as zip code, or age. 

Contact information from these forms or incoming email is used to contact site registrants, contest winners or reply to incoming email inquiries. 181.FM will not sell, submit, or furnish your name or email address to any outside party without your permission, nor will we place you on any kind of mailing list. 

Basic demographic information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis. We use this data to tailor your experience at our site by featuring content that we believe you may be interested in, and displaying the content according to majority preferences. 

• **External Links**  
This site contains links to other sites. 181 dot FM is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites and these links are provided for convenience only. 

• **Public Forums**  
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. 

• **Data Quality/Access**  
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided: 

privacy at 181 dot fm 
