> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the koodos.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-09-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160912222054id_/https%3A//www.theoutnet.com/en-US/Help/PrivacyPolicy%3Fcm_sp%3DFooterLink-_-HelpPrivacyPolicy-_-FooterLink) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Help | US | THE OUTNET

* Whenever you give us your personal information we will use it in accordance with applicable privacy laws and for the purposes set out in this policy, on the data entry forms you complete, in any relevant terms and conditions and on pages or emails which link to the data entry forms.

**When you use our services** : If you use any of our services, register for or attend one of our events, set up, look at or change your account details or contact your personal shopper or a member of our Ccustomer Ccare team, we will record your personal details. Your information will be used in the first place to provide the products, services or information you have asked for and to provide you with a personalized shopping experience. We keep the information you provide and may use it for several purposes, including: (i) accounting, billing, reporting and audit; (ii) credit checking or screening; (iii) authentication and identity checks; (iv) credit, debit or other payment card verification and screening; (v) debt collection; (vi) safety, security, health, training, administrative and legal purposes; (vii) data matching and dedupe, statistical and market analysis, and marketing information; (viii) advertising and marketing for us, our Group and third parties; (ix) developing, testing and maintaining systems; (x) studies, research and development; (xi) customer surveys; (xii) customer care and to help us in any future dealings with you, for example by identifying your requirements and preferences; (xiii) where required by law or in connection with legal proceeding or disputes; and (iv) any other uses set out in the terms and conditions for use of our services. For these purposes we may disclose your information to one or more of the other organisations listed in the section called "who we will share your personal information with".

Saved payment card details will only be shared with our payment partner and not with any other third parties and will only be used to process your order, using our payment partner's systems. 

We may also use your personal information to send you marketing updates, as detailed in the next section.

**Tracking how our online services are used:** We collect, and use third parties to collect and share with us, information from lots of visitors to our online services and analyse it to build up a picture of how people use our websites. This helps us improve the services we offer. We may also give anonymous statistics about visitors to other, reputable organisations, but the information we provide will not include details that would allow these organisations to identify you. For more information on our use of cookies, please read our [cookie policy](https://web.archive.org/en-US/Help/CookiePolicy). 

**Customization of our online services and advert targeting:** We may use the information you give us about yourself , and the information we collect via cookies when you use our online services to build up a picture of your interests. We may then use this information to try to make sure that when we send you marketing communications and when you visit our websites or use our online services, you don't miss offers and information that might interest you. This information may also be used by our third party advertising agencies and networks, to advertise our own or third party products and services to you when you visit third party websites and online services. This is called advert targeting or interest-based advertising. For more information on how to reject targeted advertising or interest-based advertising cookies please read our [cookie policy](https://web.archive.org/en-US/Help/CookiePolicy). 

**Testimonials:** If you give us feedback, we may use it to improve our services and we may publish it online or offline to promote our business and our services. We will ask for your permission before we publish it.

**Comments and reviews submitted to our online services:** If you wish to submit a comment or feedback on a blog or article featured on our services, we may (but are not obliged to) publish your comment online or offline to promote our business and our services. We will collect your name or username which will be displayed next to your comment, and e-mail address, which will not be published, but which we may use to contact you in relation to your comment.

**Mobile services:** When you request our mobile services, we may keep your mobile phone number, the make and model of your phone, the operating system used by your phone and details of your network operator, and we will link a unique identifier to your mobile phone number. We'll store your device language, app language, country, We need this information in order to provide the features and services enabled through our mobile services and to administer the our mobile service ?. Our Givenchy mobile services use your location to show your closest Givenchy store. We may also use it for SMS or voice marketing and market research. 

**Social networks:** If you follow us or interact with us on any of our pages on third party social media platforms, such as Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Google+, information you provide will be subject to the third party's privacy policy, as well as this privacy policy.

**Direct marketing:** For information on how we may market to you?, please read the section called "marketing opt-in and opt-out provisions".

**Customer surveys:** Every now and again, we may ask you for your opinion on our services and the products you have purchased through our services. When we do research or surveys, we may use cookies and may combine the information collected by those cookies with your answers. 
