> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rsps-list.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170625221423id_/http%3A//www.rsps-list.com/page/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - RSPS List - RuneScape Private Servers

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which RSPS LIST collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the <http://www.rsps-list.com/> website ("Site").

#### Personal identification information

We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, fill out a form, respond to a survey, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.

#### Non-personal identification information

We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.

#### How we use collected information

RSPS LIST may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:

  * **To run and operate our Site** \- We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
  * **To improve customer service** \- Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
  * **To personalize user experience** \- We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
  * **To improve our Site** \- We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
  * **To run a promotion** \- Contest, survey or other Site feature.
  * **To send Users information** \- If they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
  * **To send periodic emails** \- We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.



* * *

#### Our cookie policy

In compliance with the European Union legislation, we inform you that our website RSPS-List.com will store some information about your preferences how the website looks and operates on your own computer inside a tiny file called a 'cookie'.

A cookie is a small piece of data that a website asks your browser to store on your computer or mobile device. The cookie allows the website to "remember" your actions or preferences over time.

You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.

Most browsers support cookies, but users can set their browsers to decline them and can delete them whenever they like. A third-party website called [aboutcookies.org](http://aboutcookies.org/) has been setup to help you with instructions how you can do that on various browsers.

We use cookies to:

> * Forgot your password  
>  * Validate your vote and prevent double-voting  
>  * Remember your custom display and logged in preferences  
>  * Identify you as a returning user and to count your visits in our traffic statistics analysis

Enabling cookies from RSPS-List.com is not strictly necessary for the website to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience.

The cookie-related information is not used to identify you personally and the pattern data is fully under our control. These cookies are not used for any purpose other than those described here.

There may also be other types of cookies created after you've visited our website.

We use Google Analytics, a popular web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyse how users use the site. It counts the number of visitors and tells us things about their behaviour overall - such as the typical length of stay on the site or the average number of pages a user views. 

The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. 

Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google undertakes not to associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

* * *

#### How we protect your information

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.

#### Sharing your personal information

We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.

#### Electronic newsletters

If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.

#### Third party websites

Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licencors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.

#### Advertising

Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

#### Google Adsense

Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html

#### Changes to this privacy policy

RSPS LIST has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

#### Your acceptance of these terms

By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

#### Contacting us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, [please contact us](http://www.rsps-list.com/page/contact/).
    
    
    This document was last updated on September 30, 2015
