> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the crimereports.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140520082406id_/https%3A//www.crimereports.com/footer/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# None

_This policy is effective as of October 11, 2010_

This Privacy Policy governs all PublicEngines Services, as defined in the PublicEngines' Terms of Use, available at [ https://www.crimereports.com/home/terms](https://web.archive.org/home/terms). PublicEngines, Inc. respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting it. We recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of the personal information we learn about you while you visit or use our PublicEngines Services. This Privacy Policy lets you know how we use and protect that information. The information that we receive depends on what you do during your visit, what information you provide, and what service(s) you request. **YOUR USE OF THE PUBLIC ENGINES SERVICES SIGNIFIES YOUR CONSENT TO OUR PROCESSING OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE PUBLIC ENGINES SERVICES.**

YOU AGREE THAT PUBLIC ENGINES MAY SHARE ANY AND ALL INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATIONS PUBLIC ENGINES COLLECTS FROM YOU IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE PUBLIC ENGINES SERVICES (OTHER THAN YOUR PASSWORD) WITH PARTICIPATING LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES AND/OR PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICIALS FOR THE PURPOSES OF FACILITATING CITIZEN DIALOG, INFORMATION EXCHANGE, RESPONDING TO EMERGENCIES, AND OTHER OFFICIAL USES, AND YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO SUCH DISCLOSURES. IF YOU DO NOT WANT PUBLIC ENGINES TO DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED ABOVE, PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY PUBLIC ENGINES SERVICES.

  1. **Information PublicEngines Gathers and Tracks**. PublicEngines collects two kinds of information about visitors: 



a. **Personal Information**. When you register for an account, voluntarily provide health information, request a service or information, place an order, submit feedback, post information onto your public profile, or participate in a forum or survey, we may need to ask you for personal information such as your name, address, email address and telephone number, along with other information you may wish to provide for effective use of the PublicEngines Services (' _User Information_ '). 

b. **Non-Identifying Information**. We may also collect certain indirect and/or aggregate information as a result of your use of, and interaction with, the PublicEngines Services (' _Usage Information_ '). We may also use certain standard web measurement and tracking technologies such as 'cookies,' web server logs, or other statistics programs to collect Usage Information and track and record how you use the PublicEngines Services. This data is anonymous and does not personally identify you. Usage Information helps us measure the success of the PublicEngines Services and its features or pages and to improve your online experience. Your browser may have an option that allows you to accept cookies, reject cookies, or receive notification when a cookie is sent, but you should note that the use of such restrictive browser settings may limit your use or the convenience of the PublicEngines Services. We do not use spyware, adware or any other similarly intrusive software. We may create anonymous Information records from User Information by excluding information (such as your name and email address) that make the data personally identifiable to you (' _Anonymous Information_ '). PublicEngines reserves the right to use and disclose Usage Information and Anonymous Information to third parties in its sole discretion. Collectively, Usage Information, Anonymous Information and User Information are referred to in this Privacy Policy as ' _Information_.' 

c. **Tip Service.** For PublicEngines' anonymous tip submission services, PublicEngines uses industry standard encryption and delivery routines to provide security and anonymity of the information being submitted. Unless you expressly provide it, no identifying information is collected or recorded by PublicEngines through this online submission transaction.

  2. **How We Use Your Information.** By providing your Information to us, you consent to our use of your Information in the following ways as applicable: 



· to provide you the PublicEngines Services;

· to provide information that you request; 

· to create your account;

· to allow you to join a group;

· to indicate to other users that you are registered with certain groups and/or have completed various activities;

· to share with law enforcement agencies and/or public safety officials for the purposes of facilitating citizen dialog, information exchange, responding to emergencies, and other official uses

· to share with service providers as necessary to provide the services you request;

· to combine with or enhance information provided by third parties for marketing purposes;

· to contact you, respond to your inquiries, and send you information; 

· to notify you of services that we believe may be of interest to you;

· to analyze, manage and improve the PublicEngines Services; 

· to notify you of important new changes to the PublicEngines Services;

· to help us diagnose problems with our server or other technical issues relating to the performance of the PublicEngines Services; or

· for other purposes required for compliance  with applicable laws.

  3. **Security**. We use commercially reasonable security procedures to protect the information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. However, your email transmissions and/or other communications containing User Information may be unlawfully intercepted or accessed by third parties and/or the PublicEngines Services may be subject to hostile network attacks or administrative errors. We cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information transmitted over the Internet. Even after we receive your User Information, we cannot guarantee that your User Information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed as a result of a breach of our commercially reasonable efforts or as a result of any other event beyond our reasonable control. Accordingly, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Information is completely secure and safe from such risks. **For the avoidance of doubt, WE expressly disclaim any representation or warranty, whether express or implied, with respect to ensuring, guaranteeing or otherwise offering any definitive promise of security in connection with your user Information or Usage Information.**


  4. **Privacy Protections for Children.** The PublicEngines Services are not directed at children. Therefore, we do not wish to receive, nor do we knowingly collect, personal information from minors. We expressly request that no child under the age of 13 use the PublicEngines Services or provide any information. 


  5. **Linked Sites**. The PublicEngines Services may link to other web sites not controlled by PublicEngines. Although we try to be careful in the selection of our strategic service and technology partners, we are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of any other web sites, and you acknowledge and agree that any use of such other web sites is entirely at your own risk. You should carefully review the privacy and security practices of the other web sites before you provide such web sites with any of your personal information. 


  6. **Disclosure of Your Information**. 
    1. **YOU AGREE THAT PUBLIC ENGINES MAY SHARE ANY AND ALL INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATIONS PUBLIC ENGINES COLLECTS FROM YOU IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE PUBLIC ENGINES SERVICES (OTHER THAN YOUR PASSWORD) WITH PARTICIPATING LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES AND/OR PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICIALS FOR THE PURPOSES OF FACILITATING CITIZEN DIALOG, INFORMATION EXCHANGE, RESPONDING TO EMERGENCIES, AND OTHER OFFICIAL USES, AND YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO SUCH DISCLOSURES. IF YOU DO NOT WANT PUBLIC ENGINES TO DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED ABOVE, PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY PUBLIC ENGINES SERVICES.**
    2. For certain PublicEngines Services, some elements of User Information are made available to other users (e.g., if you publish information to your public profile); however, in such cases you will be able to choose different levels of privacy via your account settings (e.g., members in your neighborhood group may have different access levels than other users of the services). If you publish information to a forum (if a forum feature is made available by Public Engines), that information will be public. 
    3. We may share general activity information relating to use of the PublicEngines Services by various users, to indicate to other users that such activities are taking place. For example, various features may indicate to others (using first name, last initial) that you have signed up, joined a group, or earned a badge. Such features may also indicate an agency which has received an anonymous tip. 
    4. We may share your Information with third party service providers to provide you with the PublicEngines Services; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of Accounts; or to provide technical support. These third party service providers are required not to use your Information other than to provide the services requested by PublicEngines. You expressly consent to the sharing of your Information with our service providers for the sole purpose of providing services to you. 
    5. We may disclose your Information when we have reason to believe that such disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, customers or other users of the PublicEngines Services, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities, or is appropriate or necessary to enforce our rights, take precautions against liability, investigate and defend against any third-party claims or allegations, and/or protect the security or integrity of the PublicEngines Site. 
    6. We may disclose your Information to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws 
    7. We may disclose your Information with your consent. 
    8. We may share some or all of your Information with our Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. ' _Affiliates_ ' means a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control. 
    9. We may sell or buy other businesses or entities. In such event, we may transfer or assign the information we have collected as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control to another company. In such transactions, your User Information may be included in the transferred business assets. Such company will assume the rights and obligations regarding your User Information as described in this Privacy Policy. You agree that we can accordingly assign, sell, license or transfer any information, including User Information, that you have provided to us to those third parties directly involved in the transfer or disposition of such assets. 
    10. Also, in the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we may not be able to control how your User Information is treated, transferred, or used and your User Information may be included in the transferred assets. 
    11. We may use your Usage Information to identify and develop products and services that may be of interest to you and we may send you information about special offers, products, services, programs, promotions, surveys, publications, invitations or other opportunities from ourselves or our Partners that may be of interest to certain demographic groups. We do not sell your User Information to third parties. 


  7. **Feedback; Removal from Contact List; Changing Information**. If you have a question or comment about the PublicEngines Services, or wish to update your contact information or be removed from our contact list, please email us at [ webmaster@PublicEngines.com](mailto:webmaster@PublicEngines.com). If you do not want to receive further promotional materials from us, simply contact us at the email address listed above or respond to the link in the mail you receive, and request to be removed from the contact list. Once we receive your request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your name from the contact list. If you wish to update any of your User Information and are unable to do so through the PublicEngines Services, please contact us at such email address, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to update your contact information accordingly. Please be aware, however, even if we update your User Information in our contact list, or we remove such information, it may still be stored in other databases (including those kept for archival purposes) and may still be used to compile aggregated or demographic information for supply to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may also be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). 


  8. **International Users**. By using the PublicEngines Services, you agree and acknowledge that the PublicEngines Services are hosted in the United States. If you are attempting to access the PublicEngines Services from a physical location in any region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the PublicEngines Services, which is governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Policy, and the Terms of Service, you are transferring your User Information to the United States and you consent to the application of the laws of the United States and/or the State of Utah with respect to any dispute arising from or related to the Privacy Policy and/or your use of the PublicEngines Services, other than such rules, regulations, case law, and/or international treaties that would result in the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or the State of Utah, and the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Utah, County of Salt Lake, USA. YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO PUBLIC ENGINES' PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED BY PUBLIC ENGINES IN THE COUNTRY WHERE IT WAS COLLECTED AND IN THE UNITED STATES. UNITED STATES LAWS REGARDING PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE LESS STRINGENT THAN THE LAWS IN YOUR COUNTRY. IF YOU REPRESENT AN ORGANIZATION, YOU WILL BE RESPONSIBLE TO ENSURE THAT EACH MEMBER OF YOUR ORGANIZATION (INCLUDING EMPLOYEES AND CONTRACTORS) ABOUT WHOM PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROVIDED TO PUBLIC ENGINES HAS GIVEN HIS OR HER EXPRESS CONSENT TO PUBLIC ENGINES' PROCESSING OF SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION. 


  9. **Miscellaneous**. If any part of the Privacy Policy is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the Privacy Policy shall continue in force and effect. 


  10. **Changes.** This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your User Information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our PublicEngines Site. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our PublicEngines Site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our PublicEngines Services. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your User Information to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of User Information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your User Information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us. Continued use of our PublicEngines Service, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes. 


