> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cript.to privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181222183827id_/http%3A//cript.to/page/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | cript.to

**Data Protection :**  


The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidential and according to the legal data protection regulations and this Privacy Policy. The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal data. Personal data, such as names, addresses or e-mail addresses, are always provided on a voluntary basis if possible. Those data will not be passed on to third parties without your explicit permission. However, we would like to point out that data transmissions via internet (e.g. e-mail communication) cannot be entirely secure and may have security vulnerabilities. A complete protection of personal details against unauthorized access by third parties is not possible.

 **Cookies :**

This website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files, stored by your browser on your computer. Cookies allow us to make our offer more user-friendly, more efficient and more secure. The most cookies that we use are so-called “session cookies”. They will be deleted automatically after the end of your visit. Other cookies remain on your terminal device. Those cookies enable us to recognize your browser on your next visit. You can adjust your browser that way in order to be informed when cookies are placed, to individually allow cookies or to generally exclude cookies in certain cases as well as to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. The deactivation of cookies may impair the functionality of this website.

 **Sever-log-files :**

The provider of these websites automatically collects and stores information in log files which your browser automatically transmits to us, such as browser type/version; used operating system; referrer URL; host name of the accessing computer; time of query. Those data cannot be associated with individual persons. A merging with other data sources does not take place. We reserve the right to retrospectively check the data if reasonable evidences concerning illegal use become known.

 **Registration with this websites** :

You can register with this website to be able to use additional functions on this website. The data entered for this purpose will only be used for purpose of use of the respective offer or service for which you have registered. We also use the provided e-mail address to inform you about important changes, such as change of the offer range or in case of technical changes.

 **Contact form** :

If you send enquiries to us via the contact form, your data entered into the contact form, including the stated contact data, are stored for the purpose of dealing with your enquiry and in case of additional enquiries. Those data will not be passed on without your permission.

 **Privacy Policy for the use of Google AdSense** :

This website uses Google AdSense, a Google Inc. service to embed commercial information. Google AdSense uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer to analyze the use of the website. Further, Google AdSense uses so-called web beacons (invisible images). These web beacons help to process information, such as visitor traffic on this website. The information generated by cookies and web beacons about your use of this website (including your IP address) is sent to and stored at a Google server in the U.S.A. Google may also transfer this information to their contractual partners. However, Google will not associate your IP address with any other data stored at Google's. You may prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting the settings of your browser; however, if you do so, you may be unable to use all features of this website. By using this website you agree to the processing of the collected information by Google, according to the above mentioned purpose.
