> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the crissangel.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150325033501id_/https%3A//crissangel.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

CrissAngel.com Group, Inc. (“CrissAngel.com”) cares deeply about your privacy and the protection of your personal information, and we have devised this Privacy Policy so you are informed about the use and protection of your personal information. By using the CrissAngel.com Services, you consent to the data practices described in this policy statement. Defined terms designated in the Terms of Service shall have the same definitions in this Privacy 

When you register for the CrissAngel.com Services, you may be asked to provide certain personal information that may be stored as part of your registration data. The registration data contains various personal information which may include, but not be limited to, the following: (1) e-mail address, (2) first and last name, (3) country or region, (4) state or territory, (5) city, (6) zip code or postal code, (7) street address, (8) time zone, (9) gender, (10) language, (11) birth date and age, and (12) occupation. In addition to the above information, CrissAngel.com may also collect and store the IP address of your computer or other networking device, which may be needed to operate various features and functionality of the CrissAngel.com Services. We may also collect data pertaining to your online transactions, purchase history, and CrissAngel.com Site and CrissAngel.com Services usage patterns. Further, when you register for the CrissAngel.com Services, you may be asked to create a password for your account. You may also be requested to provide secret questions and secret answers. You use your secret questions and answers, if applicable, to help verify your identity to CrissAngel.com when there are account issues, such as needing to reset your password. You may also be requested to answer various questions and/or surveys about your consumer preferences or other information.

CrissAngel.com will not use or share your personal information in a manner that differs from what is described in this Privacy Policy without your prior consent.

CrissAngel.com uses your personal information for the operation and maintenance of your CrissAngel.com account and the CrissAngel.com Services. For example, we may use your e-mail address to send you a welcome e-mail message when you first register informing you about the service and telling you how to manage your CrissAngel.com account. You may be required to respond to this e-mail in order to validate that you are the owner of the email address associated with the CrissAngel.com account. If applicable, failure to respond to the email and verify the address within the time stated in the email will cause the CrissAngel.com account to become inactive. This process is designed to verify the validity of the email address and to help prevent email addresses from being used without permission in the creation of CrissAngel.com accounts.

As part of the CrissAngel.com Services, we may recommend for your consideration various services, products and merchandise. Accordingly, we may analyze data pertaining to your online transactions, purchase history, and CrissAngel.com Site and CrissAngel.com Services usage patterns so that we can make recommendations suited especially to you.

We may also send you e-mail about periodic service updates, recommended security updates, or surveys related to the CrissAngel.com Services or other matters. These periodic e-mails are considered essential to the provision of the service you have requested. You cannot unsubscribe from these mailings. You may, however, choose not to participate in the surveys.

_**Disclosure of Personal Information  
**_ CrissAngel.com occasionally hires other companies to provide limited services on our behalf or to fulfill a service or transaction you may have requested, such as answering customer support inquiries, fulfilling merchandise orders, selling concert tickets, etc. CrissAngel.com will only provide these companies with those pieces of your personal information needed to deliver the services. CrissAngel.com may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process served on CrissAngel.com; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CrissAngel.com; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the CrissAngel.com Service, or the public.

CrissAngel.com is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access and located in controlled facilities.

You must type the correct password to access your information. It is your responsibility to ensure the security of your CrissAngel.com account password and not to reveal this information to others.

_**Operational Information  
**_ Some “operational” information is used by CrissAngel.com in order to operate your account properly and provide the CrissAngel.com Services. This operational information does not include the personal information that you provide as part of your CrissAngel.com registration data, but may include, for example, the following: the date on which your registration data was last updated, whether your e-mail address has been verified, whether your account has been deactivated, what browser you are using, the IP address of your computer or other networking device, and other similar types of information. Operational information may be shared with third parties to the extent necessary to provide the CrissAngel.com Services.

We may collect and analyze information about your use of the CrissAngel.com Services as aggregated with the use of the CrissAngel.com Services by other users (“Aggregate Information”); for example, overall usage patterns of CrissAngel.com users, the total number of CrissAngel.com users, the percentage of CrissAngel.com users who are female, or in a certain age range, or who live in a particular region, etc., or the percentage of CrissAngel.com users who are also consumers of various other products and services. The collection and analysis of Aggregate Information is important in the operation and enhancement of the CrissAngel.com Services and other business purposes. Aggregate Information may be compiled in reports and disclosed, sold, licensed or rented to third parties. However, since Aggregate Information does not include any information that can be used to individually identify you or any other CrissAngel.com user, it is not possible for the third party recipient of the Aggregate Information to use it to identify or contact you.

This CrissAngel.com Site or Service may use a third party web analytics service. CrissAngel.com and/or such third party analytics company may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as any text you type in this CrissAngel.com Site or Service. CrissAngel.com may use the information described in this paragraph for improving overall usability, determining the success of new features, identifying areas for potential new features and other improvements, testing design changes, and/or other business and marketing purposes.

A cookie is a very small text file that a website saves to your computer’s hard disk to store information that you provide about yourself or to store your preferences. The CrissAngel.com Services may use cookies when you sign in to or access a CrissAngel.com Site or Service. The CrissAngel.com Services store your unique identifier, the time you signed in, and CrissAngel.com registration data in an encrypted cookie on your hard disk. The cookie allows you to move from page to page at the participating site without having to sign in again on each page. 

The CrissAngel.com Services may also use cookies to improve the sign in experience. For example, the CrissAngel.com Services may store your user name in a cookie that will remain on your computer after you sign out. This cookie allows your user name to be entered automatically, so that you will only need to type your password the next time you sign in.

You may have the ability to accept or decline cookies using the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use the CrissAngel.com Services.

CrissAngel.com may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, CrissAngel.com will endeavor to provide notice to users in one or more of the following ways: (1) CrissAngel.com will update the “last updated” date at the bottom of the Privacy Policy; (2) CrissAngel.com may post notice of the update as a news post on the CrissAngel.com Site; and (3) CrissAngel.com may email notice of the update to all registered users. CrissAngel.com will obtain your consent to any updates to this Privacy Policy in which there is an expansion of the sharing or use of your personal information.

If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please email [support@CrissAngel.com](mailto:support@crissangel.com)
