> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the crittercism.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-10-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141015233807id_/https%3A//www.crittercism.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Crittercism

Last Updated October 15, 2013

Crittercism, Inc. takes your privacy seriously. We recognize that privacy is an important issue, so we design and operate our website and services with the protection of your privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) describes the collection of your personal information by Crittercism from our website located at www.crittercism.com, including without limitation all sub-domains thereof on which this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the “Site”) and through your use of our products and services made available through the Site.  This Privacy Policy also describes our use and disclosure of such information.

By accessing the Site or using the products or services made available through the Site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  The terms “Crittercism,” “we,” “our,” and “us” refer to Crittercism, Inc. The terms “you” and “your” refer to the user accessing or using the Site or the Services.

The term “Personal Information” as used in this Privacy Policy refers to personally identifiable information that specifically identifies an individual (such as an individual’s first and last name, address, telephone number, e- mail address, credit card or other account number), and information about that individual or such individual’s activities or preferences when such information is directly linked to personally identifying information.  Personal information does not include aggregated information or other non-personally identifiable information.  Aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of users that is not personally identifiable or from which individual identities are removed and combined with others.  We may collect, use and disclose aggregate information, and other non-personally identifiable information, for various purposes.

## HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION.

We collect Personal Information from you in the following ways.

Via Registration.  We collect the Personal Information you provide to us when you register for an account on the Site.

Via Correspondence.  If you contact us by e-mail, using a chat box or contact form on the Site, or by mail, fax, or other means, we collect the Personal Information contained within, and associated with, your correspondence.

Via E-mail Newsletters.  We may offer e-mail newsletters from time to time on the site.  If you sign up to receive a newsletter from us, we collect your e-mail address.

Via User Profiles.  The Site may give you the ability to create and update a user profile. If we offer user profile functionality on the Site, we will collect the Personal Information that you provide to us in the course of creating or updating a user profile. This information may include, for example, name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, and related demographic information about you. We may indicate that some personal information is required to create the profile, while some is optional.

Via Interactive Site Features.  The Site may contain interactive functionality that allows you to engage with other users on the Site, to post comments to forums, to upload content (“User Materials”), to participate in surveys via the Site or e-mail, and otherwise to interact with the Site and with other users.  If you use any interactive functionality on the Site that requests or permits you to provide us with Personal Information (including, for example, any features that allow you to post User Materials), we collect the Personal Information that you provide to us in the course of using these interactive features.

Via Contests and Sweepstakes.  We or our business partners may conduct or sponsor special contests, sweepstakes, and other promotions that users may enter or otherwise participate in on the Site.  Certain of these promotions may be co-branded with one of our business partners. In these instances, the collection of your Personal Information may occur directly by the business partner on its website or other online service and may be shared with us. The promotion will state the privacy policy or policies governing the collection of such Personal Information.

Via Passive Means Through the Site and Correspondence.  When you visit the Site, some information is collected automatically. For example, when you access the Site, we may automatically collect (a) your browser’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, (b) your browser type, (c) the nature of the device from which you are visiting the Site (e.g., a personal computer or a mobile device), (d) the identifier for any handheld or mobile device that you may be using, (e) the website that you visited immediately prior to accessing the Site, (f) the actions you take on the Site, and (g) the content, features, and activities that you access and participate in on the Site.  We also may collect information regarding your interaction with e-mail messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message.  We may collect this information passively using technologies such as standard server logs, cookies and clear GIFs (also known as “web beacons”).  We may use information passively-collected from the Site to administer, operate and improve the Site and our other programs, services, products, websites and other systems, to improve the effectiveness of advertising on the Site, and to provide advertisements and other content and an experience on the Site that is tailored to you.  If we link or associate any information gathered through passive means from the Site with your Personal Information, or if applicable laws require us to treat any information gathered through passive means from the Site as Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.  Otherwise, we use and disclose information collected by passive means from the Site in aggregate form or otherwise in a non-personally identifiable form.  Also, please be aware that third parties, such as companies displaying advertisements on the Site, may set cookies on your hard drive or use other means of passively collecting information about your use of their services, sites or content. We do not have access to, or control over, these third-party means of passive data collection.

Via Other Sources.  We may receive information about you, including Personal Information, from third parties, and we may combine this information with other Personal Information we maintain about you. If we do so, this Privacy Policy governs any combined information that we maintain in personally identifiable format.

## HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION.

We use Personal Information (a) to provide product, services and information that you request, (b) to enhance, improve, operate, and maintain our products, services, websites and other systems, (c) to prevent fraudulent use of our products, services, websites and other systems, (d) to prevent or take action against activities that are, or may be, in violation of our Website Terms of Use, our Service Terms and Conditions or applicable law, (e) to tailor advertisements, content and other aspects of your experience on and in connection with the Site, (f) to maintain a record of our dealings with you, (g) for other administrative purposes and (h) for any other purposes that we may disclose to you at the point at which we request your Personal Information, and pursuant to your consent.

We may also use Personal Information you provide to contact you regarding products, services, and offers, both from ourselves and from third parties, that we believe you may find of interest. We allow you to opt- out from receiving marketing communications from us as described in the “Updating Your Information And Contact Preferences” section below.

## HOW WE DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES.

Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose or transfer Personal Information about you to any third party unless we have your express permission.

Protecting our Interests.  We disclose Personal Information if we believe that doing so is legally required, or is in our interest to protect our property or other legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights or property of others, or otherwise to help protect the safety or security of the Site and other users of the Site.

Corporate Affiliates, Service Providers and Business Transfers.  Crittercism may disclose or transfer your Personal Information (a) to its corporate affiliates (for example, a subsidiary or parent corporation), (b) to its service providers (like fulfillment, hosting, or payment service providers), but only for their use to provide the requested service or (c) to an acquirer or a successor or an assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which Personal Information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.  Crittercism requires its corporate affiliates that receive your Personal Information to limit their use and disclosure of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  Crittercism requires each of its service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personal Information disclosed or transferred by Crittercism to any such services provider.

Public Areas.  You should be aware that any information you provide in blogs, forums or similarly non-private areas of the Site may be read, collected, and used by others who access these areas, and this information is not Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. To request removal of your Personal Information from these areas, please contact us.  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

## UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION AND CONTACT PREFERENCES.

You may update some of the information you provide to us as follows:

Your Information:  If you have an account on the Site, we provide mechanisms for you to review and update certain Personal Information you provided to us to obtain your account by logging into your account on the Site.

Your Contact Preferences:  If you receive commercial e-mail from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the e-mail. You may also opt-out from receiving commercial e-mail from us, and any other promotional communications that we may send to you from time to time (e.g., by postal mail) by sending your request to us by e-mail at privacy @ crittercism.com or by writing to us at the address given at the end of this policy.  Additionally, if you have a user account on the Site, we may allow you to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that you receive from us.  You may also opt-out from allowing us to share your personal information with third parties for their marketing or promotional use by sending your request to us by email at privacy @ crittercism.com.  Please be aware that if you opt-out of receiving commercial e-mail from us or allowing us to share your Personal Information with third-party organizations for their marketing or promotional use, it may take up to 10 business days from the time that we receive your request for us to process your opt-out request, and you may receive commercial e-mail from us during that period.  Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding your use of the Site and any products or services made available through the Site.

## THIRD-PARTY SITES AND SERVICES.

When you visit the Site, you may have the opportunity to visit, or link to, other sites not operated by us (“Third Party Sites”).  These Third Party Sites may also collect Personal Information about you.  You should review the privacy policy of each such Third Party Site, as this Privacy Policy does not apply to your activities or any information you disclose while using such Third-Party Site.  We are not responsible for Third Party Sites, including without limitation their privacy policies.  Our linking to a Third Party Site or otherwise making a Third Party Site available to you does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, such Third Party Sites.

## HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.

Crittercism uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information against unauthorized access and unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction. However, we cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will be absolutely protected.  For example, your Personal Information may be affected by actions outside of our control, such as computer “hacking” and physical theft.  You acknowledge that you provide your Personal Information at your own risk.

## CHILD-SPECIFIC TERMS.

Crittercism understands that children’s privacy is important. The Site is not intended for use by children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 13 without obtaining parental consent. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not submit any Personal Information to Crittercism. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13 on the Site without parental consent, we will delete such Personal Information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have collected any such Personal Information on the Site, please notify us at privacy @ crittercism.com.

## INTERNATIONAL VISITORS.

Our servers and data centers are located in the United States. If you choose to use the Site from outside the U.S., then you should know that you are transferring your Personal Information outside of your region and into the U.S. for storage and processing. By providing your Personal Information to us through your use of the Site, you agree to that transfer, storage and processing in the U.S.  Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests and operating the Site.  You should know that each region can have its own privacy and data security laws, some of which may be less stringent as compared to those of your own region.

## CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.

We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the ‘”Last Updated” date. We therefore encourage you to refer to this page on an ongoing basis so that you are aware of our current privacy policy. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your agreement to the Privacy Policy as modified.  If we change this Privacy Policy in a manner that is materially less restrictive of our use or disclosure of your Personal Information, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of the change and to obtain your consent prior to applying the change to any Personal Information that we collected from you prior to the date the change becomes effective.

## CONTACT US.

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy @ crittercism.com or at 760 Market Street, Suite 1101, San Francisco, CA 94102.
