> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the madefrompinterest.net privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161124183841id_/http%3A//www.thisgrandmaisfun.com/about-2/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - TGIF - This Grandma is Fun

Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to ThisGrandmaIsFun.com and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to This Grandma is Fun  include www.thisgrandmaisfun.com  This Grandma Is Fun website is a recipes and informational site. By using the This Grandma Is Fun website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.

Collection of your Personal Information – We do not collect personally identifiable information from our users. We may gather personal or non-personal information in the future.Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by This Grandma Is Fun. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the This Grandma Is Fun website. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through This Grandma Is Fun’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. This Grandma Is Fun encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from This Grandma Is Fun so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. This Grandma Is Fun is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the This Grandma Is Fun website.

Use of Cookies – The This Grandma Is Fun website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize This Grandma Is Fun pages, or register with This Grandma Is Fun site or services, a cookie helps This Grandma Is Fun to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same This Grandma Is Fun website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the This Grandma Is Fun features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the This Grandma Is Fun services or websites you visit.

[Third Parties – We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit This Grandma Is Fun. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see:](mailto:madefrompinterest@gmail.com)[http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp ](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

Security of your Personal Information – To secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, This Grandma Is Fun uses the following:

GoDaddy, WordPress, or Amazon.com

Children Under Thirteen – This Grandma Is Fun does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.

Opt-Out & Unsubscribe – We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from This Grandma Is Fun by contacting us at [thisgrandmaisfun@gmail.com](mailto:madefrompinterest@gmail.com)

Changes to this Statement – This Grandma Is Fun will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. This Grandma Is Fun encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how This Grandma Is Fun is protecting your information.

Contact Information – This Grandma Is fun welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that This Grandma Is Fun  has not adhered to this Statement, please contact This Grandma Is Fun at [thisgrandmaisfun@gmail.com](mailto:madefrompinterest@gmail.com)
