> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dctobc.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190411002952id_/http%3A//trillectro.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

PRIVACY POLICY

TRILLECTRO.COM ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY

This Online Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy“) constitutes an agreement between you (“you” or “User“) and DC TO BC LLC (“DC to BC”, “Trillectro”, “we,” “us,” or “our“) regarding your use of www.trillectro.com (the “Website”). We respect your privacy and the security of your personal information, and recognize the importance of providing a secure environment for those who visit our Website and use our products and online tools. We have adopted this Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store, use and protect the information you provide us. This Privacy Policy details how we safeguard the privacy of our on-line visitors. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE RELATED TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE RELATING TO YOUR USE OF TRILLECTRO.COM VERY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.

By accessing the Website or using any part of the Website or any content or services on the Website, you signify that you have read, accepted and unconditionally agreed to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use this Website. From time to time, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, update, add to, discontinue, remove, revise or otherwise change any portion of this Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at any time. For changes to this Privacy Policy that we consider to be material, we will notify you by posting the change on this Website or in this Privacy Policy and, if necessary, give you additional choices regarding such change. Your continued use of our Website will signify your acceptance of these changes.

WHAT PERSONAL AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY DC TO BC COLLECT, AND BY WHAT IT MEANS IS IT COLLECTED?

DC TO BC may collect two types of information: personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information.

Personally Identifiable Information. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, personally identifiable information is personal information about an individual, such as a first and last name, phone number or email address or other individually identifiable information within the meaning of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and the Federal Trade Commission’s Online Privacy Protection Rule found at 16 CFR 312.2 (“personally identifiable information”). TRILLECTRO only collects personally identifiable information on a voluntary basis. Personally identifiable information collected may include your name, photographs, home address, phone number, date of birth, e-mail address, and/or billing information. We do not require this information to gain access to our Website; however, you will not be able to utilize certain features that require registration or receive materials such as newsletters unless such information is provided. We may actively and passively gather, analyze and/or store personally identifiable information and other information generally, without limitation, by way of four different sources: (1) the personally identifiable information voluntarily submitted by visitors when using or registering to use the Website; (2) the personally identifiable information visitors voluntarily provide when participating in any contests, sweepstakes and/or other promotions; (3) the personally identifiable information visitors voluntarily provide when buying or ordering merchandise, or sharing information, through the Website; and (4) by tracking and analyzing online and mobile data and activity through mechanisms that identify site usage, browser types, IP addresses, and other data.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information. For some activities, we may ask you to create a username and password and/or to provide other, non-personal information such as your age, gender, location coordinates or education level, and we may combine such information with your personally identifiable information. In addition, your web browser or client software may transmit certain geographic information or information regarding your computer or other device (capabilities, browser, IP addresses, etc.) to us. We may use this information to help us understand who uses our Website and to improve and market our Website in general and to help us to improve the products and tools we offer online. In addition, we may use such information for security, system integrity (the prevention of hacking, etc.), or enforcement purposes. Because your non-personally identifiable information does not identify you, we reserve the right to share such information with our affiliates and other third parties for any purpose whatsoever in our sole discretion, including, without limitation, in connection with targeted and/or behavioral advertising and/or location-based applications.

Browser Cookies. Like many websites, we use browser “cookies”. Cookies are a website’s way of remembering who you are. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer’s hard drive or stored temporarily in your computer’s memory. There are two kinds of cookies: those that are “session” oriented and those that are “persistent”. Session cookies delete from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies retain information for later use tomorrow, next week, next month, or whenever they are set to expire. We use cookies to help us to identify account holders and to optimize their experience on our Website. Also, we will use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of this Website. Most web browsers accept cookies automatically. You can delete cookies manually or set your browser to automatically delete cookies on a pre-determined schedule.

WHO IS COLLECTING YOUR INFORMATION?

When you are asked for information while on the Website, you are sharing that information with DC TO BC  and its various affiliates, unless specifically stated otherwise. As a result of this sharing, you may receive communications from any of DC TO BC or its affiliates. In addition, some services are provided in conjunction with partner companies. If your personally identifiable information is being collected by a company other than DC TO BC, its affiliates, you will be notified at the time the information is collected. If you do not want your information shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer of information by not using that particular service or by not providing any information at that time.

Please be aware that we cannot control the activities of third parties to whom we provide data, and as such we cannot guarantee that they adhere to the same privacy and security procedures as we do.

Please be aware that advertisers or websites with links to our Website may collect personally identifiable information about you. And remember, this Privacy Policy does not apply to, and cannot control the activities of, those other advertisers or websites.

HOW MAY DC TO BC USE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?

The personally identifiable information you provide to us will allow us to communicate with you; to allow other users to contact you; fulfill your purchases; alert you to new products or events, features, or enhancements; and/or notify you of contests, promotions, or special events and offers. We may enhance or merge the personally identifiable information collected through our Website with non-personally identifiable information or data from third parties. We may also use your personally identifiable information for internal marketing, profiling, or demographic purposes, so we can adapt our products and services to better suit your needs. We do this to better understand and serve our users.

Please be advised that this Privacy Policy does not protect you when you use our public forums or provide information (including personally identifiable information) about yourself through the public profile feature or through any community area available on the Website, even if said information is marked “private”. You should carefully consider any information you disclose in any public forum, or to any other user, or through the public profile feature, on our Website.

WITH WHOM MAY DC TO BC SHARE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?

We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties in connection with our engagement of third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business. Examples of these services include: (a) payment processing and authorization, (b) fraud protection, (c) product customization, (d) order fulfillment, (e) shipping, (f) marketing and promotional material distribution, (g) website evaluation, (h) data collection, storage, management, analysis and, where applicable, cleansing, (i) internet-based, targeted and/or online behavioral advertising, and/or (j) any other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential and profits. These third parties may have access to this Website’s user information, including personally identifiable information, to the extent such third parties deem it necessary to perform their duties and functions. To opt-out of receiving marketing materials or messages from third parties with whom we have shared your personally identifiable information hereunder, please utilize the opt-out mechanisms set forth in such third parties’ marketing materials and/or privacy policy.

We may also disclose non-identifying, aggregated user statistics to third parties for a variety of purposes, including describing our events or products to prospective partners and other third parties. Examples of such non-personal information include the number of users who visited this website during a specific time period or purchased a specific product through this website.

Furthermore, if you choose to enter a contest, sweepstakes or promotion, your personally identifiable information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with such promotion, including, without limitation, for purposes of posting your entry with attribution or otherwise as permitted in the official rules for the promotion in question, fulfilling your prize or including your name on a winners list. Also, by entering a promotion, we may require you to consent to the use of your personally identifiable information or other information, such as name, voice or likeness, in advertising, promotional and marketing materials. In addition, we may offer certain promotional content, such as a sweepstakes, sponsored by or co-branded with a third party, who may obtain the personally identifiable information that you submit.

In addition, we reserve the right to disclose, share and/or otherwise transfer user information, including, without limitation, personally identifiable information, in connection with a corporate merger, acquisition, consolidation, the sale of a portion of our business or the sale of substantially all of our assets, or other fundamental corporate change, whatever form it may take. You will be notified via e-mail or prominent notice on our website prior to a change of ownership or control of your personal information, if your personal information will be used contrary to this policy. For clarification and the removal of doubt, we specifically reserve the right to transfer or share a copy of personally identifiable information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy from this website, off-line or otherwise, to the buyer of that portion of its business relating to that information.

We also reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against you if you are violating the terms of service or use agreements for our Website or product, or may be causing injury to or interference (intentionally or unintentionally) with our rights or property, other users of our Website or products, or anyone else who could be harmed by your activities.

Our Website also contains message boards, chat areas, social media platforms, and blogs, where users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another. When posting to a message board, chat area or blog, please be aware that the information is being made publicly available on-line and the user does so at user’s own risk.

WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OR DISCLOSURE OF ANY INFORMATION YOU VOLUNTARILY DISCLOSE THROUGH OUR WEBSITE.

WHAT ARE YOUR CHOICES REGARDING THE COLLECTION, USE, AND DISTRIBUTION OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?

You may have an opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving promotional material from TRILLECTRO by clicking on an “unsubscribe” hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you. Additionally you may email us at support@dctobc.com. Because user lists often are prepared well in advance, you may continue to receive some correspondence after you send us a request not to use your information for specified marketing purposes. Please be aware that we will process your request as quickly as we reasonably can, but it may not be possible to update our systems immediately. We appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request. In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.

DOES DC TO BC COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN?

We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourage parents to check and monitor their children’s use of online activities regularly. This Website supports and complies with COPPA and other applicable laws. We are committed to the privacy of children, and our Website and online tools and products are not designed for or directed to children under 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 13, please do not use this Website, and if you are over the age of 13 but under the age of 18, you should use this Website only with the involvement and permission of a parent or legal guardian. Our Website does not accept registration from children under the age of 13. No personally identifiable information is purposefully or knowingly collected from children under the age of 13 by us without parental consent. If we discover that a person under the age of 13 has provided us with any personally identifiable information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such person’s personally identifiable information from its system. Every user hereby agrees that all information you provide, including but not limited to age, shall be truthful and correct.

WHAT SHOULD YOU DO IF YOU WANT TO CORRECT OR REVIEW YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION, OR HAVE ANY QUESTIONS OR COMPLAINTS?

If for any reason you have any questions, are concerned with the way we are using your personally identifiable information, or would like to correct or request that we delete such personally identifiable information, please contact us by e-mailing us at support@dctobc.com.

ARE THERE ADDITIONAL LEGAL PROVISIONS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY?

Jurisdiction. This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland , without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. This Website is controlled and operated from the United States, and is not intended to subject us to non-U.S. jurisdictions or laws. This Website may not be available or appropriate for use in certain jurisdictions outside of the United States. If you accept this Website, you do so at your own risk, and you are solely responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations.

Entire Agreement. This Privacy Policy and our Terms And Conditions Of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and TRILLECTRO pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior or other arrangements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written.

LAST UPDATED: July 20, 2015
