> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the secure-res.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061220031624id_/http%3A//www.secure-res.com/hotel-services/customer-service/privacy-policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Secure Hotel Website Reservations Privacy Policy from SECURE-RES

At SECURE-RES, we understand that privacy on the Internet is important to you and your guests. We are providing this Privacy Statement to help you understand how we collect and use information.

**Information Automatically Logged**  
We use your guest's IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Website.

**Cookies**  
If you subscribe to our ad-tracking service, we may use cookies to store information related to your ad banner tracking. 

**Contact info/Client data**  
We ask your guests for contact information (i.e. e-mail address, mailing address and telephone number) and credit card information to allow completion of the reservation process. We make this information available to you for retrieval from the database. 

SECURE-RES is in no way liable or responsible for your company's handling of your guests' personal information.

You are responsible for maintaining and enforcing your own privacy policy in regard to information provided by your guests during the online reservation process.

You also are responsible for safeguarding any information such as credit card numbers that you may retrieve from SECURE-RES and then store on your computers or in printed form.

We do not sell or rent your guests' personal information to anyone. We will disclose individual personal information if we are subpoenaed or ordered by a court of law.

**Security**  
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All personal information is transmitted via SSL security encryption. Our site has been authenticated by VeriSign, Inc. which provides our certification and encryption keys.

You are responsible for safeguarding your unique SECURE-RES User ID and password to prevent unauthorized use of or access to the online reservation system.

**E-mails to guests**  
SECURE-RES autosends an e-mail to your guests upon their successful completion of the online reservation process.

This e-mail contains a reservation reference number generated by SECURE-RES and details of the reservation. It also may contain customized information from you. You are responsible for the contents of the customized portion of the automated e-mail to your guests.

If you subscribe to our automated Guest Welcome and Thank You E-mail Service, you are responsible for the content of those e-mails.

SECURE-RES does not contact your guests via e-mail except in the instances stated above or if the guest contacts us for support.

**Contact**  
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of our site, or your dealings with our site, you can contact SECURE-RES.
