> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the securatrac.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-04-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180403073246id_/http%3A//www.securatrac.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Secura Trac

Last Updated: April 20, 2016

This Privacy Policy is by and between SecuraTrac, LLC (the “Company”, “SecuraTrac”, “us” or “we”) and website users (“user”) of the SecuraTrac or related or affiliated websites (the “Sites”), as well as any persons (“Authorized User”) who is authorized to use SecuraTrac’s products (“Products”) or service plans (“Services”), and sets forth the policies and practices for the collection of data, storage of information and usage of information that apply to your use of the Sites and the Products and Services. These policies and practices include and extend to SecuraTrac suppliers and service providers (“Providers”) that are involved in delivery the Services expressly described herein or may be contemplated in the future. For purposes of this Agreement (defined below) “you” shall mean a user, Authorized User or any other person who they authorize and permit to use the Products or Services. The Products and Services together are referred herein to as the “Services”. By using or accessing the Sites and the Services or any portion thereof, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

We respect the privacy of all users and Authorized Users, and unless otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, the Site Disclaimer (which together form the “Agreement”), as well as the agreement each Authorized User enters into upon purchasing Products and/or Services or Authorized User enters into when created an Authorized User Account (defined below), we will not release your Personal Information (as defined below) without your permission.

**1\. PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
In order to create an account through the Sites, you must be a user of SecuraTrac Services who has been authorized by a certain Customer to create an account (“Authorized User”) linked to such Customer’s Account (“Authorized User Account”). When you create a Customer Account or an Authorized User Account, you or an authorized reseller or authorized dealer provide us with certain information including, without limitation, name, email address, phone number, billing address, billing information, and a password chosen by you that identifies you as a Customer. In addition, you may give other information such as height, weight, eye color, and medical history to SecuraTrac or its Providers. This “Personal Information” is unique information that may identify you, or any other person, as a distinct and identifiable individual. You provide this Personal Information over-the-phone or using the Sites through your Customer Account, Authorized User Account and other various ways, including inquiry forms, Customer Account registration, Customer purchases and surveys. The Personal Information collected may be used to send you information about our Company, to get in touch with you when necessary or to provide the Services, or to contact Providers as indicated by the Services you have purchased. Personal Information collected through an Authorized User Account may be shared with the Customer to which the Authorized User Account is linked.

We also disclose Personal Information to Providers we employ or contract with to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include authorized resellers and authorized dealers and their employees and advisors, of SecuraTrac Services, companies and individuals that provide emergency response services, host our web servers, provide customer service, and telephone and wireless services which provide the networks upon which the Services rely. For avoidance of any doubt, any Personal Information collected from an authorized reseller or authorized dealer may be shared with us, and we may share any Personal Information collected by us with your authorized reseller or authorized dealer in order to provide the Services. These companies and individuals will have access to your Personal Information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party.

We reserve the right to transfer Personal Information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of the Company, the Sites or a transfer of all or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest.

Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, re-sell, or otherwise distribute Personal Information.

**2\. NON PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
“Non-Personal Information” is information that does not specifically identify you or any person as an individual, and includes, but is not limited to, such non-unique information like aggregated user and Customer data, user and Customer’s web-browser type, a Customer’s wireless carrier, a user and Customer’s internet service provider, a user and Customer’s behavioral activities and preferences. Non-Personal Information is used to manage the Sites and the Services, and is not linked to any Personal Information. User and Customer IP addresses and Product identifying information may also be recorded for security and monitoring purposes. Non-Personal Information may be collected about your usage of the Services or retrieved from your Customer Account and aggregated with data from other users and Customers (“Aggregate Data”). This Aggregate Data is anonymous and will not contain any Personal Information. Aggregate data is collected to build higher quality, more useful services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users and Customers. We may use your IP address for security and monitoring purposes, to help diagnose problems with our Sites or web server, and for the general administration of our Sites.

**3\. COOKIES**  
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer’s hard drive by a web server. Cookies are used to store a user and Customer’s references and to record session information. Cookies are also used to customize newsletter, advertising, and content on the Sites based on your browser type and Customer Account information. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any Personal Information you submit while on our site. We do not control third party cookies and advertisers’ use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. Each browser is different. Refer to the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.

**4\. LINKS TO OTHER SITES**  
We expect our Providers (partners, affiliates, and authorized resellers and dealers) to respect the privacy of our users and Customers. Be aware, however, that Providers may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of websites or other services operated by third parties that are linked from our Sites or for the privacy practices of third party Internet advertising companies. Once you leave our Sites via such a link you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party to determine, among other things, how they will handle any Personal Information they collect from you.

**5\. CHILDREN UNDER 18**  
You must be over the age of 18 to purchase the Services and/or create or use a Customer Account or Authorized User Account. Under no circumstances may a child under the age of 18 purchase the Services or create a Customer Account or Authorized User Account. However nothing contained herein shall prevent a child under the age of 18 (or under the age of 13) from using the Products for the Product’s intended purposes, provided that the child has obtained Customer’s permission and permission from his or her parent or guardian. Further, nothing contained herein shall prevent a child under the age of 18 (as long as such child is not under the age of 13) from becoming an Authorized User or using an Authorized User Account or the Site, provided that the child has obtained Customer’s permission and permission from his or her parent or guardian.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information on the Sites from children under 13 except as permitted by law unless a parent or guardian has authorized such collection of information through their Customer Account. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe we have collected any information through the Sites from anyone under 13, please contact us. By providing any information to us through the Sites (e.g., through a form) about your child, you agree (a) not to provide your child’s name or email address, (b) to specify your child’s age, and (c) that we may use such information to respond to you and, as applicable, to provide the Services to you.

**6\. SECURITY**  
The Sites have security measures in place to protect against loss, misuse and/or alteration of the information that you provide. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of Personal Information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of Personal Information at any time. However, we have taken every precaution technically possible to prevent any unauthorized access to the contents of this web server.

**7\. CHANGES IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY**  
From time to time we may make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will post them on our Sites to make you aware of what the changes are so you will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it.

**8\. MISCELLANEOUS**  
This Privacy Policy is governed by California law. By using the Sites, you agree to that any and all controversies arising under this policy shall be resolved exclusively within a court with jurisdiction in Los Angeles County, California.

**9\. OPT-OUT/MODIFY**  
We provide every Customer with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving future communications from us, change and modify information previously provided, or remove their information from our databases altogether. You may do so in any of the following ways:

Email: support@securatrac.com  
Site: www.securatrac.com  
Postal Mail: 703 Pier Avenue, Suite B313, Hermosa Beach, CA 90254

**10\. CONTACTING US**  
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the Sites, or your dealings with the Sites, please contact us via one of the methods above.

SecuraTrac believes that strong electronic privacy is crucial for the ongoing success of the Internet as a service and a business medium. As a result, the information you enter on this form and in email correspondence with us will be known to only two parties: you and SecuraTrac.

We pledge that SecuraTrac will not release your personal data to anyone else without your consent. When we do present information it is in the form of Non-Personal Information in aggregate and in the form of statistics compiled amongst all of our visitors’ answers to survey questions as well as grouped on-web site behavior.

It may be necessary to share some customer information to our Providers in order to provide SecuraTrac Services. From time to time, SecuraTrac may introduce new products and services to its users and members. To the extent these new products and services affect this policy, this policy will be updated. You will be informed of these updates and any privacy conditions related to these services.
