> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the flightstats.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160625165532id_/http%3A//www.flightstats.com/company/legal/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – FlightStats, Inc.

FlightStats, Inc. respects your individual privacy. This privacy policy documents our adherence to the highest industry standards for the protection of your personal information. The policy applies to all FlightStats, Inc. websites and covers the following areas: What personally identifiable information is collected by FlightStats, Inc. or by any third party through our websites.

  * How FlightStats, Inc. uses this information.
  * With whom FlightStats, Inc. may share subscriber information.
  * What choices are available to you as a subscriber with respect to collection, use and distribution of the information.
  * What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control.
  * How subscribers can correct any inaccuracies in the information.



**Information Collection and Use** FlightStats, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on our websites.FlightStats, Inc. may collect information from you at two different stages. First, we may collect anonymous, aggregate information from all visitors to our sites. This type of information is never linked to any personally identifiable information and is only used in the aggregate to generate statistical reports about the use of our sites. Second, we may require the submission of certain personally identifiable information when you subscribe to use FlightStats, Inc. services. For subscribers, registration may require that you submit some (or all) of the following personal information: name, company name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, fax number, user name and password, and billing information. If your travel agency or airline has contracted with FlightStats, Inc. to provide you with FlightStats, Inc. flight alerts messaging service, their representatives may be authorized to view the contact information you (or they) have provided to FlightStats, Inc.., in order to assist you with flight-related problems.

**Personal Information of Children Under 13** Registered users of FlightStats, Inc. services must be at least 18 years of age. FlightStats, Inc. services are not directed to children, and FlightStats, Inc.. does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age.

**Use of Your Personal Information** FlightStats, Inc.. will use your personal information solely for internal purposes incident to the provision of the Service. We will never give your information to, or share your information with, any third party, except those who require the information in order to provide support for the internal operations of our sites and who do not disclose or use that information for any other purpose. We will never give or sell your personal information to any third party to be used for the purposes of sending you unsolicited commercial offers (such as spam), and we will not ourselves use your personal information to send you any unsolicited commercial offers. On rare occasions it is necessary for us to send out a strictly service-related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send subscribers an email. You may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature.

**Profile** We store information that we collect through cookies and log files to create a profile of our subscribers. A profile is stored information detailing how individual subscribers use our sites. Collected information in a profile is tied to the subscriber’s personally identifiable information. However, your profile is used solely for internal purposes, to help us improve the experience of our subscribers and for accounting/billing purposes. We do not share your profile with any third parties. You can get more information about cookies and log files. **Cookies** A cookie is a small text file stored on the subscriber’s hard drive for an extended period of time. The cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. Allowing the FlightStats, Inc. cookie to remain on your computer makes it easier for you to log in to and use the site. If you reject these files, you may still use the site, but you will be required to provide detailed login information.

**Log Files** Log files record internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track a subscriber’s movement and usage in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Log files record each transaction for purposes of capacity planning and billing and are linked to personally identifiable information.

**Disclosure of Personal Information As Required By Law** Though we make every effort to preserve subscriber privacy, we will disclose personal information when required by law, if we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on us.

**Business Transitions** In the event FlightStats, Inc. goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, our subscribers’ personal information may be part of the assets transferred. Subscribers will be notified via prominent notice on our web sites for 30 days prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If, as a result of the business transition, your personally identifiable information will be used in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, you will be given a choice consistent with our Notification of Changes section.

**Links** This website contains links to other sites.FlightStats, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by FlightStats, Inc..

**Security** FlightStats, Inc. takes commercially reasonable precautions to protect our subscribers’ information. However, given the nature of the Internet and the fact that network security measures are not infallible, we cannot guarantee the security of your information. When our subscription forms asks you to enter sensitive information, that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – Secure Socket Layer (SSL). While on a secure page, such as our subscription form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer appears locked. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also make an effort to protect subscriber information off-line. All of our subscribers’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. All employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Finally, the servers that store your personally identifiable information are housed in a secure environment. If you have any questions about the security at FlightStats, Inc. you can send an email to [privacy@flightats.com](mailto:privacy@flightats.com).

**Correcting, Updating, and Deactivating Personal Information** If your personally identifiable information changes or you decide to cancel your subscription, you may correct, update, or deactivate our record of your personally identifiable information. To request that your personal information should no longer be used byFlightStats, Inc., simply send an email to [privacy@flightats.com](mailto:privacy@flightats.com).

**Safe Harbor Program** FlightStats, Inc. complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. FlightStats, Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view FlightStats, Inc.’s certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/. If you have concerns about the privacy of your personal information based on the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles, send an email to [privacy@flightats.com](mailto:privacy@flightats.com).. A FlightStats, Inc. representative will contact you and take steps to address your concerns. FlightStats, Inc. has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and EU-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by FlightStats, Inc., please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint. The European Commission and the United States have announced a political agreement on a framework for transatlantic data flows called the EU-US Privacy Shield.  The announcement is aspirational in nature, with implementation details yet to be decided.  The new Privacy Shield will replace the current Safe Harbor Program, which has been overturned by the courts.  The new agreement is still in the comment and approval stage.  We will continue to follow the progress on this new agreement, and we fully intend to comply with the Privacy Shield once the agreement is finalized.

**Notification of Privacy Policy Changes** If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will prominently post a notice on the main page and other pages to alert you about the change. If the privacy policy changes materially so that we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you via email and give you a choice as to whether or not we may use your information in this different manner. However, if you have opted out of all communication with the site, or deactivated your account, then you will not be contacted and your personal information will not be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect registered user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our websites notifying subscribers of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email registered users notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.

**Changes to the Privacy Policy incorporated into this Version** On January 22, 2009, FlightStats, Inc.. made the following changes to its privacy policy: Added a section describing FlightStats, Inc. participation in the EU Safe Harbor Program. On February 17, 2012, FlightStats, Inc. made the following change to its privacy policy: Updated the Safe Harbor Program section to add FlightStats, Inc.’s compliance with the Swiss Safe Harbor Framework.

**Contact Information** If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at: FlightStats, Inc. 522 SW 5th Avenue, Suite 200 Portland, OR 97204 Phone: (503) 274-0938 Fax: (503) 274-0939 Email: [privacy@flightats.com](mailto:privacy@flightats.com).
