> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the flipit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160626182649id_/http%3A//www.flipit.com/sg/info/privacy-cookies) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy & Cookies - Privacy policy for Flipit.com

_Flipit.com is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. This policy explains how Flipit.com gathers and uses information that is collected by or provided to us. Please read this  Privacy Policy carefully to understand our point of view on your personal data and for which purposes it will be used._

* * *

### **Privacy**

When you register at Flipit.com your data such as your e-mail address and username is safely stored, and is only used to improve our website and register transaction information. We do not sell personal information such as e-mail addresses or any other data. Registering with Flipit means providing your personal data to us so you can log in to a personal account at Flipit.com, get the most relevant coupons for you, and receive our newsletter and/or alerts.

If you wish to unsubscribe from the newsletter, please sign in to your account and update your preferences. If this is not successful, you can send an e-mail with the subject 'Unsubscribe' to [info@flipit.com](mailto:info@flipit.com?subject=Unsubscribe). We will manually erase your personal data from the server. You can change these settings at any time.

* * *

### **Cookies**

Cookies are small pieces of text generated by a web page server, which serve to make the interaction between users and websites easier, faster and more convenient. Cookies can never be used to compromise or harm your computer, nor to intercept private information such as passwords. 

When you apply a coupon code from Flipit to an order at an online retailer, we earn a small commission on that sale. Cookies are necessary to register that you used a coupon from Flipit and to record the amount of discount you received. Using cookies means we can keep the website entirely free to use!

* * *

### **Cookies for statistics**

Cookies are important to keep track of our commission, but also for our own statistics. This way we can analyze which coupons are popular and which shops have a high demand for coupons, improving our user experience without the need for questionnaires or surveys.

* * *

Flipit.com is a part of Imbull B.V., a private limited company registered in the Netherlands. All of Imbull’s websites are in accordance with the European Commission’s guidelines on privacy and data protection.
