> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the flipboard.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231214514id_/http%3A//flipboard.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Flipboard Privacy Policy

#### Last Updated: November 16, 2011

Flipboard, Inc. (“ **Flipboard** ”) provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of our software applications (including any updates, new versions or new releases thereof) for use on mobile devices including, but not limited to, Apple’s iPad (each a “ **Flipboard Application** ”), our website located at www.flipboard.com (“ **Site** ”) and any other services offered by Flipboard in connection with a Flipboard Application or the Site (any and all of the foregoing the “ **Services** ”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Site and Services. 

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by making the new Privacy Policy available on the Site or via our Services. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes.

### Information Collection: Personally Identifiable Information

  * In the course of using the Site and Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you and administer your use and enjoyment of the Services (“ **Personal Information** ”). Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, your name, phone number and email address. We use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Services and administer your inquiries. For example, when you choose to interact with and use certain social networking services (“ **SNSs** ”) via the Services we collect the user credentials for your SNS account which typically includes your name, email address, gender, user ID, list of friends, and any other information you’ve chosen to make public through such SNS. 
  * We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your user experience (e.g., without limitation, zip code or location (in either case on their own) and individual preferences) (“ **Non-Identifying Information** ”). 
  * We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide the Services and administer your inquiries. 
  * Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non- identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Flipboard users to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the Services and to analyze and understand how our Site and Services are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance, to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions, for advertising or advertising targeting purposes. 
  * We also use your Personal Information to contact you with Flipboard newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. 



**Device IDs**. When you launch a Flipboard Application, we collect the unique device ID issued by Apple for your iPad (“ **Device ID** ”) and IP address, if applicable. We use and store your Device ID to enable you to interact with and use our Services and the SNS you may choose to access through them and to make it possible to authenticate and understand the use of our Services. We link your Device ID with the technical information accessed through your use of the Services which enables us to administer resets to your account or to delete information when you request that we do so or for other administrative purposes.

**Surveys and Promotions.** From time to time, we may provide you the opportunity to participate in surveys, contests or sweepstakes (any of these a “ **Promotion** ”) via our Site or Services. If you participate in a Promotion we will request certain Personal Information from you. We use the Personal Information you provide to us in these instances to administer your participation in the Promotion. Participation in a Promotion is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. 

**Log Data.** When you use our Services (e.g., when you visit our Site or interact with a Flipboard Application), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or service connected to the Internet (“ **Log Data** ”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s or iPad’s Internet Protocol (“ **IP** ”) address, browser type, the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, sections of our applications that you access, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the Services, to analyze and understand how our Site and Services are used, and for advertising and other marketing purposes.

### Our Policy Toward Children

If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@flipboard.com. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information.

**Cookies & Other Technologies**

Like many websites, we use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We may use “persistent cookies” to save a username and login password for future logins to the Site. We also may use “session ID cookies” to enable certain features of the Site or Services, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor web traffic routing on the Site and aggregate usage of the Site and Services. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Services. Cookies placed on your device or computer by Flipboard or any third party site or service that you may access through the Services may remain stored on your device or computer until you remove them.

We may also use “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs” or similar means (individually or collectively “Pixel Tags”) in connection with our Services to collect usage, demographic and geographical location data. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel, that is ordinarily not visible to users and may be associated with cookies on a user’s hard drive. Pixel Tags allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Site, to deliver branded services, and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. 

### Information Sharing and Disclosure

**Flipboard App Users.** As a Flipboard user who has downloaded and installed our Flipboard Application on your iPad or mobile device (each a “ **Flipboard App User** ”) you can interact with and use SNSs including but not limited to services like Facebook and Twitter. By using an SNS via the Services you understand and agree that Flipboard will access and store your SNS account information so that it is available to you through your use of the Flipboard Application. Depending on the SNSs you choose to utilize via the Flipboard Application and in accordance with the privacy settings you have set in your SNS account you can post information (including your Personal Information) to your SNS account and information you have posted to an SNS will be available via the Flipboard Application. For example, via a Flipboard Application you can access and login to your Facebook account by entering your Facebook account credentials through “ **Facebook Connect** ” when prompted to do so and interact with your Facebook account via your Flipboard. Other services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other online services you use. You have the ability to disable the connection between your Flipboard Application and an SNS you’ve chosen to access at any time via the “Inside Flipboard” section of the “Table of Contents” in the Flipboard Application interface.

**Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information.** We may share aggregated information that includes non-identifying information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling, and to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.

**Services Providers.** We employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of our Services’ features), to provide the Services on our behalf, or to assist us in analyzing how Services are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

**Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.** Flipboard cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Flipboard or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.

**Business Transfers.** Flipboard may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.

### Changing or Deleting Your Information

You may email us at privacy@flipboard.com with a request that we delete your Personal Information. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.

You may limit Flipboard’s use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.  You may also request access to, correction of, or deletion of personal data.  For instructions on changing any of your privacy preferences, accessing your information, updating your information or for any privacy or data-protection-related questions, please write to privacy@flipboard.com.

### Share-With-A-Friend

Subject to the privacy settings you have set in your SNS account, you can email a friend and share certain SNS content or other materials you may choose to share with that friend. If you choose to use this aspect of our services we will ask you for your friend’s name, email address and/or SNS username. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email. Flipboard stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.

Your friend may contact us at privacy@flipboard.com to request that we remove this information from our database.

### Security

Flipboard is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ reasonable physical, technological, and administrative security measures and attempt to ensure they are applicable under the circumstances. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

If Flipboard learns of a security breach that results in the unauthorized disclosure of your Personal Information, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps.  By using the Services or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. Flipboard may post a notice on its Site or within the Flipboard Application if a security breach occurs. If this happens, you will need a web browser or mobile device enabling you to view the notice. Flipboard may also send an e-mail to you at the e-mail address you have provided to us for a notification pursuant to this paragraph. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice), you should notify us at privacy@flipboard.com. 

### Phishing

Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to Flipboard. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your account ID, login password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website.

### International Transfer

Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Flipboard transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

### Links to Other Sites

Our Services contains links to other websites and online services. If you choose to visit a third party service or an advertiser by “clicking on” a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website or online service. The fact that we link to a website, content or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites or services. These other websites or services may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites and services you use.

### Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@flipboard.com or at: 818 Emerson St., Palo Alto, CA 94301.
