> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the damntheradio.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230092659id_/http%3A//www.fanbridge.com/policies/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - FanBridge

_Last Update: February 1, 2006_  
FanBridge.com is an email list management service provided by FanBridge, Inc.  
To report any abuse or violations of the FanBridge service, please send email to [our Abuse Department](mailto:abuse@FanBridge.com) and attach an unedited copy of the email message that you feel was sent to you in error or without your permission. Include all header information so that we can trace origin of the message. Also include any notes or other information that you feel are pertinent. Any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy may be directed to [our support department](mailto:contact@FanBridge.com).

Children's Guidelines  
This website is directed persons over the age of 13, and we do not seek to collect from children online contact information or distribution to third parties any personally identifiable information from children or entice children to divulge information to us.

Email and Direct Response Contact  
All of our direct response methods are opt-in. If you subscribed to our email newsletter(s) but do not want to receive it in the future, please follow the "unsubscribe" instructions contained in the newsletter(s).

Website Information Collection  
For each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name or IP address, but not the email address. Unless otherwise stated on our website, we collect only the domain name or IP address of visitors to our web page, the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and registrations to access portions of the site and their related services or to set up a FanBridge account. We also collect clickstream information. We use SSL (secure socket layer) encryption for online payment collection for purchases of our own proprietary products and services, which includes the FanBridge email list management service.

Use of Website Information Collected  
The information we collect is used to create an aggregate demographic profile of our user base so that we can improve the content and services of our website and provide aggregate information to potential advertisers (no individual information is provided to any third-party without your consent), to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, to notify consumers about updates to our Website and services, to send visitors our opt-in email newsletter(s) (if requested by the visitor), to provide users with the products and/or services for which they signed-up or registered which may include sending service disruption notices or other service- or product-related information via email, and is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes without the visitor's consent. We may share collected information with another company in the event that we merge with or are acquired by another company. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by sending us email at the above address. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. You can access this information, and/or have it corrected, by logging into your account online.

Use of Your Email List Information  
FanBridge is not an email list rental service and does not rent or sell any email addresses or other contact information that you provide or collect regarding your email list members. At all times, you retain ownership and control of your email lists and list information. When you schedule an email message to be broadcast to your list members, FanBridge sends your message based on the personalization, targeting, and other criteria that you specified when you created and scheduled your message. Please keep your account login and password secure at all times, changing your password regularly as you would on other computer systems to prevent unauthorized access or use. In order to comply with government legislation, email addresses which have requested no further contact will be placed on a suppression list which may be accessed by other organizations to maintain suppression of such addresses in their mailings as well as ours.

Cookies  
We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, customize web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends, and to enable access to specific areas on the website.  
We, or a data provider we have engaged, may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads, content or services. No personally identifiable information is placed into these cookies. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, in hashed, non-human readable form. To opt-out of these cookies, please go to <http://www.aboutads.info/choices>.

Security  
We strive to maintain appropriate security measures in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. Although we take reasonable measures to secure our data, we cannot guarantee that the measures we take are or will remain adequate. Some portions of our sites and services link to other companies' websites. Please refer to the privacy policies of those sites for information on how they handle security for information they collect.

Postal Address Collection and Use  
If you supply us with your postal address online, we will use it to send you the information for which you provided us your address. If you supply us with your telephone number online, we will use it to contact you with information regarding your account, orders your have placed, or with information regarding your inquiry. We may send you information about additional services that we offer, but we will not rent or sell your contact information to any third parties without your permission.

Changes to Privacy Policy  
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our website's Privacy Policy page to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website's Privacy Policy page periodically.
