> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bibleseries.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181230212515id_/https%3A//www.lightworkers.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | LightWorkers

**Effective as of August 28, 2017**

**Acceptance of Privacy Policy**

Welcome to www.lightworkers.com (the “ **Site** ”), operated by LightWorkers Media OTT, LLC (“ **Company** ”, “ **we** ”, “ **our** ” or “ **us** ”).  This Privacy Policy, including any future modifications (this “ **Privacy** **Policy** ”) governs your access to and use of the Site and any other sites, applications, features, technology, software, content or promotions offered by Company from time to time, that link or otherwise refer to this Privacy Policy (each, a “ **Service** ” and collectively, the “ **Services** ”), whether as a guest or as a registered user, or any other user (“ **user** ” or “ **you** ” or “ **your** ”).  The Services are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.  This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to all information that we have collected, or in the future will collect, from you.

**PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU START TO USE THE SERVICES. BY ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND AND ABIDE BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AS MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, LOCATED AT  [WWW.LIGHTWORKERS.COM/PRIVACY-POLICY](http://www.lightworkers.com/privacy-policy/) AND OUR TERMS OF USE, AS MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, LOCATED AT [WWW.LIGHTWORKERS.COM/TERMS-OF-USE](http://www.lightworkers.com/terms-of-use/) (THE “TERMS OF USE”), WHICH TERMS OF USE ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE, AND YOU FURTHER AGREE TO COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES, RULINGS AND REGULATIONS (COLLECTIVELY, “APPLICABLE LAW”). IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF USE, YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES.**

**_Categories of Information We Collect_**

We collect information about you and during your interactions with the Services, including, but not limited to, personal information (meaning information that identifies or allows us to contact a specific person, which includes, without limitation, an individual’s full name, physical address, telephone number, cell phone number or email address), in addition to other technical and usage information, each, as further described below:

  * **Information You Provide to Us.** When you sign up to receive emails from us, register for or subscribe to the Services (or any part thereof), enter a sweepstakes or contest offered by us, communicate with our support personnel, or otherwise communicate with us (including, but not limited to, via email or phone), you may provide us with certain information, including personal information.  Such information may include, for example, your name, email address, cell phone number and/or your demographic information.  We may also give you the ability to provide us with your contacts’ information, for example, to email or otherwise share content available via certain features of the Services.  If you use such features, we may use and store your contacts’ details, including, but not limited to, to deliver the content to your contacts and to help you and your contacts connect through the Services.  You are responsible for getting your contacts’ permission when you opt to give their contact details to us. We may also get information about you from other users entering your contact information.  By providing us with any such information, you consent to any such information being collected, used, disclosed and stored by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  We may also combine your online information collected via the Services with information that we obtain from offline sources, including, but not limited to, information that you may provide us with over the phone, in person or by mail and information from our business partners.
  * **Information From Social Media and Other Third Party Service(s).** We may obtain information (which may include personal information) about you via sources that are not us, including, but not limited to, the Internet, offline sources, social media services (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, YouTube or Instagram), advertising or marketing platforms, various service providers to our Services, or other public or commercial sources (collectively, “ **Third Party Service(s)** ”) and any information collected by or in connection with any of those Third Party Services.  When you access the Services through a Third Party Service, associate the Services to a Third Party Service or share our content via a Third Party Service, you acknowledge and agree that you are authorizing us to collect, store, share and use any such content and/or information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  We may combine your information from Third Party Service(s) with any information that we obtain about you via the Services and from offline sources described above.
  * **User Contributions.** The Services may contain features or functionalities including, but not limited to, comment sections, profiles, forums, videos, and other interactive features that allow users to post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other users of the Services or other users of Third Party Services (hereinafter, “ **post** ”) certain content or materials that are provided by users (collectively, “ **User Contribution(s)** ”) via the Services.  Any User Contribution you post to the Services including, but not limited to, any accompanying personal information or any other identifying information, will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, may be available publicly and may be displayed in search results on external search engines.
  * **Information From Your Use of the Services.** Information that we and Third Party Services obtain from your use of the Services includes information obtained using various types of tracking technology, such as “cookies,” beacons, pixels or other tags, files, and other technology which collect and store information. Such information collected includes, but is not limited to, your browser type and version, IP address, operating system and platform, mobile carrier, browser settings, when you open email that we send you and other information about your use of the Services.  You may turn off certain tracking technology which has been placed on your device by following the instructions on your browser.  However, if you prevent the use of tracking technology, it will be more difficult, and may be impossible, for you to use the Services, or certain portions or features of, the Services. We and Third Party Services may use locally stored objects, including, but not limited to, Flash cookies, browser web storage or application data caches to provide the Services, for example, to store your preferences or display content. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage Flash cookies go to <http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html>.  Your browser may also offer other tools to manage locally stored objects, so if you want to adjust your settings for local storage mechanisms (e.g., to delete or reject locally stored objects), please check your browser’s settings or help menu for more information.  If information is stored in local storage in addition to a cookie, you will need to remove both the local storage and the cookie in order to fully delete the information.  If you access the Services from a mobile device or other device, we may collect information about that device and your use, including, but not limited to, a unique device identifier or advertiser identifier assigned to such device, geolocation data (including your precise location), or other transactional information via such device. You may turn off part or all of such tracking through your mobile device’s settings, however, if you prevent tracking on your mobile device, it will be more difficult, and may be impossible, for you to use the Services, or portions of the Services. We have also implemented Google Analytics, including Google’s Audience Reporting and Advertising features, for the Services. You can use the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on available at <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/>  to disable tracking by Google Analytics. To learn more about Google’s collection and use of data in connection with our Services you can visit:  <https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/>.



**_Use and Disclosure of Information_**

We may use your information, which may include personal information, as follows:

  * To provide the Services to you and other users and to fulfill our business purposes.
  * To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or provide customer service.
  * To contact you, for example, to provide you with updates about the Services, and to notify you about issues with or changes to the Services or to our policies. You agree that we or our agents may email, call or text you regarding your account, subscriptions or your transactions and that we may listen to and/or record any communications that you have with us for training purposes or to evaluate the quality or other characteristics of our Services, in compliance with Applicable Law.
  * To promote the Services or to provide other promotions, products and services to you, including, but not limited to, jointly with our third party marketing partners (as a Third Party Service, a “ **Marketing Partner(s)** ”). In addition, we may share any of your information with our Marketing Partners, for such Marketing Partners’ own use.  If you do not wish to receive these communications (which may occur via email), you may opt-out by clicking the “unsubscribe” link or following the instructions included in such communications.  Please note, however, that you cannot opt-out of certain administrative communications.
  * To allow Third Party Service(s) to assist in providing, improving and managing the Services including, but not limited to, sharing information with and receiving information from such Third Party Service(s).
  * To carry out our obligations and to enforce our rights arising from any contracts we have entered into, including, but not limited to, any such contracts between you and us.
  * To display and target advertisements, marketing, promotions and content via the Services and in connection with any Third Party Service(s). See “ **Targeted Advertisements** ” for more information.
  * To provide and improve the Services including improving algorithms.
  * To allow social sharing of content or materials, which may be through Third Party Service(s).
  * In combination with information that we obtain from Third Party Service(s), including, but not limited to, offline sources.
  * To protect the rights, including legal rights, and safety, of us, other users, and/or others, and as otherwise may be needed to comply with Applicable Law.
  * To provide information to our representatives, advisors, business partners, and corporate affiliates, including Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc.
  * To complete the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of our assets (or a line of our business to which personal information or other information relates), or an acquisition or merger, for which we may, in connection with the transaction, transfer your information to the parties involved in the transaction.
  * To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide your information or otherwise specify.



In addition, we may use information that does not identity you as a specific person for any purpose and share it with third parties.

**_Sensitive Information_**

We do not intentionally collect information such as social security numbers, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership (“ **Sensitive Information** ”).We ask that you do not disclose any Sensitive Information via the Services.  Please note that if any Sensitive Information is included in your User Contribution(s) or otherwise provided by you via the Services, we and the Third Party Services will have access to such Sensitive Information, and your Sensitive Information will be available publicly with the applicable User Contribution(s), and neither we nor any Third Party Service(s) is responsible for keeping or maintaining the security of any such Sensitive Information.  
  
**_Targeted Advertisements_**

Some advertisements and other content may be delivered either by us and/or by Third Party Service(s) (including, but not limited to, third party advertising networks and/or advertisers) that may use cookies, an advertiser device identifier and similar technology to collect and/or track any information  about you, in connection with your use of the Services and other services and other information they may obtain or infer about you, such as demographic information, actual and/or inferred interests, aggregated information, and/or user activity to assist us and/or Third Party Service(s) in delivering advertising that may be relevant to your interests, which may include personal information.  This may occur through cookie ID matching or other technology designed to determine your interests across unaffiliated websites or services.  To find out more about third party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, please see [www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/).  If you would like to opt-out of certain ad networks’ and services’ advertising practices, go to [www.aboutads.info/choices](http://www.aboutads.info/choices) to opt-out in desktop and mobile web browsers.  You may download the AppChoices app at [www.aboutads.info/appchoices](http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices) to opt-out in mobile apps.

**_Payment Services_**

We may use unaffiliated, third party payment processing service(s) to allow you to purchase a product or make payments (each, as a Third Party Service, a “ **Payment Service(s)** ”) via the Services.  If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using such Payment Service(s), you will be directed to each such Payment Service to enter your payment information and other information.  Any information (including any personal information) that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to such applicable Payment Service’s privacy policy (instead of this Privacy Policy) and their terms of use (instead of our Terms of Use).  We have no control over, and we are not responsible for, any Payment Service’s use of information as may be collected via or in connection with any Payment Service. By submitting any such information to a Payment Service, you grant to such Payment Service the right to provide such information to third parties, including, but not limited to, us, for purposes of facilitating the completion of any transaction initiated by you or on your behalf.

**_Safeguarding Your Information_**

We use a variety of commercially reasonable security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.  However, no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information (including personal information).  It is solely your responsibility to keep any and all of your password(s) and any account information confidential.

**_Data Location   _**

Company is located in, and the Services are operated in, the United States of America (“ **U.S.** ”). U.S. data privacy and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction if you are located outside of the U.S.  In certain circumstances, law enforcement or regulatory agencies, courts or security authorities in the U.S. may be entitled to access your information (including personal information).  The Services are offered and made available to users who are at least 18 years of age and reside in the U.S. If you are a user located outside the U.S., please read this Privacy Policy with care. **If you access and/or use the Services, you understand and consent to having any information, including your personal information, being transferred to, stored in and processed in the U.S.   **

**_Do Not Track Signals   _**

At this time, the Services do not respond to browser “Do Not Track” signals.

**_Changes to Privacy Policy_**

Please note that Company may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted to the Services, and/or notified to the last email address you have given to us, and will become effective as of the earlier of the date Company posts such revised privacy policy via the Services or sends such notification.

If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that increase our rights to use personal information we have previously collected about you, we will obtain your consent through an email to your provided email address.

**_Third Party Service(s) and Governing Terms_**

Any Third Party Service(s), including, but not limited to, other websites and services to which we display or link to via the Services (including any links contained in advertisement(s), sponsored links and/or marketing links), or that we provide access to, embed or integrate via the Services may collect information via the Services.  Third Party Service(s) are not subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Any visit you make to any Third Party Service(s), and/or your use of any feature or functionality that is offered by a Third Party Service(s), is solely at your own risk.  Third Party Service(s) that support the Services, including by providing advertising or other services such as analytics and measurement services, may use tracking technologies to collect information about your use of the Services or such other Third Party Service(s).  If you use or visit the Services from a device from which you have logged into a Third Party Service, such Third Party Service may be able to identify your browser (and associated information provided by such browser), in addition to other information about you (and/or your use of the Services), and combine such information with other information that such Third Party Service has about you.  We do not control any Third Party Service(s), and your use of any Third Party Service(s) and their use of your information is governed by the privacy policies and/or other terms of such Third Party Service(s).  If you choose to share your activity or content via a Third Party Service(s) (e.g., on a social media service), including, but not limited to, what you may watch, read or listen to on the Services, such activity may be visible via the Services as well.

**_Data Retention; Removal of Your Information_**

Company will retain your information (including, but not limited to, your User Contribution(s) and/or your personal information) for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by Applicable Law.  Because of the nature of caching technology, and/or our business practices, please note that your information may not be instantly inaccessible.  Copies of your information may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have shared such information with Third Party Service(s), including, but not limited to, social media or other services. Company may also retain backup information related to your information on our servers for some time after you delete the information or cancel your account, for example, for fraud detection, or to comply with Applicable Law, or our internal security policies.  It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints, contractual, financial or legal requirements.

**_Accuracy and Updates to Personal Information_**

You are responsible for keeping your personal information accurate and up-to-date with us. If your personal information changes (including, but not limited to, a change in your email address) then you are responsible for notifying us of those changes so that we can keep such personal information up-to-date.  You may contact us at [EmailChangeNotice@Lightworkers.com](mailto:EmailChangeNotice@Lightworkers.com) to update your personal information.

**Your California Privacy Rights**

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of the Services that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to [CAPrivacyRights@Lightworkers.com](mailto:CAPrivacyRights@Lightworkers.com) or write us at: CA Privacy Rights, Lightworkers Legal Department, 100 Corporate Pointe, Culver City, CA 90230.

If you are a California resident under the age of 18, California Business and Professional Codes Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted.  To make such a request about the Services, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to [CAPrivacyRights@Lightworkers.com](mailto:CAPrivacyRights@Lightworkers.com). Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.

**Contact Us**

To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at: [PrivacyQuestions@Lightworkers.com](mailto:PrivacyQuestions@Lightworkers.com).
