> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the omentra.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171121010952id_/https%3A//www.omentra.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy (hereinafter sometimes “the Policy”) sets out what OMENTRA (also referred to as “Omentra”) can and cannot do with the information provided by you in the use of Services under this Website. You accept this Privacy Policy when you sign up for, access, or use our products, services, content, features, technologies or functions offered on our website and all related sites, applications, and services (collectively “Omentra Services”). This Privacy Policy is intended to govern the use of our website by our users (including, without limitation those who use Omentra Services in the course of their trade or business) unless otherwise agreed through contract. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website. The revised version will be effective as of the published effective date. You are able to peruse the Website without sharing any personal information. However, in the event you wish to avail yourself of the Services you may be required to share certain personal information with OMENTRA in order that we may be better able to provide you with adequate services.

We may require information from you such as name, address, email address etc., and we may require you to complete a form with the relevant details, depending on the Services you are availing. You can access, control and change your personal data any time you want. In the event you no longer wish to avail yourself of our Services at any point you may delete your account and we will be notified of such deletion. We may make inquiries of you regarding your decision to delete your account in order that we may better address any issues that you may have faced in accessing our Services or that of the third party services offered through our Website. We collect the personal information in order to provide you with the use of Omentra Services, and to help us personalize and improve your experience. Information we collect includes the information sent to us by your computer, mobile phone or other access device. The information sent to us includes, but is not limited to, the following: data about the pages you access, computer IP address, device ID or unique identifier, device type, geo-location information, computer and connection information, mobile network information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, and standard web log data and other information. We also collect anonymous information through our use of cookies and web beacons.

We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize Omentra Services, content, and advertising. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us or participate in our ad-customization programs, simply indicate your preference by logging into your account and going to the Notifications section and updating your preferences, or by following the directions that may be provided within the communication or advertisement. We respect your communication preferences.

When you access our website or use Omentra Services, we (including companies we work with) may place small data files on your computer or other device. These data files may be cookies, pixel tags, "Flash cookies," or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications (collectively "Cookies"). We use these technologies to recognize you as a customer; customize Omentra Services, content, and advertising; measure promotional effectiveness; help ensure that your account security is not compromised; mitigate risk and prevent fraud; and to promote trust and safety across our sites and Omentra Services. You are free to decline our Cookies if your browser or browser add-on permits, unless our Cookies are required to prevent fraud or ensure the security of websites we control.

You accept and acknowledge that once you sign up on our Website, we and all third parties offering their products/services through our Website will have access to the information shared by you. To a limited extent you will also be providing us with the authority to use the information provided by you in any marketing and / or promotional campaign, having due regard to your personal information. You also acknowledge and agree that in the event a requirement is made by law or under statute / regulation we may be compelled to share the information provided by you to the relevant authorities and that you will not hold us liable for the sharing of any information in such circumstances.

In the event you subscribe to our Website when you sign up under the same, you agree and accept that we will be sending you emails, notifications and other information / updates, pertaining to any promotions, marketing and any other information that we require you to be notified of. We ensure that your personal information pertaining to your mobile / telephone number shall remain confidential unless and / or otherwise required to be disclosed by us under the terms and conditions of any third party service provider attached to the Website and / or any legal, statutory, regulatory and / or governmental advice, regulation, direction or otherwise.

We shall have the right to terminate any existing customer account at any time. You may on certain occasions receive a notification of such termination. Not limiting the foregoing, we will have the right to terminate any account, block and / or limit access to any account / password in the event that, in our opinion, you are in breach of and / or violation of our terms, conditions, policies or otherwise by use of the Website and / or Services and / or any third party services offered under this Website.

You agree to free and indemnify OMENTRA against any and all actions, suit, proceeding, claims, expenses, loss, damages or otherwise suffered by us due to your act, omission, negligence and / or otherwise by your use of this Website, Services and / or third party services offered under this Website.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact us by telephone using the numbers or email addresses contained in [this link](http://www.omentra.com/contacts).
