> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030602194313id_/http%3A//bk.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BURGER KING® General Privacy Policy

Burger King Corporation and its business partners are very sensitive to the privacy concerns of visitors to its websites. The purpose of this General Online Privacy Policy is to describe what types of personal information we collect from visitors to our website at [http://www.burgerking.com](http://www.burgerking.com/), the purposes for which we use the information, what rights you have regarding personal information you submit, and to whom and under what circumstances we disclose personal information. This Online Privacy Policy applies to our information collection, use, and disclosure practices for burgerking.com visitors age 13 and over. Our burgerking.com [Children's Online Privacy Policy](http://www.burgerking.com/privacy_children.html) describes our information collection, use, and disclosure practices for burgerking.com visitors under the ages of 13. 

**Collection of Information**

**Non-Personal Information**  
Certain non-personal information about site visits is recorded by the standard operation of the Internet servers on which our websites are operated. The non-personal information that we may collect includes the type of operating system in use (e.g., Macintosh or Windows), the type of browser being used by the visitor (e.g., Netscape or Internet Explorer), IP addresses, and the number and frequency of visitors to our site. When you view our websites, we may collect certain non-personal information from you by using small text files known as cookies. We use cookies for several purposes, such as to recognize visitors to our sites, to determine the number of unique visitors to our site, and to ascertain which site pages they visit. We may associate non-personal information we collect with personal information we collect from visitors to our websites. We may also allow unaffiliated third parties to place cookies on the hard drives of visitors to our websites. You are always free to decline cookies, but in doing so you may not be able to use certain features on our websites. The "help"segment of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to configure your browser to not accept new cookies, how to have the browser inform you when you receive a new cookie, and how to erase cookies from your hard drive. We may also use web beacons to count page visits by our users, to access our cookies, and otherwise to improve your experience on our websites. 

**Personal Information**  
In general, we only collect personal information (which may include, but is not necessarily limited to, first and last name, birth date, home or other physical address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information, online account numbers, and password) when you voluntarily submit it to us. For example, you may choose to provide us with your personal information in order to participate in a sweepstakes or contest, purchase gift certificates, provide content submissions, make suggestions for the operation of our site, or participate in an online interactive activity or marketing research. 

**Use of Information**  
Burger King Corporation may use information collected from visitors to our websites for any of the following purposes (1) to send marketing and other communications to our visitors, (2) to allow visitors to communicate with others, such as their friends, and to allow Burger King Corporation to inform visitors of upcoming events, promotions, or activities on our site, (3) to conduct internal reviews of our site (e.g., to determine the number of visitors to the site), (4) to help us better understand visitors' use of our site, (5) to fulfill prizes, awards and purchases, (6) to respond to specific requests from our visitors, (7) to obtain parental consent where necessary under applicable law, (8) to provide any necessary notices to our visitors and their parents or guardians, (9) to conduct marketing research, (10) to protect the security or integrity of our site; and (11) in connection with inquiries regarding becoming a Burger King Franchisee or selling real estate to Burger King. Non-personally identifiable information will be used for purposes of conducting internal reviews of the site and to provide an enhanced online experience for our visitors. 

**Disclosure of Information**  
Burger King Corporation will transfer or otherwise disclose the information it collects from its site visitors to employees and independent contractors of Burger King Corporation, subsidiaries and affiliates of Burger King Corporation, consultants, and other business associates, service providers, and suppliers, if the disclosure will enable that party to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for Burger King Corporation, or if required to do so by law. Burger King Corporation will also disclose information it collects from its site visitors to Burger King Corporation's marketing and business partners, who may use the information in connection with their business operations, such as to send marketing and other communications to visitors of our site. We will also transfer or otherwise disclose personal information in response to judicial process, and, as permitted under provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on a matter related to public safety. 

**Security of Information**  
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your personal information. We allow access to personal information only to persons and entities engaging in activities provided for by the burgerking.com General Online Privacy Policy. We use Secure Socket Layer technology, among other technologies, to protect any credit card information you provide us. 

**Unforeseen Circumstances**  
In the event that Burger King Corporation or any of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal information acquired by us may be one of the assets transferred. 

**Acceptance of Privacy Terms & Conditions**  
By visiting burgerking.com, you are agreeing to the practices described in this General Online Privacy Policy. To the extent that any of the third-party sites accessible through Burger King Corporation's websites have different privacy practices from those stated in the burgerking.com General Online Privacy Policy, those third-party privacy practices govern the collection and use of information you provide when visiting those sites. Burger King Corporation is not responsible for the policies, content, and practices of other companies. 

**Access to Information**  
To access or change your contact information just click on the "contact" button available on the home page of the website. 

**Changes To This Privacy Statement**  
On occasion, it may be necessary for Burger King Corporation to change the terms of the burgerking.com General Online Privacy Policy. To ensure that you are aware of current privacy practices, we recommend that you check this site periodically. You can be assured that any changes that we make will not be applied retroactively and that we will not materially change how we handle previously collected information without your consent. 

**Contact Us**  
If you have questions regarding the burgerking.com General Online Privacy Policy, please contact the Consumer Relations Department at Burger King Corporation, 5505 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida 33126. Telephone number: (305) 378-3535. 
