> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wj32.org privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130816150309id_/http%3A//wj32.org/wp/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | wj32

At wj32.org, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us (See [this article](http://www.wp-insert.smartlogix.co.in/what-is-a-privacy-policy/) to learn more about Privacy Policies.). This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by wj32.org and how it is used.

 **Log Files**

Like many other Web sites, wj32.org makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.

 **Cookies and Web Beacons**

wj32.org does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.

 **DoubleClick DART Cookie**

  * Google, as a third party vendor, may use cookies to serve ads on wj32.org.
  * Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to wj32.org and other sites on the Internet.
  * Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URLs - <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html> and <http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/>



These third-party ad servers or ad networks serve the advertisements and links that may appear on wj32.org. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.

wj32.org has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. wj32.org's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browser's respective websites.
