> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the withoutabox.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160309192420id_/https%3A//www.withoutabox.com/index.php%3Fcmd%3Dregister.privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy, Withoutabox

## Privacy Policy 

###### (Last Revised July 6, 2012) 

* * *

At Withoutabox (as defined in Withoutabox’s [General Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/index.php?cmd=register.index)), we value our customers' privacy as we would our own. This privacy policy was developed to provide you with assurance that we won't use your personal information in ways that we would object to other web sites using our information. The bottom line is that the personal information you provide to us is respected and protected. Our privacy policy covers four separate categories:

**CATEGORY 1: General Public**  
Withoutabox collects user-submitted information such as name, email address, and age to authenticate users and to send notifications to those users relating to the Withoutabox service. Withoutabox also collects other profile data for use in connection with the Website (as defined in Withoutabox's [General Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/index.php?cmd=register.index)). 

**CATEGORY 2: Filmmakers and Film Submitters**  
By applying to a Competition (as defined in Withoutabox’s Festival Participation Agreement), you give the organizers of such Competition to view all submitted information and/or Submission (as defined in Withoutabox’s Festival Participation Agreement). You also give that Competition permission to share your information with whomever that Competition would normally share submission information. Withoutabox does not control how a Competition uses or discloses the information you authorize us to provide to it. If you are concerned, you should check with the Competition to determine how it intends to use your information and/or Submission. We do not disclose the list of Competitions to which you apply to anyone but you. We keep this information confidential whether your Submission (as defined in Withoutabox’s Festival Participation Agreement) is accepted or rejected. Thus, nobody will know which Competitions your Submissions were submitted to unless the Competition makes its selections or submissions of Submissions publicly known (public information may also become available on the WAB Sites (as such term is defined in Withoutabox’s Festival Participation Agreement)). Most Competitions only make Submission acceptances publicly known, but not so for Submission rejections. By submitting your Submission to Competitions through Withoutabox, you grant Withoutabox (and its affiliates) the nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to publish your information and/or Submission on the WAB Sites and/or affiliates’s websites in the event your Submission is accepted or announced by a Competition. 

**CATEGORY 3: Competitions, their Administrators and Staffs**  
Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy or Withoutabox’s Festival Participation Agreement, when the Competitions make information regarding the Submissions publicly known, we do not use or disclose the lists of filmmakers who applied to Competitions or have been accepted or rejected by Competitions. No one except those authorized personnel of the Competitions or employees of Withoutabox will have access to your Withoutabox account and the information stored there. 

**CATEGORY 4: General Use and Security for all users and members**  
In all other cases, your personal information will not be shared with third parties unless you give that third party "opt-in" permission to contact you independent of us. Withoutabox has technological and operational security procedures in place to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, alteration or unintentional destruction. At some places in the Website, we use "cookies" to enhance your online experience. Cookies allow our database to recognize any information associated with one of your films or your film festival, and they allow you to navigate through our Website easily. All our cookies expire when you close your PC system. This is done so that you must login each time you enter Withoutabox.com's secure areas. Most PC browsers now recognize when a "cookie" is offered, and permit you to refuse or accept it. Our system will not work if you turn your PC cookies off. Personal information collected by Withoutabox is stored and maintained in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. Other than the uses specified above, we do not share personal information with any third parties unless we believe that such action is necessary to conform to legal requirements, protect the rights of Withoutabox, or enforce the Withoutabox General Terms of Service or other supplemental terms and conditions. Please be aware that our Website has advertisements that are links to the web sites of our advertisers. If you click on these links you are leaving our Website. While we do not share any personal information about you when you click on these links, once you leave the Withoutabox environment for an external site, whether festival customer, advertiser, or corporate sponsor, the privacy policy of the external site may differ from Withoutabox's Privacy Policy. If your computer is available to others, you should remember to logout and close your browser window when you have finished your work to ensure that others cannot access your personal information. If you have questions or comments about the administration of your personal information, please contact [Support](http://www.imdb.com/helpdesk/wabsupport). You may also use this address to communicate any concerns you may have regarding compliance with our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy to adapt to our changing business, technological innovations, and the needs and expectations of our users. If we make any material change to our Privacy Policy concerning how your personal information is used or disclosed, then, in addition to including such revision in this Privacy Policy, we will post a notice on the Website that such changes to the Privacy Policy are going into effect and send you an email notification. You are expected to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version. 
