> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wittyfeed.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170629121322id_/https%3A//www.wittyfeed.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | wittyfeed

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. 

You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: 

  * Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
  * if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time byÂ writing to us.



We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. If you would like a copy of the information held on you pleaseÂ contact us on chat@wittyfeed.com. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.

WittyFeed, may share non-PII with third parties for a variety of reasons, including to enable our platforms or partners to deliver targeted advertisements that we or they believe will be of most interest to you. WittyFeed, may also disclose your information to third parties when we reasonably believe we are obligated to do so by law, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual prohibited activities, using but not limited to, fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. Release of your personal data pursuant to this section, to any person or entity under any circumstances shall be based on a determination made solely by us, exercising our own discretion, permission for which is expressly granted by you to us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. WittyFeed, may share Non-PII and PII with entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control with WittyFeed, WittyFeed may transfer information, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change. 
