> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the marcone.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121003022500id_/http%3A//www.marcone.com/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Your Privacy**   
At Marcone we believe that, as our online visitor, you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we collect when you visit our websites, and what type of information is collected. The guidelines contained herein only apply to your visits to [www.marcone.com](http://www.marcone.com/), which is operated by Mar–Cone Appliance Parts Center (Marcone). This includes web pages on [www.marcone.com](http://www.marcone.com/) that contain "marcone.com" in their URLs, but does not include any redirect URLs that link the user to another internet domain. Other websites which are linked to/from [www.marcone.com](http://www.marcone.com/) (including other Marcone affiliates, other Marcone websites, and via banner ads) may have different policies; therefore, please review the privacy policy notices on those websites for details. 

 While Marcone does not generally require that you provide us with personally identifiable information in order to visit and use the Marcone websites, please note that in order to participate in some activities, it will be necessary for you to provide this information. If you choose not to provide it for those activities, you may not be able to participate in them. 

  **Collection of Information: Cookies; Personal**   
For each visitor to a Marcone website, Marcone's web server automatically recognizes and stores information, such as the visitor's IP address/domain name combination and any referring websites. We use this information to understand visitor traffic patterns through our websites for purposes such as enhancing their usability. Your computer provides this information automatically each time you log on, unless you've activated blocking technology available in some browsers. 

 When you visit Marcone's websites or advertisements appearing thereon, or use one or more of the Marcone website services, we may use an industry–wide technology called "cookies" which stores certain information on your computer and which will allow us to customize your experience to better match your interests and preferences, or to simply facilitate your signing in to use the services. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However, if you block or erase cookies, we may not be able to restore any preferences or customization settings you previously specified, and our ability to personalize your online experience would be limited. Please refer to your browser instructions or "help" screen to learn more about these functions. 

 Additionally, Marcone may ask you to provide "personal information," meaning individually identifiable information such as your e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, social security number, credit card number, or persistent identifier (such as a customer number held in a cookie) which is associated with individually identifiable information, to enable you to fill out a registration, or to order products and services using these websites. Marcone may combine the information you provide on our websites with other information we may collect from you offline or from third parties so that we can more effectively tailor our website, services, and offerings to you. 

 Unless you instruct us otherwise, Marcone may contact you to provide information about products, services, promotions, contests, or other activities or offerings that may be of interest to you. You can instruct us whether or not you wish to be contacted by checking or removing the check from the box indicating your preference as applicable at the place where your information is collected, or by other means (such as an e-mail request). In addition, with each communication you receive from Marcone, you will be given the opportunity to indicate if you do not wish to receive future communications. 

 Unless it is for the purposes you have requested or originally agreed, Marcone will not share the personal information you provide on the Marcone websites with any other parties, except (a) with your consent; (b) as may be required by law or court order; (c) to persons or companies with whom Marcone contracts to carry out the internal operations of the website or our business; or (d) under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety or property of our users, the public, or ourselves. 

 Additionally and with your consent, Marcone may share your personal information with other affiliated Marcone companies -- i.e., (i) Marcone Servicers Association, (ii) Marcone World Magazine, or (iii) any company with the name "Marcone" as a part of its trade name -- who may want to contact you about products, services, or other offerings that may be of interest to you. Further, only with your consent, Marcone may share your personal information with specific third parties outside of the Marcone group of companies who may want to contact you about products, services, or other offerings that may be of interest to you. Please consult the respective privacy policies of each of these companies for further clarification as to their own privacy policy. Marcone will seek to obtain your consent at the place where the information is collected either by an "opt-out" or "opt-in" method, or by other means (such as an e-mail request). If you consent to receiving communications from any of these affiliated Marcone companies, or third parties, you will need to communicate with them directly if you later decide that you no longer wish to receive their communications. Until we advise you, except as indicated above for the initial decision made with your consent to share your personal information with Marcone affiliates and/or specific third parties outside of the Marcone group of companies, changes or amendments to your personal information must be given both to Marcone and to each such Marcone affiliate or other company directly, as these changes, amendments, and/or deletions will not be exchanged among Marcone and other Marcone affiliates or third parties. 

  **Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Aggregated Information**   
Marcone may also collect, aggregate, and maintain anonymous information about the visitors to our websites. This data can then be used to tailor Marcone's website content and advertising to deliver a better experience for our visitors. In addition, Marcone may also share such aggregate information about our visitors with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. 
