> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the marcustheatres.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171201181608id_/http%3A//www.marcustheatres.com/about-marcus-theatres/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Marcus Theatres Corporation values its relationships with our guests. As part of our commitment to providing best-in-class service to our guests, Marcus has created this policy to describe its policies regarding its collection of information from consumers (“you” or “your”), its use of such information, and its privacy practices with respect to same. So that you may make informed decisions regarding your personal information, we strongly urge you to review this policy completely and carefully.

This privacy policy applies to information collected by Marcus Theatres Corporation, its subsidiaries, licensees, and affiliated companies (collectively, “we”, “our”, or “us”) through your (i) use of our website and/or mobile application(s) (together, “Services”), (ii) participation in the Magical Movie RewardsTM loyalty program, or any sweepstakes, promotion, or survey offered by us, and (iii) disclosure of personal information to us through any other means. **While your acceptance of this policy is voluntary, your continued use and/or participation in any of the foregoing constitute your acceptance of this policy and any other applicable terms.**     

**How Marcus Collects and Uses Data.** You may generally use the Services without disclosing personally identifiable information. However, use of certain aspects of the Services may require you to submit personally identifiable information. When you use the Services, we automatically collect data on your website usage and online behavior, e.g., previous websites you visited, your computer’s web browser, operating system, and IP address, and how you navigate and interact with the Marcus site. Our mobile application allows you to store certain information, such as credit card and gift card numbers, email, and mobile phone number, but we are unable to access this information, which is stored locally within the mobile app.

When you register for the Magical Movie RewardsTM program, you will be asked to provide your name, street address, email address, phone number, birthday, and other marketing preferences. Through your participation in the Magical Movie Rewards program, we may collect information on your theatre movie transactions as well as concessions and food and beverage purchases at our theaters, including, without limitation, the movies you see, concession items you purchase, and theatres you attend.

We may also collect additional information from you, depending on how you engage with us. For example, we may collect information from you if you post messages to our bulletin board, communicate with us through email or online comment cards, or participate in surveys or site registrations. While we generally limit the use of such information to our own internal use to address guest concerns and improve the guest experience, we may post guest feedback and comments on our website or on social media. 

When you use the Services through one of our mobile applications, we may collect precise location data (“Location Data”) as part of the functionality of the Services. We collect Location Data through the Services so we can offer you certain location-based services and conduct analytics to improve the Services. For example, when you use the Services and you have enabled geolocation tracking on your mobile device, we will collect your Location Data to display show times at our theatres nearest to your location.

We collect Location Data in several ways from your wireless carrier and/or directly from the device on which you use the Services. If you are accessing the Services through one of our mobile applications, the way we collect Location Data will differ depending on your mobile device’s operating system. In all events, we do not collect Location Data, unless you have “allowed” its collection. If you decline to allow Location Data collection in the app, we will not collect your Location Data unless you manually enter it in.

We use information collected from you in a number of ways, including, without limitation, to improve the content and navigation of the Services, to assist in the marketing and promotion of films, events, and offers in which you may be interested, to communicate with you for customer services purposes, and to prevent and detect fraud or other misuse of the Services, Magical Movie RewardsTM program, and promotions. Further, we routinely share this information with third parties, such as motion picture distributors, industry data sharing services, and promotional and other business partners. However, we never share your Location Data, which is retained only during your current session within our mobile applications.

We take reasonable measures and implement appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information. However, by agreeing to this policy, you acknowledge that transmission of information over the Internet is, inherently, not secure.  Security breaches cannot be prevented entirely, and by continuing to use the Services, you accept the risk that a security breach may occur.

**Third parties.   **We may retain third parties to place and manage advertisements on the Services. These third parties may automatically collect information from you, through cookies and other technology, in order to provide you with advertisements for goods and services in which you may be interested.

We use Google Analytics to collect information about your use of the Services, your navigation to the Services, the time and date you used the Services, and your IP address. Google uses this information to provide us reports about traffic on the Services. For more information, please visit [www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners).

In addition, the Services may contain links to other websites that are not operated or controlled by us, such as our online ticketing vendors and social networking sites.  We do not endorse the content, nor make any assurances about the security, of these websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of third party websites. This policy applies only to the information collected by us as specified in this policy. It is your responsibility to understand the individual privacy policies of any website you visit.

**Cookies.** The Services use cookies to pre-populate your Magical Movie RewardsTM loyalty card number (if you have previously accessed your account through the Services), so that you do not have to reenter it each time you use the Services. We do not use cookies in any other way.  However, advertisers that place ads on the Services may use their own cookies, which collect their own information independent of our activities. You may adjust your browser’s settings to alert you when a site is attempting to send a cookie and allow you to refuse cookies.

**Website use by children under 13 years of age.   **We do not specifically target the Services to children under 13 years old.  If you are under the age of 13, you should only use our website and applications under the supervision of a parent or guardian. 

**Policy Changes.** We reserve the right to change this policy at any time without notice. You are responsible for keeping apprised of the current policy; thus, we encourage you to check the policy periodically.  The policy posted at [www.marcustheatres.com/privacy](http://www.marcustheatres.com/privacy) is the current policy. Your continued use and/or participation in the Services, loyalty program, promotion, etc., constitute your acceptance of any revised policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will endeavor to provide notice of any material changes to this policy by sending an email explaining such changes to you at your email address on file with us if you are a Magical Movie RewardsTM member and by posting notice on our website.

**Disclosures _.   _**We may be required to share personal information with law enforcement or government agencies as a result of a court order, subpoena, or as otherwise required by law.  Additionally, we may disclose your information as part of a planned or potential corporate sale, merger, reorganization, consolidation, or similar events.  Your information will be treated as an asset and be transferred to the purchaser as part of a sale or other transaction. 

**Opting Out.  **You are never obligated to provide us with any personal information. At any time, if you would like to cease receiving communications from us or limit our ability to share your information with third parties, you may “opt out.” If you do not want to receive communications from us in the future or have personal information shared with third parties, email [guestservice@marcustheatres.com](mailto:guestservice@marcustheatres.com) or call 800.274.0099 and indicate your preference.  

Policy Last Updated: October 6, 2016.
