> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the marcjacobs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110605192731id_/http%3A//www.marcjacobs.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Marc Jacobs

Date revised and posted: September 16, 2010

Marc Jacobs International, LLC ("Marc Jacobs”) may, from time to time, modify this Privacy Policy. In that event, the changes will appear at this location. Your continued use of our website constitutes your agreement to abide by the Privacy Policy as changed.

This policy applies only to information collected by Marc Jacobs through its website at [www.marcjacobs.com](http://www.marcjacobs.com/) (the "MJ Website”) and collected in connection with purchases of products made through the MJ Website. This does not extend to information collected through any other website, other online collection, or information collected offline. The MJ Website is directed to viewers in the United States and personal information collected over the Website goes directly to servers housed in the United States. However, we may transfer your personal information to other countries for the purposes described below. The laws of the United States and other countries to which we may transfer your personal information may not provide a level of protection equivalent to the laws in your home country. 

Your privacy is important to us. The Marc Jacobs Customer Privacy Policy has been developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the finest quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our customers. This Privacy Policy guides how we collect, store and use information about customers and prospects, and it will be periodically assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers' changing needs. 

Please be assured that we take your concerns about privacy quite seriously, and we intend to take every reasonable effort to protect it. When you submit your name and e-mail address, this information is collected in order to respond to your inquiry. We may also share this information within Marc Jacobs International, LLC, its affiliated companies, and companies within the LVMH group [www.lvmh.com](http://www.lvmh.com/) and with third parties for analytical purposes and in order to notify you of products or services that we think may be of interest to you. From time to time, we may also share your information with outside third party servicers (such as mail houses) authorized to use this information solely to perform services on our behalf. This information will be maintained in a database protected by security features located in the U.S. and access to the database is limited to authorized persons. If you do not wish for your information to be used or shared as described or if you wish to review the accuracy of the information we have collected from you or question our privacy practices, please [click here](http://www.marcjacobs.com//terms-and-conditions/)

Our Privacy Policy recognizes that personally-identifiable information (including, for example, name combined with address or billing information) deserves protection. Our Privacy Policy describes the Personally-Identifiable Information and other information we collect from you and why; how we use this information; when we share this information with third parties; the choices you can make about how your Personally-Identifiable Information is collected, used, or shared; and the data security, accuracy and access measures we have adopted to protect your information under our control from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure.

1\. **Collection.** Personally-Identifiable Information will only be collected to the extent that Marc Jacobs deems reasonably necessary to serve a legitimate business or marketing purpose. We collect Personally-Identifiable Information only if you choose to share such information with us. Marc Jacobs collects Personally-Identifiable Information from you when you register with our website, purchase products, or request other services that require information, registration or subscription. We may also keep a record of your product interests and purchases online and in stores. Whether or not you provide any of your Personally-Identifiable Information is your own choice. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products or access certain services, offers and content on our website. Like most websites, our website automatically collects and uses the data contained in log files. The information in the log files may include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the Web browser you used to visit the website, the time you visited the website, which Web pages you visited on the website, and other anonymous website usage data. We may combine such information with publicly available information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes. Please be aware that if you disclose Personally-Identifiable Information on website message boards or chat areas, that information may be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited communications from third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of Marc Jacobs. 

2\. **Notification.** If different from the uses described in this Privacy Policy, customers and prospective customers will be notified (usually at the point where personally-identifiable information is collected) as to the uses Marc Jacobs may make of the personally-identifiable information collected from them. 

3\. **Choice: Opt Out for External Distribution of Personally-Identifiable Information.** Customers and prospective customers will be given the opportunity to refuse permission for use of their name, address or certain other information through an opt out mechanism. If you wish to opt out of our direct marketing efforts or our sharing information with third parties for their direct marketing efforts, you may do so, at any time, by updating your communication preferences online at www.marcjacobs.com and clicking the "Unsubscribe” feature or by contacting us at - Tel: 212-965-5523 Fax: 212-965-5510, email:[ onlinestore@marcjacobs.com](mailto:onlinestore@marcjacobs.com). If you would like to access, verify, correct, update or delete your e-mail address, mailing address or certain other information with us please contact us the same way. Please note that it may take up to two weeks for your request to become effective and during such time you may receive e-mail notifications from Marc Jacobs. 

4\. **Security.** Appropriate safeguards will be implemented in an effort to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personally-identifiable information about our customers and prospects. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through our website, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through the website, and you do so at your own risk.

5\. **Access: Correction.** Customers can correct the Personally-Identifiable Information that has been collected from them by Marc Jacobs by resubmitting their information using the "Subscribe” feature located on the Marc Jacobs website or by contacting us at - Tel: 212-965-5523 Fax: 212-965-5510, email:[ onlinestore@marcjacobs.com](mailto:onlinestore@marcjacobs.com).

6\. **Onward Transfer.** Whenever Marc Jacobs permits a third party outside of Marc Jacobs to access personally-identifiable information, commercially appropriate procedures will be followed to help ensure that such information is used only for authorized purposes and by authorized persons in a manner consistent with the choices customers and prospects have made under this Privacy Policy, and that the security, integrity and privacy of the information is maintained. From time to time, we may share your information with outside third party servicers (such as mail houses) authorized to use this information solely to perform services on our behalf. In certain instances we may disclose Personally-Identifiable Information and other information when we believe it is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons or entities in order to protect Marc Jacobs or our customers or when we believe that the law or legal process requires such disclosure. We may also share or cross-reference, or cause to be shared or cross-referenced, such information, including your personally-identifiable information, with unrelated companies you may be interested in so that the companies can directly market their products or services to you; provided, however, you may always opt out of such marketing efforts (as described in this Privacy Policy). We may also share Personally-Identifiable Information and other information with entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control with Marc Jacobs. Personally-identifiable information may be transferred as part of any merger, acquisition or sale of company assets, as well as in the unlikely event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which Personally-Identifiable Information would be transferred to another entity. 

7\. **Third Party Websites.** Please note that our website may contain links to other websites that have their own privacy policies and practices. While Marc Jacobs will employ commercially appropriate procedures to help ensure that your information is only used for authorized purposes as described in this Privacy Policy, Marc Jacobs cannot make any guarantees with respect to the actions or policies of such third parties.

8\. **Children’s Privacy Statement.** Our website is intended for a general audience, and children under the age of 13 are not permitted to register with our website. Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect Personally-Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personally-Identifiable Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records.

9\. **Cookies.** The MJ Website uses "cookies." We may also use cookies and other tracking code in emails that you receive from us. A cookie or other tracking code is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products, services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our sites and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting patterns. Certain of our service providers may use cookies and collect information on our behalf. They are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our other service providers. In addition, in connection with the services that they provide to us, certain of our service providers may work with third parties who may use cookies to collect anonymous information to tailor advertising for you and others elsewhere on the web. These third parties do not have access to any contact information about you. If you would like to opt out of accepting cookies altogether, you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. However, certain features of the web site or our services may not work if you delete or disable cookies.

 **Questions and comments?** The Marc Jacobs Customer Privacy Policy has been developed out of respect for the privacy preferences and choices of our customers. We have established procedures to ensure that reasonable effort is made to address your concerns. Questions or comments may be directed to: - Tel: 212-965-5523 Fax: 212-965-5510, email:[ onlinestore@marcjacobs.com](mailto:onlinestore@marcjacobs.com).

 **The Marc Jacobs "Bang” T-Shirt Sweepstakes  
OFFICIAL RULES**

 **NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. A PURCHASE WILL NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCE OF WINNING.**

 **PROMOTION DESCRIPTION:** The Marc Jacobs "Bang” T-Shirt Sweepstakes (the "Sweepstakes”) begins on or about September 29, 2010 at 12:00pm Eastern Time ("ET”) and ends on October 5, 2010 at 12:00pm noon ET (the "Promotion Period”). At the end of the Promotion Period, a random drawing will be conducted to select one (1) Grand Prize winner from among all eligible entries received, as set forth more fully below. Entry in the Sweepstakes does not constitute entry into any other promotion, contest or sweepstakes. By participating in the Sweepstakes, each entrant unconditionally accepts and agrees to comply with and abide by these Official Rules and the decisions of Marc Jacobs International LLC 72 Spring Street 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10012 ("Sponsor”), which shall be final and binding in all respects.

 **ELIGIBILITY:** This Sweepstakes is open only to entrants who are twenty-one (21) years of age or older at the time of entry, or such other age as required by such entrant’s domicile, and is void in and to residents of Quebec and countries currently subject to United States embargo or on the United States list of state sponsors of terrorism. For a current list of countries currently subject to United States embargo or on the United States list of state sponsors of terrorism, go to [http://www.pmddtc.state.gov/country.htm](http://www.pmddtc.state.gov/country.htm/). Sponsor and each of its respective officers, directors, employees, parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, distributors, retailers, sales representatives, advertising and promotion agencies (all such individuals and entities referred to collectively, the "Promotion Entities”), and each of their immediate family members and/or people living in the same household are NOT eligible to enter the Sweepstakes or win a prize. This Sweepstakes is void where prohibited. 

**HOW TO ENTER:**

To enter, visit www.marcjacobs.com (the "Website”), and follow the instructions to complete the Sweepstakes entry form with the information requested. Click "Submit Entry” to submit your entry form for the Sweepstakes. Upon completion and submission of the entry form, you will receive one (1) entry in the Sweepstakes. Limit one (1) entry per person and/or household and/or e-mail address. All entries must be received by the end of the Promotion Period in order to participate. The Website’s database clock will be the official time keeper for this Sweepstakes. All required information on the entry form must be completed to enter and to be eligible to win. Proof of entering information at the Website is not considered proof of delivery to or receipt by Sponsor of such entry. Except as otherwise contemplated in these Official Rules, and to the extent entrants may otherwise elect at the time of entry, personal information collected in connection with the Sweepstakes will be used in accordance with Sponsor’s privacy policy located at http://www.marcjacobs.com/privacy-policy/.

Entry must be made by the entrant, only at the Website. Entries made by any other individual or any entity, and/or originating at any other web site or e-mail address, including but not limited to commercial sweepstakes subscription notification and/or entering service sites, will be declared invalid and disqualified for this Sweepstakes. Tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Sweepstakes, including but not limited to the use of any device to automate the entry process, is prohibited and any entries deemed by Sponsor, in its sole discretion, to have been submitted in this manner will be void. In the event a dispute regarding the identity of the individual who actually submitted an entry cannot be resolved to Sponsor’s satisfaction, the affected entry will be deemed ineligible. The Promotion Entities shall not be responsible for incorrect or inaccurate entry information whether caused by Internet users or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Sweepstakes or by any technical or human error which may occur in the processing of the entries in the Sweepstakes. The Promotion Entities assume no responsibility or liability for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, theft or destruction, or unauthorized access to, or alteration of entries.

 **WINNER SELECTION AND NOTIFICATION:** On or about October 5, 2010, one (1) Grand Prize winner will be randomly selected in a drawing from all eligible entries received throughout the Promotion Period. The drawing will be conducted by Sponsor or its designee, using randomization methods selected by Sponsor in its sole discretion. The potential prize winner will be notified by telephone and/or mail and/or e-mail using the contact information provided at the time of entry. Sponsor shall have no liability for any winner notification that is lost, intercepted or not received by a potential winner for any reason. Time is of the essence in awarding the Grand Prize. If, despite reasonable efforts, a potential prize winner does not respond within twenty four (24) hours of the first notification attempt, or if a Grand Prize or prize notification is returned as unclaimed or undeliverable to such potential prize winner, such potential prize winner will forfeit the applicable prize and an alternate prize winner may be selected. If any potential prize winner is found to be ineligible, or if he or she has not complied with these Official Rules or declines the prize for any reason prior to award, such potential prize winner will be disqualified and an alternate winner may be selected. Sponsor may successively attempt to contact up to two (2) potential prize winners of in accordance with such procedure, and if there is still no confirmed prize winner after such attempts have been made, if any, the prize may go unawarded. 

**PRIZES/ODDS:**

Grand Prize: One (1) Grand Prize is available. The Grand Prize consists of a Marc Jacobs "Bang” T-shirt that has been autographed by various persons. The Grand Prize winner must be twenty-one (21) years of age or older at the time of entry, or such other age as required by such winner’s domicile.

If the Grand Prize winner is unable to accept his/her Grand Prize within the twenty-four hour notification period, the Grand Prize will be forfeited in its entirety. 

Actual odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received.

 **GENERAL PRIZE CONDITIONS:** No cash alternative or substitution of prizes will be allowed, except Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to substitute prize(s) of comparable value if any prize listed is unavailable, in whole or in part, for any reason. Prizes will be awarded only if the potential prize winner fully complies with these Official Rules. All portions of the prize(s) are non-assignable and non-transferable. Any prizes pictured in point-of-sale, online, television and print advertising, promotional packaging, and other Sweepstakes materials are for illustrative purposes only. All details and other restrictions of the prize(s) not specified in these Official Rules will be determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. Canadian residents may need to correctly answer a time-limited, mathematical skill-testing question, without assistance of any kind, whether mechanical, electronic or otherwise, prior to being declared a winner of any prize. Each prize winner shall be solely responsible for all federal, state and/or local taxes, and the reporting consequences thereof, and for any other fees or costs associated with the applicable prize. The potential Grand Prize winner may be required to execute an Affidavit of Eligibility, a Liability Release, and (where legal) a Publicity Release (collectively, "Prize Claim Documents”). If any potential winner (or, in the case of a minor, such minor winner’s parent or legal guardian) fails or refuses to sign and return all Prize Claim Documents within two (2) days of prize notification, the winner may be disqualified and an alternate winner may be selected.

The Promotion Entities make no warranties, and hereby disclaim any and all warranties, express or implied, concerning any prize furnished in connection with the Sweepstakes. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, SUCH PRIZES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND THE PROMOTION ENTITIES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

 **GENERAL LIABILITY RELEASE/FORCE MAJEURE:** Acceptance of a prize constitutes winner’s permission for the Promotion Entities to use winner’s name, photograph, likeness, voice, biographical information, statements and address (city and state) for advertising and/or publicity purposes worldwide and in all forms of media now known or hereafter developed, in perpetuity, without further compensation. Entrants (and any minor entrant’s parent or legal guardian) agree that the Promotion Entities (A) shall not be responsible or liable for, and are hereby released from, any and all costs, injuries, losses or damages of any kind, including, without limitation, death and bodily injury, due in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, to participation in the Sweepstakes or any Sweepstakes-related activity, or from entrants’ acceptance, receipt, possession and/or use or misuse of any prize, and (B) have not made any warranty, representation or guarantee express or implied, in fact or in law, with respect to any prize, including, without limitation, to such prize’s quality or fitness for a particular purpose. Sponsor assumes no responsibility for any damage to an entrant’s, or any other person’s, computer system which is occasioned by accessing the Websites or otherwise participating in the Sweepstakes, or for any computer system, phone line, hardware, software or program malfunctions, or other errors, failures, delayed computer transmissions or network connections that are human or technical in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Sponsor is not responsible for incomplete, illegible, misdirected, misprinted, late, lost, damaged, stolen, or postage-due prize notifications; or for lost, interrupted, inaccessible or unavailable networks, servers, satellites, Internet service providers, websites, or other connections; or for miscommunications, failed, jumbled, scrambled, delayed, or misdirected computer, telephone or cable transmissions; or for any technical malfunctions, failures, difficulties or other errors of any kind or nature; or for the incorrect or inaccurate capture of information, or the failure to capture any information. Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any individual who is found to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Sweepstakes or the Website, to be acting in violation of these Official Rules, or to be acting in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner, or with the intent to disrupt or undermine the legitimate operation of the Sweepstakes, or to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other person, and Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and other remedies from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. No mechanically reproduced, illegible, incomplete, forged, software-generated or other automated multiple entries will be accepted. Sponsor reserves the right to modify, extend, suspend, or terminate the Sweepstakes if it determines, in its sole discretion, that the Sweepstakes is technically impaired or corrupted or that fraud or technical problems, failures or malfunctions or other causes beyond Sponsor’s control have destroyed or severely undermined or to any degree impaired the integrity, administration, security, proper play and/or feasibility of the Sweepstakes as contemplated herein. In the event an insufficient number of eligible entries are received and/or Sponsor is prevented from awarding prizes or continuing with the Sweepstakes as contemplated herein by any event beyond its control, including but not limited to fire, flood, natural or man-made epidemic of health of other means, earthquake, explosion, labor dispute or strike, act of God or public enemy, satellite or equipment failure, riot or civil disturbance, terrorist threat or activity, war (declared or undeclared) or any federal state or local government law, order, or regulation, public health crisis, order of any court or jurisdiction, or other cause not reasonably within Sponsor’s control (each a "Force Majeure” event or occurrence), then subject to any governmental approval which may be required, Sponsor shall have the right to modify, suspend, extend or terminate the Sweepstakes. If the Sweepstakes is terminated before the designated end date, Sponsor will (if possible) select the winner in a random drawing from all eligible, non-suspect entries received as of the date of the event giving rise to the termination. Inclusion in such drawing shall be each entrant’s sole and exclusive remedy under such circumstances. Only the type and quantity of prizes described in these Official Rules will be awarded. These Official Rules cannot be modified or amended in any way except in a written document issued in accordance with law by a duly authorized representative of Sponsor. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these rules shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. In the event that any provision is determined to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable or illegal, these rules shall otherwise remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with their terms as if the invalid or illegal provision were not contained herein.

 **GOVERNING LAW/JURISDICTION:** ALL ISSUES AND QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEABILITY OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES OR THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF ENTRANTS OR SPONSOR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SWEEPSTAKES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OF LAW OF CONFLICT OF LAW RULES OR PROVISIONS THAT WOULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF ANY OTHER STATE’S LAWS.

 **ARBITRATION PROVISION:** By participating in this Sweepstakes, each entrant agrees that any and all disputes the entrant may have with, or claims entrant may have against, the Promotion Entities relating to, arising out of or connected in any way with (i) the Sweepstakes, (ii) the awarding or redemption of any prize, and/or (iii) the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, will be resolved individually and exclusively by final and binding arbitration administered by the National Arbitration Forum (the "Forum”) and conducted before a sole arbitrator pursuant to the Code of Procedure established by the Forum. The arbitration shall be held at a location determined by the Forum pursuant to the Code of Procedure, or at such other location as may be mutually agreed by the participant and Sponsor. The arbitrator’s decision shall be controlled by the terms and conditions of these Official Rules and any of the other agreements referenced herein that the applicable participant may have entered into in connection with the Sweepstakes. There shall be no authority for any claims to be arbitrated on a class or representative basis; arbitration can decide only the participant’s and/or Sponsor’s individual claims and the arbitrator may not consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated. The arbitrator shall not have the power to award punitive damages against the participant or Sponsor. For more information on the Forum and/or the Forum’s Code of Procedure, please visit their website at [www.arb-forum.com](http://%20www.arb-forum.com/). If any part of this arbitration provision is deemed to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable or illegal, the balance of this arbitration provision shall remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid or illegal provision were not contained herein.

 **WINNER’S LIST/OFFICIAL RULES:** To obtain a copy of any legally-required winners list, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to: The Marc Jacobs Spring/Summer 2011 "Bang” T-Shirt Sweepstakes Winners List, c/o Marc Jacobs International, LLC 72 Spring Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10012. All such requests must be received within six (6) weeks after the end of the Promotion Period. These Official Rules will be posted on the Website during the Promotion Period.

© 2011 Marc Jacobs International LLC 
