> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the marinebiztv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-05-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080516175130id_/http%3A//www.marinebiztv.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to Marine BizTV :: The World’s First Global Maritime TV Channel, Marine Information, Marine Business, Marine Tourism, Maritime News, Maritime Events, Maritime Forum

| 

| Privacy Policy  
---  
I. Background & Purpose  
Marine BizTV’s values encourage a corporate culture based on integrity and accountability. At the heart of this is respect for the people we do business with and the personal information they entrust to us. Therefore, the security of such personal information (“personal data”) provided by visitors to our web sites is a priority for us.  
II. Scope  
Marine BizTV and its subsidiaries (“Marine BizTV”) comply with the provisions of all applicable data protection laws, which regulate the collection, processing and use of personal data. This policy, which applies to the web sites of Marine BizTV and its businesses, provides information about how we handle personal data.  
III. How Does Marine BizTV Handle Personal Data?  
Marine BizTV does not collect, process and/or use any personal data (i.e., name, title, gender, address, e-mail address, etc.) resulting from your use of our web sites unless you voluntarily choose to provide us with it, provide your consent, or unless otherwise permitted by applicable laws and regulations.   
Marine BizTV does not knowingly collect personal data from children. However, we are not generally aware of the age of the people who visit our web sites. Therefore, no specific steps have been taken to give special protection to such information.When you provide us with personal data while requesting certain services, e.g. as part of a registration (i.e. when you order a publication), through completion of forms or e-mails, as part of an order for products and/or services, or other inquiries, we will collect, process and/or use it only to perform the requested and rendered services.   
As part of the collection, processing and use of personal data, any necessary transmission referring to such data will remain secure and under our sole control, and we will guard against any misuse of such data.   
Marine BizTV may share the personal data you provide with other Marine BizTV companies or, in some instances, with its agents or vendors that provide services for Marine BizTV. Such agents and vendors are contractually prohibited from disclosing confidential information, including any personal data Marine BizTV shares with them.   
Marine BizTV does not share, sell, or lease personal information about you to any third parties for their marketing use. We will release information about you only if (i) we have obtained your consent, (ii) are otherwise compelled by law and/or the public authorities to disclose and/or transfer such data, (iii) such transfer is necessary to protect and defend the rights or property of Marine BizTV, or (iv) urgent circumstances warrant such transfer to protect the personal safety of Marine BizTV employees or the public.   
You should also be aware that non-personal data (such as the name of your internet service provider, your IP address - the Internet address of your computer -, or a website that you used to link to our site) may be automatically collected through the standard operation of Marine BizTV's Internet service or through the use of "Cookies." A Cookie is a small text file that is stored on your hard drive to enable a web site to recognize you when you return. The Cookie does not read data off your computer, nor otherwise collect personal data. If you do not want information to be collected through the use of Cookies, please select the appropriate settings on your browser.  
IV. Security  
Marine BizTV takes reasonable technical and organizational precautions to keep all information obtained from our online visitors secure against unauthorized access and use, and we periodically review our security measures.  
Marine BizTV's web sites may contain "links" to other web sites of affiliated companies and/or third parties. Although we attempt to only link to web sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we do not monitor or control the information collected when you elect to access a third party link. The treatment of personal data by the operators of third party web sites may be different from ours. Accordingly we are not responsible for the content or the data privacy practices employed by third party web sites.   
V. Access to Your Personal Data and Data Protection Contacts at Marine BizTV  
Marine BizTV will respond to reasonable requests to review your personal data and to correct, amend or delete any inaccuracies. Each Marine BizTV web page that is designed for the entry of personal data contains instructions explaining how you can update the personal data you provide or cancel any subscriptions you have with Marine BizTV. Alternatively, you may send an e-mail to the Webmaster of the website through which you entered your personal data. The Webmaster’s contact information is located in the legal notice/disclaimer of the website.  
Should you have any questions regarding data protection or this Website Privacy Policy, please contact If you do not agree with this Website Privacy Policy, please do not use Marine BizTV’s web sites. We reserve the right to amend this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. 
