> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the marinsoftware.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-01-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100110111152id_/http%3A//www.marinsoftware.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to Marin Software

|  | 

MARIN SOFTWARE PRIVACY POLICY 

This Privacy Policy is effective as of November 20, 2008

Marin Software Incorporated (“Marin Software,” “we,” “us”) provides this Privacy Policy to inform users of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information received from users of this web site, located at [www.marinsoftware.com](http://www.marinsoftware.com/) (“Site”) and searchgeek.marinsoftware.com. Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to the information that we collect through this Site [as well as through the paid search management software application available on this Site (“Subscription Services”)]. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on our Site. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.

By using our Site you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing” means using cookies on a computer or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the U.S. your personally identifiable information will be transferred to the U.S., and processed and stored there under U.S. privacy standards. By visiting our Site and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the U.S.   
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifiable information, please contact us at [info@marinsoftware.com. ](mailto:info@marinsoftware.com)

INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE 

Our primary goals in collecting personally identifiable information are to provide you with the product and services made available through the Site, [including, but not limited, to the Subscription Services,] to communicate with you, and to manage your registered user account, if you have one.  
If you desire to have access to certain restricted sections of the Site, you may be required to become a registered user, and to submit certain personally identifiable information to Marin Software. This may happen in a number of instances, such as when [you sign up for a free trial of the Subscription Services, or] you download materials such as “white papers” from the Site, if you desire to receive our newsletter or other marketing materials and information, or if you wish to enter into a contests, sweepstakes or promotions (collectively “Promotions”) we provide via the Site. Personally identifiable information that we may collect in such instances may include your user name, password, company title (if applicable), email address, physical address and telephone number. [If you decide to become a paying customer for the Subscription Services, we may collect additional information from you, such as your credit card number or other billing information.] If you contact us by email through the Site, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence, and may use your email address, and any information that you provide to us in your message, to respond to you. In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information about, our products and services[, including but not limited to our Subscription Services.] If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. 

When you visit the Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a web site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the web-pages you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider the IP address will be different every time you log on. Except in the instances described herein, we do not use this information to identify you personally. We use it to monitor the use of the Site and of any services or Promotions we provide via the Site [including our Subscription Services], and for the Site’s technical administration. We may also ask you for information about your online search habits and how much you or your company has spent on search services over a given period of time. This information which on its own cannot be used to identify you directly, would be considered a part of your personally identifiable information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining it with your name such that you can be identified.) But the same pieces of information are considered non-identifying information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your personally identifiable information with non-identifying information and aggregate it with information collected from Site users to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the services and Promotions we provide via the Site and to analyze and understand how our Site, services and Promotions are used. 

COOKIES

Like many web sites, we also use “cookie” technology to collect additional web site usage data and to improve the Site and any services or Promotions we provide via the Site [including our Subscription Services]. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information. However, IP addresses are collected by the use of cookies. Marin Software may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the Site and with and any services or Promotions we provide via the Site [including our Subscription Services], to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Site, and to improve usability and performance of the Site. A session cookie enables certain features of the Site and our service and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Site. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the web sites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site.

INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE 

General. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, Marin Software will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties. [If you decide to use the Subscription Services either on a trial basis or otherwise, we may use and share the information that you will provide to us with third parties, including with companies providing paid search advertising services to you, pursuant to the Subscription Services Terms of Use.] If you decide to enter into one of our Promotions, we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties who work with us to sponsor and promote such Promotions. 

Service Providers. We may engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including, without limitation, hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We will share your personally identifiable information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your data. 

Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement. Marin Software cooperates with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Marin Software or a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.   
Business Transfers. If any or all of the assets of Marin Software are acquired by, or merged with another entity, we may share some or all of your information with this entity. 

CHANGING OR DELETING INFORMATION 

If you are a registered user of the Site, you may update or correct the information you provided to us by requesting us to make such changes at info@marinsoftware.com.

SECURITY

Marin Software is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information. We employ advanced administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access.

We will disclose any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored personal data to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES 

From time-to-time, our Site may contain links to other web sites. The fact that we link to a web site is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party. We do not exercise control over third party web sites. These other web sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. This Privacy Policy addresses the use and disclosure of information that we collect from you through the Site. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other web sites you visit. 

OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN 

The Site is not directed to persons under 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, he or she should contact us at [info@marinsoftware.com](mailto:info@marinsoftware.com). If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will remove such information from our files.

| 
