> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the marinabaysands.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-10-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141005001529id_/http%3A//www.marinabaysands.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Marina Bay Sands

### Collection of Information

###   
**INFORMATION WE COLLECT:**

###   
_Personal Data_

We may collect certain types of personal data. As used in this Policy, “personal data” means data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified: (a) from that data; or (b) from that data and other information to which the organisation (in this case MBS, all Sands’ subsidiaries and all the third parties of relevance mentioned in this Privacy Policy) has or is likely to have access.  Personal data includes, among other things, your: name; street or mailing address; telephone number(s); email addresses; date of birth; gender; nationality; passport number, date and place of issue; NRIC number; driver’s licence number and expiration; voice, photographs, images, and gaming activity; reservation information; dates of stay; travel history; guest and room preferences; purchases of products and services; payment information; credit card numbers; marketing preferences; preferred communication methods; reviews and opinions about MBS (if they are identified or associated with you); frequent flyer or travel partner program affiliation and member numbers; hotel, airline and rental car packages booked; groups with which you are associated for reservations and group discounts; location (for location-based mobile applications); participation in a membership or loyalty program, such as Sands Rewards Club or Sands Rewards Lifestyle; answers you provide to security questions (such as your mother’s maiden name, the name of your pet, etc.); information used to provide products or services; information needed to administer rewards or loyalty programs, including transaction and correspondence details; and any other types of information that you choose to provide to us or that we may collect about you through your transactions with MBS or Sands Properties websites.

We may collect additional personal data about you that you knowingly and voluntarily provide in connection with certain activities at or transactions with MBS or our website, such as participation in certain meetings and events, participation in social media offerings (such as signing up through our Facebook pages), use of MBS’ mobile applications, reservations for or use of on-site services (such as entertainment, gaming and other activities), applications for employment, and liability claims.  For example, if you apply for credit at MBS or our websites, we may collect information to process your credit line request, including your identification number, bank account and other financial information, and employment information.  The additional information that we collect depends on the nature of the activity or transaction.

In addition to personal data that you provide to us, we may collect certain information about you that is not generally or uniformly considered personal data and which we consider to be non-personal data.   We collect this information to create a better user experience and to identify areas of improvement on our websites and for our services.  Such data is collected, and may include information such as the type of Internet browser you are using, your IP address, the pages you visited on our websites, how you arrived at our websites (i.e., through a search engine or a referring website), and other types of information.

###  _Cookies and Other Technologies_

When you visit our website, we may assign your computer one or more “cookies”.  By accessing our website, you agree that we can place cookies on your device.

A cookie is a small text file that contains information that can later be read by us to facilitate your access to our website, gather statistical data, and personalize your online experience. We currently use cookies on our website for purposes including, but not limited to, detecting your web browser’s multimedia capabilities, tracking promotional advertisements that we have displayed to you, maintaining current login and purchase information on secure portions of the website and providing a unique identifier to your computer so that we can generate statistics regarding website usage.

Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies.  Generally, you can remove these cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file.  If you choose not to allow us to place a cookie on your computer, you may be restricted from some services and some of the interactive features offered on our websites may be similarly restricted or rendered inoperable.

In addition to cookies, we may also use other Internet technologies, such as web beacons or pixel tags, and other similar technologies, to deliver or communicate with cookies and track your use of our website. We also may include web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon, and how.  The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer and measure the overall effectiveness of our online content, advertising campaigns, and the products and services we offer through our website.  By accessing our website and agreeing to receive our e-mail messages or newsletters, you agree to that we can use other Internet technologies such as those mentioned above on your device.

Our website may allow third parties to download cookies to your device.  Third parties, such as analytics firms and business partners, may use cookies and other technologies to collect non-personal data about your online activities while you are on our website.  This information may be used to measure usage of our website and personalize advertising content on our website.  We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features these third parties may use, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.   Please refer to the privacy policies of those third parties to better understand their activities and practices. 

###   
_Combining Information We Collect with Information from Other Sources_

We may obtain personal and non-personal data about you from other sources and combine it with information you provide to us.  In situations in which a third party under contract with MBS collects personal data about you, we will require the third party to exercise reasonable care in protecting your information so that it is in compliance with the PDPA. 
