> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the marketstm.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171213154536id_/http%3A//marketstm.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MTM - Markets Trade Media - Privacy Policy

By providing Personal Information to us, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement.

##### Personal Information

We collect Personal Information when you participate in various opportunities that we provide. By leaving your personal data with MTM, you agree that your personal information is shared with third party Regulated Financial Brokers and/or Affiliates.

This personal information is currently defined as: Name, Email Address, and Telephone Number.

##### How We Use Personal Information

We use Personal Information for the following purposes:

Respond to your inquiries and fulfil your requests, such as to send you newsletters and e-mail alerts.

Send you marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you, including trading opportunities.

Identify useful trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.

##### Cookies Policy

We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site and application traffic and interaction so that we can offer better experience and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyse how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

##### Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act) we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.

##### Online Privacy Policy Only

This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and application, but not to information collected offline.

##### Terms and Conditions

Please also visit our [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/web/20171213154536id_/http%3A//marketstm.com/terms-conditions.html) section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our service.

##### Your Consent

By using our service you consent to our websites privacy policy.

##### Changes to our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

_This policy was last modified on June 28, 2015._

##### Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the form on the [CONTACT US](https://web.archive.org/web/20171213154536id_/http%3A//marketstm.com/index.html#contact) page.

[Back to main](https://web.archive.org/web/20171213154536id_/http%3A//marketstm.com/index.html)
