> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the markforged.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606172510id_/https%3A//markforged.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Markforged

## Overview

MarkForged, Inc. (“MarkForged”, “we”, “us” or our) is committed to protecting your privacy.  This Privacy Policy applies to our Services, including our software applications and websites that link to it, including www.markforged.com, www.eiger.io, and our online store (collectively, the “Websites”) and sets forth MarkForged’s policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of our Services and Websites. By using the Services or Websites, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to the terms set forth herein, please do not use the Websites. This Privacy Policy may be updated and revised from time to time and you are deemed to have accepted the most current version each time you use our Websites.  Please take the time to read this Privacy Policy.

Software may be subject to additional terms such as license agreements, and websites may be subject to additional terms of use or service and/or software license agreements.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy.  **We may update this Privacy Policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our Websites. You should check this page occasionally to review any changes. We will provide notice of any changes by posting the revised Privacy Policy on our Websites. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed with respect to any changes to this Privacy Policy. Using our Websites or continuing to provide Personal Information to us after a notice of changes has been sent to you or published on our Websites shall constitute consent to the changed terms and practices. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all Personal Information you have provided to us.

**Children.  **Children are not eligible to use our Services or Websites and we ask that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal information to us or use our Websites.  Our Websites are not directed to children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at [privacy@markforged.com](mailto:privacy@markforged.com).  If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.

**Contact Us.  **If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by email at [privacy@markforged.com](mailto:privacy@markforged.com).

## INFORMATION WE COLLECT

**Personal Information.  ** By using our Services or Websites or purchasing products or services from us, you voluntarily and willingly provide us with certain information, including Personal Information, which we collect in order to provide the Websites and/or the products or services you may order.  Personal Information refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you, and information on your use of and activities at our Websites that may be connected with you. Personal Information that we collect may include, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home and business postal addresses. Personal Information may also include information you supply to us that does not identify you, such as your preferences and interests expressed in the course of use of our Websites and products or services, or your job title or industry, or your eligibility for special programs.

For example, we collect Personal Information when you purchase a product, contact us for warranty service or for customer or technical support, register to use one of our products, create a user ID to access Services, or participate in promotions. From time to time in the future, we may offer additional products, features, services and promotional opportunities that would require you to submit Personal Information to us in order to participate. If you are unsure whether you would like to provide information to us and/or having your information used as permitted in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Websites or otherwise provide this information to us.

**Navigational Information.**   We also collect “Navigational Information” such as your IP address and the serial number, hardware and firmware version of your devices.

Some Navigational Information may be associated with Personal Information.

Our cloud Services may collect usage information so we can manage how much to charge based on amount of use or storage, or when the limit of the services paid for has been reached. We may collect information about a Service being activated or updated, or success of update.

## HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION

We collect your information in the following ways:

**Log Files.**   We may collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites using log files. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by our Services or  Websites. This information may include, but is not limited to, your computer’s Internet Protocol address, browser type, the web page you were visiting before you came to our site, information you search for on our Websites, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.  We may also collect information about the fact that you use certain features and functionality of our service and your responses to our surveys and research initiatives.  This information is used by us for the operation of the Services or Websites, to maintain quality of the Services or Websites, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Services or Websites. For these purposes, we do link this automatically-collected data to Personal Information such as name, email address, address, and phone number.

**Cookies.**   Like most websites, we use “cookies” and web log files to collect information to track site usage and trends, to improve our service, to deliver a customized experience. A cookie is a small data file that that is placed in the memory of your computer, mobile phone or other device by a web server and enables us to recognize you when you return to our site or log into our service. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time – for example, when you return to the same Service or Website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized. We may use “persistent cookies” to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the site.  We may also use “session ID cookies”, which expire after a short period of time or when you close your browser.  Session ID cookies are used to identify a particular visit and are used to enable certain features of the site or service, to better understand how you interact with the site and service, and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the site. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Services or Websites. We keep track of the pages you visit on the Websites, in order to determine what parts of our store and the Websites are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising on the Websites to visitors whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.

## HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT

We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy.

**Consent to Use of Your Information.**   By submitting information, including Personal Information, to us, you are expressly and voluntarily accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.  You have the right to withdraw your consent to our collection and use of your information, but your withdrawal of consent will not be retroactive. We post customer testimonials and comments on our Websites, which may contain Personal Information. We obtain each customer’s consent via email prior to posting the customer’s name and testimonial.

**Use of Personal Information.**   We may use the Personal Information and other information you provide to (i) provide our Websites to you and administer your use of our Websites, (ii) to provide you with Products or services that you purchase from our online store, (iii) to communicate with you and fulfill requests you may make, including warranty requests and requests for technical support, (iv) to provide you with information and announcements with respect to our products or services, (v) to provide you with further information and offers from us or carefully selected third parties that we believe you may find useful or interesting, including newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information on services and products offered by us or third parties, and (iv) provide other companies with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user.  We may also use the information provided by you or obtained through your use of our Websites or our products or services to improve our products, services and Websites, and improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Websites.

**Use of Navigational Information.**  We may use the Personal Information and other information you provide to (i) provide our Services or Websites to you and administer your use of our Services or Websites, (ii) to provide you with Products or services that you purchase from our online store, (iii) to communicate with you and fulfill requests you may make, including warranty requests and requests for technical support, (iv) to provide you with information and announcements with respect to our products or services, (v) to provide you with further information and offers from us or carefully selected third parties that we believe you may find useful or interesting, including newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information on services and products offered by us or third parties, and (iv) provide other companies with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user.  We may also use the information provided by you or obtained through your use of our Services or Websites or our products or services to improve our products, Services and Websites, and improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Websites.

**Use of Navigational Information.** We use Navigational Information to operate and improve the Services and Websites. We may also use Navigational Information alone or in combination with Personal Information to provide you with personalized information about MarkForged and its products and services. We use Navigational Information we obtain by technical means (such as the automatic recording performed by our servers or through the use of cookies) for the above purposes as well as to monitor, measure and analyze use of the Services or Websites and our products and services, and to generate and derive useful data and information concerning the interests, characteristics and use behavior of our customers and visitors to our Websites.

**Use of Credit Card Information.  ** If you give us credit card information, we use it solely to check your financial qualifications and collect payment from you. We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use information you provide except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.

## SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

**We Never Sell Personal Information.**   We will never sell, rent or otherwise provide your Personal Information to any third party for marketing purposes.

**Sharing Information with Third Parties.** We only share your Personal Information with third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, to carry out your instructions, as may be compelled by law, or as necessary to protect our rights or property. For example, we may share data with trusted partners to help us process information, extend credit, fulfill orders for our products and services, sell or deliver products and services to you, provide customer service, assess your interest in products and services, conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys, or help us perform statistical analysis. Such third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Information except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. We also employ other companies and people to provide services to visitors to our Websites on our behalf and may need to share your information with them to provide information, products or services to you. Examples may include removing repetitive information from prospect lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. In all cases where we share your information with such agents, we explicitly require the agent to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and customer data handling policies.

**Compliance with Legal Process.** We may be required to disclose your Personal Information and/or information with respect to your use of our Websites, products and services if required by subpoena or other legal process or requirement or if we reasonably believe that such disclosure is necessary (i) to investigate, prevent or take action with respect to suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies, (ii) to protect the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury, (iii) prevent fraud or abuse of our Websites or infringement of our intellectual property rights in our products and services, (iv) to enforce our Terms of Service or your agreements with us, or (v) to investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations.

**Business Transfers.** We may sell, transfer or otherwise share your information to a third party in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets of MarkForged or in the event of bankruptcy of MarkForged and you agree that any such third party will have the right to continue to use your Personal Information and other information that you provide to us or which we obtain through your use of the service.

**Accessing Your Information.**   You may access, review, revise, correct, or delete the Personal Information provided in your registration or account profile by changing your “account settings.”  If you update any of your information, we may keep a copy of the information that you originally provided to us in our archives for uses documented in this Privacy Policy.

## SECURITY AND RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When sensitive Personal Information (such as a credit card information) is collected on our store, it is protected by Stripe, our third-party e-commerce provider.  Although we use industry standard security measures, the Internet is not a 100% secure environment and we cannot, and do not, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit or store using the Services or Websites.  There is no guarantee that your information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical or managerial safeguards and we are not responsible for third party circumvention of your privacy settings or our security measures.  You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information and for controlling access to your account.

We retain Personal Information that you provide us as long as we consider it potentially useful in contacting you about our company, products or services. We retain information about our customers for as long as we need it to provide service to the customer. We will delete this information from our servers at an earlier date if you so request, as described in “Opting-Out and Unsubscribing” below.

**Social Media Features.  **Our Websites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the “Share This” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites. Your interactions with these Social MediaFeatures are governed by the Privacy Policy of the companies providing them.

**External Websites.  **Our Websites provide links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.  You should use caution and review the privacy policies of any web sites, services or third party providers that you visit from our Websites or our products to learn more about their information practices, which may be significantly different from ours.

**Public Forums.  **We may offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums, this information may be collected and used by others. We will correct or delete any information you have posted on our servers if you so request, as described in “Opting-Out and Unsubscribing” below.

**International Transfer of Information.  **By using our Websites, you have given us your express and informed consent to transfer the data that you provide to us to the United States and to process it in the United States.  To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access Personal Information from around the world, including the United States. This Privacy Statement shall apply even if we transfer Personal Information to other countries.

## OPTING-OUT AND UNSUBSCRIBING

Reviewing, Correcting and Removing Your Personal Information.  If you provide us with your Personal Information, you have the following rights with respect to that information:

  * To review the user information that you have supplied to us
  * To request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in user information that you have supplied to us
  * To request that your user information not be used to contact you
  * To request that your user information be removed from any solicitation list that we use
  * To request that your user information be deleted from our records
  * To opt out of being solicited by the Websites or third parties



To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at [privacy@markforged.com](mailto:privacy@markforged.com). We will promptly change, correct, or delete your information.

**To Unsubscribe From Our Communications.**   You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our emails, or by sending us email us at [privacy@markforged.com](mailto:privacy@markforged.com).
