> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the marketmetrix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606094005id_/http%3A//www.clarabridge.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Clarabridge

Clarabridge, Inc. and our subsidiaries including Market Metrix, a Clarabridge Company, LLC (“Clarabridge” or “we”) are committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the highest standards of confidentiality and security for all data collected both from individuals on behalf of our clients through our feedback systems, as well as from visitors using the Clarabridge websites ([www.clarabridge.com](http://www.clarabridge.com/) and [corp.marketmetrix.com](http://corp.marketmetrix.com/)).  By using the Clarabridge website, you consent to the data practices described in this policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Data (defined below) in accordance with this privacy policy.

**A Note About Children**

We do not intentionally gather Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of 13.

**A Note to Users Outside of the United States**

Your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of personal data may be less stringent than the laws in your country.  Clarabridge and its controlled U.S. subsidiaries comply with the US-EU Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information received from customers or prospective customers in the European Union member countries (“EU”). Clarabridge has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Privacy Principles of notice, choice, accountability for onward transfer, security, data integrity and purpose limitation, access, recourse, enforcement and liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Privacy Principles noted above, the Privacy Shield Privacy Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit [https://www.privacyshield.gov](https://www.privacyshield.gov/).

The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over Clarabridge’s compliance with the Privacy Shield.

Clarabridge also complies with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland.  Clarabridge has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.  To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification page as maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, please visit:<http://www.export.gov/safeharbor>.  
Clarabridge’s Role as a Service Provider to its Business Partners  
Clarabridge provides a customer experience management software platform as a service as well as certain other related software products, and in connection with these software products, Clarabridge provides hosting services, implementation services, solution design and consulting services, professional technical services, data connection and migration services, and product technical support services (collectively “Services”) to its hosted and non-hosted business partners and prospective business partners in the EU through employees and contractors who may be located in the U.S. or India. These U.S. or India-based employees and contractors may process Personal Data to provide Services to business partners and prospective business partners located in the EU.  
Business partners using Clarabridge’s hosted solutions are responsible for managing the data that they load to or store in the Clarabridge Services. Business partners determine the categories of Personal Data and other information that are stored by Clarabridge, how that information will be used, to whom it will be disclosed, and for what purposes. Similarly, Clarabridge’s hosted and non-hosted business partners and prospective business partners who share data with Clarabridge in connection with any of its Services determine which categories of Personal Data will be shared and for what purposes. Consequently, Clarabridge does not know the categories of Personal Data to be processed or the purpose(s) of the processing unless and until Clarabridge receives instructions from its business partners or prospective business partners.  
When Clarabridge processes Personal Data, Clarabridge does so only for the purpose of providing Services pursuant to the business partner’s or prospective business partner’s instructions.  
The Business Partner’s Responsibilities with respect to Personal Data  
Clarabridge business partners and prospective business partners may choose to include Personal Data among the data stored by the Services at Clarabridge data centers in the US or EU, as selected by such Customer at the time of subscription, or shared with Clarabridge in connection with its provision of Services.  
Clarabridge processes only the Personal Data that its business partners or prospective business partners have chosen to share with Clarabridge. Clarabridge has no direct or contractual relationship with the subject of such Personal Data (a “Data Subject”). As a result, when a customer or prospective customer shares Personal Data, the customer or prospective customer is solely responsible for satisfying all legal obligations owed directly to the Data Subject under applicable data protection laws.  
It is the business partner’s or prospective business partner’s responsibility to ensure that Personal Data it collects can be legally collected in the country of origin. The customer or prospective customer is also responsible for providing to the Data Subject any notices required by applicable law and for responding appropriately to the Data Subject’s request to exercise his or her rights with respect to Personal Data. In addition, the customer or prospective customer is responsible for ensuring that its use of Clarabridge’s hosted solutions or Clarabridge’s Services is consistent with any privacy policy the customer or prospective customer has established and any notices it has provided to Data Subjects.  
Clarabridge is not responsible for its business partners’ or prospective business partners’ privacy policies or practices or for the business partners’ or prospective business partners’ compliance with such policies or practices. Clarabridge does not review, comment upon, or monitor its business partners’ or prospective business partners’ privacy policies or their compliance with such policies. Clarabridge also does not review instructions or authorizations provided to Clarabridge to determine whether the instructions or authorizations are in compliance with, or conflict with, the terms of a business partner’s or prospective business partner’s published privacy policy or of any notice provided to Data Subjects. Business partners and prospective business partners are responsible for providing instructions and authorizations that comply with their policies, notices, and applicable laws.  
**Collection of your Personal Information**

Through the Clarabridge website, Clarabridge collects Personal Data through the features of its website and in the course of providing a variety of services to consumers and to business partners.  As used throughout this privacy policy, the term “Personal Data” refers to data that personally identifies as individual, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. In addition to Personal Data, Clarabridge also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites (“Anonymous Data”).  This privacy policy does not limit Clarabridge’s collection, use, processing or sharing of Anonymous Data.

There is also Anonymous Data about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Clarabridge. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Clarabridge for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Clarabridge website.

Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose Personal Data through Clarabridge public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.

Clarabridge encourages you to review the privacy policies of websites you choose to link to from Clarabridge so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Clarabridge is not responsible for the privacy policies or other content on websites other than the Clarabridge website, and the terms of this privacy policy do not apply to any other websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites.

Clarabridge provides online feedback collection services to its clients. Typically clients provide Clarabridge with data on customers and other stakeholders such as name, company, location and email address, which Clarabridge uses to invite participants to complete surveys or feedback forms.

Choices and Access regarding your Personal Information

We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data. We may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our site or the purchase of our products or services and may contain advertisements for third party companies. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we may share your e-mail address with third parties to ensure that you do not receive further communications from third parties. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or privacy policy.

Before Clarabridge collects Sensitive Data (defined below) directly from any consumer, Clarabridge will offer the consumer an opportunity to opt-in to such collection, and we will provide an explanation of our privacy practices related to that information, if those practices differ materially from this privacy policy.  If a consumer does not opt-in to such collection, Clarabridge will not collect the Sensitive Data.  In such instances, however, Clarabridge may be unable to provide the services for which the Sensitive Data would otherwise be collected.  An individual may elect to withdraw his/her consent to future collections of Sensitive Data by sending a written notice to Clarabridge at the email address or postal address set forth below.  Such notice should state clearly that the individual wishes to withdraw his/her consent to Clarabridge’s future collection of Sensitive Data directly from the individual.  Following Clarabridge’s receipt of that notice, Clarabridge will take steps to stop future collections within a reasonable time.  For purposes of this privacy policy, “Sensitive Data” refers to Personal Data that pertains to racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, health or sex life, or any other information regarding which applicable law requires opt-in consent prior to its collection.  Anonymous Data about such topics (i.e., similar data that is not associated with any data that personally identifies you) is not Sensitive Data.

Changes to Personal Data. If you wish to access, correct or amend any Personal Data about you Clarabridge holds, you may submit a request by calling 571-299-1800 or emailing privacy@clarabridge.com.  We will exercise good faith efforts to provide access to such Personal Data to the extent it is available within a reasonable time, and will exercise good faith efforts to correct or amend information that you believe to be inaccurate, except where the burden or expense of providing access, correction or amendment would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question or where the rights of other persons would be violated.  You may also request deletion of your Personal Data by us, but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.

Please also be aware that as noted above, as part of its customary business activities, Clarabridge acts as a service provider to its business partners.  Whenever Clarabridge receives Personal Data from its business partners, Clarabridge relies upon those business partners to obtain any consent from consumers that may be required to authorize Clarabridge’s privacy practices related to the applicable Personal Data, and Clarabridge does not provide a choice to individuals regarding Clarabridge’s collection and use of the Personal Data received from those business partners.  Clarabridge is not responsible for the policies or practices of those business partners with respect to the Personal Data those business partners collect.

In some circumstances applicable law may provide consumers a right to request a report regarding Clarabridge’s disclosures of Personal Data about himself or herself, and Clarabridge will always undertake to provide such information as required by applicable law.  For example, pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (the “Shine the Light Law”), a California resident may request an information statement from Clarabridge regarding disclosures of Personal Data about that resident, if any, that Clarabridge has made to third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year.  All such requests should be submitted in writing to Clarabridge at the email address or postal address set forth below.  Clarabridge will endeavor to respond to such requests within a reasonable time by providing a report that includes the information required by applicable law.  Please be advised that, Clarabridge is not required to respond to requests from any individual resident under the Shine the Light Law more frequently than once per calendar year.

Use and Onward Transfer of your Personal Information

Clarabridge website. Clarabridge collects and uses your Personal Data to deliver the services you have requested. Clarabridge also uses your Personal Data to inform you of other products or services available from Clarabridge and its affiliates. Clarabridge may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.

Clarabridge does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Clarabridge may, from time to time, share information with you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you.

In addition, Clarabridge may share data with trusted partners to provide services to Clarabridge or to provide services on Clarabridge’s behalf, such as performing statistical analysis, sending you email or postal mail, providing customer support, or arranging for deliveries. We require all such third parties are to agree to limit their use of your Personal Data to performance of such services in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.

Clarabridge does not use or disclose Sensitive Data without your opt-in consent.  
Clarabridge keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within Clarabridge, in order to determine what Clarabridge services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Clarabridge to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.

Clarabridge websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Clarabridge or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Clarabridge; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Clarabridge, or the public.

We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our corporate affiliates, in which case we will require our affiliates to treat Personal Data that we share with them in a manner consistent with this privacy policy. If another company acquires our company or our assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this orivacy policy.

To collect feedback on behalf of our clients, Clarabridge is provided access to the data, which may reside on the systems of Clarabridge, its clients or third-party vendors. Clarabridge treats the collected feedback according to the terms of this policy.  Only a limited number of authorized employees are allowed access to such Client data.

Clarabridge uses the Google Visualization API to generate the charts in the analysis interface. No customer data is passed to Google to generate the charts in the client browser. However, if you plan to export the graph to Excel or PDF, your aggregated data must be sent to Google in order to generate the file. No detailed records are sent to Google, and only the data labels and numbers actually displayed on the exported graph are transmitted.

**Use of Cookies**

The Clarabridge website use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.

One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Clarabridge pages, or register with Clarabridge site or services, a cookie helps Clarabridge to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Clarabridge website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Clarabridge features that you customized.

Clarabridge also works with advertisers and service providers, like Google, who may have placed one or more cookies on your computer either at the time of your visit to the Clarabridge website or when you visit other websites for which they provide services.  We partner with those companies to assist us in marketing Clarabridge’s products and services on third party websites to individuals, like you, who have previously visited the Clarabridge website or have otherwise demonstrated an interest in our products and services.  If you prefer, you may opt out of Google’s use of cookies for this kind of interest-based advertising by modifying Google’s [Ads Settings](https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated?hl=en). You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Clarabridge services or websites you visit.  At this time, however, the Clarabridge website does not respond to “Do No Track” signals, and the website may therefore collect any information that an end user’s browser provides, such as information identifying the end user’s operating system and Internet protocol address.

**Information Retention, Security and Integrity**

We may maintain Personal Data in our databases for so long as we believe it is necessary or beneficial for purposes of developing, providing and improving our services, even indefinitely, except to the extent we are required to remove such Personal Data by applicable law, and except as described above regarding Sensitive Data.  Even after we remove Personal Data from the databases that we use in active operation of our business, some or all of that Personal Data may be retained in our inactive archival backups of those databases.

We exercise reasonable security measures consistent with industry standards to protect against unauthorized access to Personal Data stored in our databases, and to prevent unauthorized use, alteration, corruption or disclosure of that Personal Data.  Personal Data stored in our possession is maintained behind firewalls, and our servers are located within facilities that are subject to physical security measures designed to prevent unauthorized access.

We restrict access to Personal Data to our employees, contractors and agents who need to access that information in order to operate our business in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.  All such personnel are required to treat Personal Data in a manner consistent with this privacy policy, and they are subject to discipline, potentially including termination, if they fail to comply with those requirements.

While we believe our policies and practices regarding information security and integrity are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the security and/or integrity of Personal Data will not be breached or that such Personal Data will not be subject to unauthorized access, alteration, corruption or disclosure.  We review our information security policies and practices periodically and may update them as we determine reasonably necessary to achieve information security and integrity consistent with industry standards.

**Enforcement**

Clarabridge periodically conducts internal reviews and self-assessment of its Privacy Practices to confirm its compliance with this privacy policy.  We will take good faith steps to correct any non-compliance identified in the course of such reviews.

Consumers who believe that Clarabridge may have acted in a manner inconsistent with this privacy policy may contact the Clarabridge via the email address or postal address stated below, and we will exercise good faith efforts to resolve disputes and complaints.

Clarabridge, Inc. participates in the U.S.-E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce. Clarabridge commits to resolve complaints concerning its processing of Personal Data in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles.  
Any Data Subject who has a complaint about Clarabridge’s processing of his/her Personal Data should first contact Clarabridge’s Legal Department by emailing privacy@Clarabridge.com or by calling 571-299-1820.  
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at <https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request>. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website <https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint>, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.

**Contact Information**

Clarabridge welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy.  If you believe that Clarabridge has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact Clarabridge at [privacy@clarabridge.com](mailto:privacy@clarabridge.com), or write to us via postal mail at the following address:

Clarabridge, Inc.  
11400 Commerce Park Dr.  
Suite 500  
Reston, VA  20191  
Corporate Headquarters – USA  
ATTN: Privacy

Changes to This Privacy Policy

This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision, and amendments to this privacy policy shall become effective when we publish the revised policy on the Clarabridge website.  By using or accessing the Clarabridge website, you are agree that we may treat information collected through the website in accordance with the revised privacy policy, including information we may have collected at a prior time when a previous version of this privacy policy was in effect.  If you do not consent to our privacy practices described in the revised version of the privacy policy, do not use the Clarabridge website in any manner, as we will continue to treat previously collected information in accordance with the privacy practices described in the applicable prior version of this privacy policy or as otherwise required be low.  If we revise the privacy policy in such a way that permit substantial changes in the way we use or disclose your Personal Data, we will also make a good faith effort to notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Data to provide us with your most current e-mail address.

This privacy policy was last revised on February 22, 2017.
