> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the marketingmag.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2006-08-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060820233116id_/http%3A//marketingmag.com.au/index.php%3Foption%3Dcom_content%26task%3Dview%26id%3D15%26Itemid%3D31) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Marketing Magazine - PRIVACY POLICY

At Niche, we respect your privacy. We respect the rights of our customers, suppliers and colleagues to decide if, when and how their personal information is used.   


##### Our commitment to privacy is based on:

  * the freedom to visit this website and access information without the need to give us any personal information
  * the choice to give us personal information if – and only if – you wish to access a more tailored online experience



a pledge that any information given is kept safely and securely, using the latest technology and to accepted industry standards.

Your use of this website is deemed to be acceptance of these privacy policies. If you disagree with the policies set out above, and in more detail below, you should not use this website.  
when your information may be requested, and why The Niche Media website is designed to provide visitors with easy online access to information about the products and services we have to offer. It also provides support for our customers and business partners. Much of the content of this site is given freely, and can be viewed anonymously.

However, where a more personalised experience is required – such as secure areas where our business partners can access non-public details – some personal information is required. This is to protect confidential commercial information that we do not wish to share beyond our valued customers, partners and suppliers. It also ensures that those visitors with access to secure areas can be more easily identified, and be provided with a more personalised experience.

  


##### How the information we collect may be used

Any information we collect will never be sold, given or shared with any third party. It will only be used to:

  


  * verify your identity when accessing secure areas of this site.
  * allow us to provide tailored services, such as enewsletters.
  * allow us to better understand the needs of our customers and business partners.
  * allow us to offer special discounts and offers only to those we know have a stated interest in the services or products being offered.



##### The use of ‘cookies’

TEXT: Cookies are text strings generated by our server, and stored on your computer.

Cookies can be used to:

  


  * store passwords, so that there is no need to fill in passwords when re-visiting a site
  * track the effectiveness of advertising on a site
  * monitor the areas of the site that are most visited
  * identify visitors and ensure they are who they say they are – especially when accessing secure areas of a site



The important thing to remember is that cookies are attached to the computer, not to the individual. This means the information is not of a personal nature (unless required as part of an authentication process).

You should be aware that another user accessing the site from the same computer as you may be able to visit secure areas, as a cookie makes no differentiation between users: it simply identifies the computer being used.

If you have any concerns about the use of cookies, you can change the preferences in your browser so that no cookies are accepted, or you are asked before cookies are accepted. Please note that many sites require acceptance of cookies before you can access the information.

  


##### Online Security

Whilst we at Niche Media are committed to protecting your privacy, the nature of the web and the technology it uses is not 100% secure.

Emails and secure areas can be ‘hacked’ by those with the necessary skills.

We do, however, use the latest encryption technology. And firewalls are used to protect the information we hold as securely as is possible.

As and when technology improves, we will make use of newer and more secure methods of encryption and protection.  
your access to the information we hold. We will strive to give you every opportunity to update and access the information we hold.

Where possible, we will give you online access to change and update your details yourself. Where not possible, it may be necessary to contact us directly at Niche Media.

  


##### Unsolicited ‘SPAM’

We will never knowingly send you unsolicited emails (known commonly as ‘SPAM’) when you have not requested them.

When signing up for our enewsletters, you will be given the option of agreeing to us sending you related information about any or all of the products or services we offer. Checking this option means you agree to us sending you emails from time to time, of a marketing or informational kind.

Leaving the option unchecked means we will not include you in any promotional offers or emails.

  


##### How any personal information is stored

We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the information we hold about you is secure, accurate and up to date.

  


##### Links to other sites

Niche Media cannot take responsibility for the privacy policies, conduct or quality of third party websites linked to from this site. Where possible, the content and availability of any sites we have linked to have been checked and read. However, you should check the privacy policies of any third party site before disclosing any personal information.

  


##### Questions or concerns

Please [email us](https://web.archive.org/web/20060820233116id_/http%3A//marketingmag.com.au/general_enquiry.asp) if you have any further questions or concerns about your privacy, and our conduct online.

  

