> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the marriageandgod.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130420054607id_/http%3A//marriageandgod.com/assistance/privacy_statement.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Marriage and God - Privacy Statement

**Welcome to MarriageandGod.com Website (Site) of Global Media Outreach.** When we use the terms "we" "us" or "our", we refer to Global Media Outreach. ("Our Organization").

Please know that we are committed to protecting and appropriately handling the private and personal information of users and visitors to this Site. We are publishing this Privacy Statement to let you know how we handle personal information in this Site. We may, from time-to-time, update this privacy notice so we encourage you to periodically review this policy. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a notice on our site.

**1\. Using this Site.** Please read our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20130420054607id_/http%3A//marriageandgod.com/assistance/terms_of_use.html) (the "Terms of Use") to find out more about the requirements for using this Site.

**2\. Collection and Use of Information.** We take your privacy very seriously. You can visit and enjoy many of our Sites without disclosing any personal information about yourself. There may be times when you will have the opportunity to share limited, personally identifiable information to access or utilize certain features of this Site. We limit our collection of personal information to pertinent information for the activity you choose to undertake. For example, in order for you to make a purchase or donation, we may collect your name, email address, street and billing addresses, phone number, and credit card information. Depending on what you purchase, we may also need to collect other personal information. Generally, we will not disclose or share any visitor information (including your e-mail address) with anyone outside Our Organization without your permission. There may be times that we need to use your information in order to provide you with ministry services or products. For example, we may need to use or share your information with our partners and agents who provide goods and services to you on our behalf. We also may need to share your information with other parts of Our Organization to service your requests or provide you with information or other ministry opportunities. Lastly, we may need to use your information if required for us to comply with legal requirements pertaining to your information or activities, or to enforce our rights as agreed under the Terms of Use. In all such efforts we will take steps to safeguard your information. You agree that by submitting information to this Site you understand and freely consent to allow us to use, store, publish, transmit and process this information at our discretion to provide you with the goods and services you request and to operate this Site and related ministry activities.

**3\. Registering on the Site.** We give visitors to certain Sites the opportunity to register or provide their contact information such as their e-mail address so they can receive updates such as news reports, project or organization reports, opportunities for personal and financial involvement and promotional information. You may also be required to register on the Site to engage in other activities, such as purchases or downloads of materials, services, products, donations, receiving promotions, registering for conferences or activities, or registering for chat rooms or public forums. Personally identifiable information that you provide in these registrations is used consistently with this policy and we will notify you at a particular site if any uses are different than these uses. You can choose not to receive such mailings, or cancel any registrations, by un-subscribing. (See "Opt-In/Opt-Out Communications" below).

**4\. Security.** For Sites that collect information, we typically employ security measures, including technical, administrative, and physical security steps to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. For example, the Site may use a Secured Socket Layer (SSL) server for activities such as order forms, and for users to make donations, download information and materials, and to make purchases online. For this, users need to provide contact information (such as name, postal and e-mail addresses) and financial information (credit card numbers and expiration dates). Information that is collected from a person may be used to verify their qualifications for registration, to bill them for products and services, and for all purposes related to the transaction. These uses could include processing your order, transmitting information to the participating merchant or service provider, and authenticating your purchase(s), and the information you have provided. We also use technology to protect your credit card number when we store your order and whenever we transfer that information to participating merchants or service providers.

We cannot guarantee that the security measures we implement in connection with the operation of the Site will absolutely prevent others from accessing or acquiring any information that you provide while using the Site. You can do some things to help protect the security of your information. For instance, never give out your password since this is what is used to access all of your account information. Also, remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you finish visiting our Site, so that other people using the same computer will not have access to your information.

**5\. Public Forums.** Certain of our Sites may make Forums (as defined in the Terms of Use) available to its registered users. We might operate these Forums or they may be operated by outside groups. We are not responsible for the content posted in any chat rooms or other Forum. Please remember that any information disclosed in any Forum becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information. Also, any information you submit to our Sites is the property of our Sites unless the Site indicates otherwise. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public (in any Forum, message board, or "chat" environment), you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.

**6\. Cookies and Information Collected by Technology.** The Site may use cookies to keep track of website activities, save your password or deliver content specific to your interests. A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience certain interactive features of the Site or access all of the services provided through the Site. The Site may collect some information (such as your IP address) that may not be readily apparent to you that it is being collected. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the Site. Your IP address may also be used to help us identify you and any activity in which you engage. We do keep track of the domains from which people visit us. We analyze this data for trends and statistics, but we do not keep it in a personally identifiable manner.

The Site also uses information collected through technology to make the Site more interesting and useful to you. We normally do not combine this type of information with personally identifiable information. However, we may combine this information with personally identifiable information to identify a visitor in order to enforce compliance with our Terms of Use, or to protect the Site, interests and reputation, guests, and/or others. Demographic and profile data may also be collected at the Site. We can use this data to tailor our visitors' experience at the Site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.

**7\. Third Party Sites and Information.** The Site may contain links to other Web sites that are run by third parties such as other organizations, Sponsors, Content Providers and Advertisers. Once you've clicked on a link or button activator for an outside Site, you will leave the Site and be taken to sites that we do not control, and our privacy policy no longer applies on those sites.

You must read the privacy policy of the third party Web site concerning how personal information will be used. We also provide content created by third-parties on certain of our Sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Content Providers or Third-Party Sites.

**8\. Special Rules for Children.** We do not collect more personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 than is necessary for them to participate in our online or other activities such as registering for a conference or downloading materials. When a child under the age of 13 attempts to register with one of Our Sites, purchase products or materials, or participate in an activity requiring the submittal of personally identifiable information, he or she must have a parent or guardian provide permission and consent for that child to provide information and register. The only personally identifiable information we collect from a child is information that is necessary for the child to participate in some activity, such as an address for making a purchase. We may also collect personal information, like a pet's name, to help visitors (including children) remember their Log-in Name and password if they forget them. We also allow parents to request at any time that the information collected about their child be removed from our database. If you would like to review information about your children that they have provided as registered users, please send such request by e-mail to the e-mail address available through the Site. Please be sure to include your child's log-in name and password.

On certain of our Sites, we occasionally may host or offer access to some chat rooms, or other Forums, where no personally identifiable information is collected or posted. Children can visit these Forums without having to first provide any personally identifiable information.

**9\. Opt-In/Opt-Out Communications.** We may provide visitors to the Site the opportunity to register for services such as signing-up to receive updates from certain parts of Our Organization. Visitors are not obligated to register for these services. Also, you can unsubscribe from any electronic communications from Our Organization. Please contact us to request that we no longer contact you via e-mail or other means using the personal information you have provided at any of the Site.

**10\. Access and Change Information.** The Site may offer different options for accessing, changing and modifying information you previously provided at the Site. To change or update your information, such as donor or customer record (for registered users only), e-mail address, or address, or to stop a duplicate e-mail, please contact us as described below. Make sure to provide your name with both the old and new information.

**11\. Contacting Our Organization.** A link named "Contact" may be provided on pages of Our Site. Please click on this link to send an e-mail to Our Organization's support staff and we will work to ensure your query is answered or passed on to the appropriate person in a timely manner. You can also contact Our Organization about general information of our Site at: [www.globalmediaoutreach.com](http://www.globalmediaoutreach.com/)

**12\. Your California Privacy Rights.** Beginning January 1, 2005 under California's "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2005 will receive information regarding 2004 sharing activities). Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements.
