> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the marriage.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101203070222id_/http%3A//marriage.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | The Wedding and Marriage Network

Marriage.com seeks to provide visitors an informative and entertaining online experience, while respecting their personal privacy. This policy covers how we treat personal information that we collect and receive, including information related to your use of our products and services.Â  Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available. We may use personal information subject to the terms of this privacy policy. Please note this policy applies only to information collected solely by Marriage.com and its subdomains (“Marriage.com” or the “Site”) online, including mobile and other similar wireless devices. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Marriage.com does not control, including affiliates, strategic partners, or business partners.

You may have arrived at this website through a website of one of Marriage.com’s Affiliates or business partners.Â  If so, please be aware that Marriage.com may share information you provide Marriage.com with that third party and that the third party may use the information according to its own privacy policy. Please review the policies of that site. Any information you provide to the third party on its site is governed by the policies of that third party site.

_How we gather information from users._

How we collect and store information depends on the page you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided. You can visit many pages on our site without providing any information. Other pages may prompt you to provide personal information when you register for access to portions of our site, sign up for membership, request certain features (e.g., newsletters, news updates and other products), upload content to our user content areas, or make a purchase. You may also provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests, voting and polling activities, and other interactive areas of our site.

Like most websites, Marriage.com also collects information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider, your internet protocol (“IP”) address, and information provided by and about your browser.Â  We also may use “cookie” technology or other tracking technology for purposes such as storing your user name and password, to spare you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit, or to control the advertising you see on our site. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means. In certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information, for example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but doing so may limit your ability to access certain portions of the site or may require you to re-enter your user name and password. However, we may not be able to customize the site’s features according to your preferences.

_What we do with the information we collect._

We collect information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content and advertising. We may also use personal information collected on Marriage.com to communicate with you regarding our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, site inquiries, products and services offered by Marriage.com and our Affiliates and partners, administration of sweepstakes and contests, processing e-commerce transactions and to request your input or participation in connection with marketing research, user testing or other similar activities. We reserve the right to share this information with our Affiliates and with business partners who may provide services or communicate with you on our behalf.

Personal information collected by Marriage.com may also be used for other purposes including but not limited to site administration and troubleshooting. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service and our newsletter provider, for example), or who provide billing, processing, shipping, promotions management or email management may also have access to information you have provided to complete a function or transaction.

Aggregated Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. For example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive. Aggregated Information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners, but cannot be used to identify or contact you individually.

_Information sharing and disclosure._

We may share personal information about you with our Affiliates. However, we do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with non-Affiliate companies except to provide products and services you’ve requested, when we have permission, or as described in this privacy policy, including under the following circumstances. Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to the types of disclosures listed below.

(1) We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.

(2) We may disclose your information when we believe it necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, and/or to protect our rights and property.

(3) As we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.

The quality information on Marriage.com is supported by advertising revenue.Â  From time to time we send email that advertises our own products and services, and email that advertises the products and services of our advertising partners, to Registered Members who opted in to receiving such advertising email when they registered for a Marriage.com account.Â  In the future, we may allow other advertisers to directly send advertising email to Registered Members who gave us permission by opting in to receiving such email advertising when they registered for a Marriage.com account.

_Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements._

Marriage.com expects its partners, advertisers and third party partners to respect the privacy of our users. However, third parties, including our partners, advertisers, and other content providers accessible through our site, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to our site you may link to, or view as part of a frame on a Marriage.com page, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also, through Marriage.com you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, websites, advertisements, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. Marriage.com is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party.

While you are on our site, our advertisers, promotional partners or other third parties may use cookies, web beacons, or other technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or gather aggregated information about you. For example, some of our advertising is served by third parties and may include cookies that enable the advertiser to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before. Marriage.com does not control the use of this technology or the resulting information and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.

We use persistent and session cookies to analyze and enhance your experience on the Site, and use third party ad technology to serve ads. The data that is collected is the property of Marriage.com, not the third party. We also allow third parties called ad networks or ad servers to serve ads to you on Marriage.com, and to access their own cookies or tracking mechanisms associated with your computer or mobile device.Â  These third parties may use non-personally-identifiable information collected about your visit to this and other websites to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Marriage.com does not have access to the cookies or other tracking mechanisms that may be placed on your computer or associated with your mobile device by third party ad technology, ad servers or ad networks, and use of cookies or other tracking mechanisms by third parties is subject to their privacy policies and not this policy. Those third parties that use cookies and other tracking mechanisms may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting. You may find more information at the website of the individual ad network or the Network Advertising Initiative.

Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. Should you choose to voluntarily disclose personal information on our site, such as in reviews, comments, forums, or in advertising or notices you post, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of Marriage.com and this policy.Â  In addition, if you send us emails, you should be aware that information disclosed in emails may not be secure, possibly making it available to others. While we have security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, we cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any communication transmitted to or from Marriage.com through the Site or e-mail.

_Children._

Marriage.com does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or about children under 13 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any personal information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe Marriage.com has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at the address listed below.

_Your California Privacy Rights_

If you are a California resident, you are entitled by law to request an Information Sharing Disclosure.Â  If you provide notice to the address below, Marriage.com will provide you with a notice of your right to prevent sharing of your personal information as well as a cost-free means of doing so.Â  To receive such a notice, submit a request to [contact@marriage.com](mailto:contact@marriage.com) specifying that you seek your “California Customer Choice Notice.”Â  Please allow thirty days for response.

_Changes to this policy._

Marriage.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
