> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the marriott.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-06-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010603044242id_/http%3A//www.marriott.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Marriott.com Internet Privacy Statement

**_Introduction:_** Marriott has a strong commitment to providing excellent service to all of our customers, including respecting their concerns about privacy. We understand that visitors to our website may have questions about whether and how this website collects and uses information. We have prepared this statement to inform you of the privacy principles that govern Marriott.com (including marriotthotels.com, courtyard.com, residenceinn.com, fairfieldinn.com, conferencecenters.com, ramadahotels.com, execapartments.com, execustay.com, towneplacesuites.com, springhillsuites.com and renaissancehotels.com). Please note that a separate privacy statement and separate terms and conditions apply to the Marriott Rewards program ([http://www.marriottrewards.com/rewards/terms/privacy.asp](https://web.archive.org/rewards/terms/privacy.asp)). 

This statement contains numerous general and technical details about the steps we take to respect your privacy concerns. The bottom line is that the needs and expectations of our customers form the foundation of everything we do – including protecting your privacy.

**_Browsing:_** We have not configured this website to collect any personal information from your computer when browsing this site. This means that, unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us with personal information, we will not know your name, your e-mail address, or any other information identifiable to you.

**_Internet Protocol (IP) Address:_** An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer every time you browse the Internet. When users request a page from our site, our servers log the user’s current IP address. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems. We do not link IP addresses to any personal information about you. 

**_Cookies:_** Our website uses "cookie" technology. "Cookies" are strings of text that a website stores on a user's computer. Cookies enable a website to keep track of a user's preferences and activities relating to that website. Our website creates and uses a temporary cookie throughout the online reservation process. In addition, a temporary cookie is used to "remember" the purchases of gift certificates that you place in the "shopping basket" for that visit, to customize the appearance of our website based on the hotel brand you initially sought to visit (i.e., based on the website address you initially typed in), or to prevent the same user from making repeated enrollments in our Marriott Rewards program (see <http://www.marriottrewards.com/rewards/terms/default.asp> for the specific terms and conditions and privacy statement that apply to that program). The temporary cookie expires at the end of the session. If you choose to create a personal profile and select the option to have your user name and password automatically remembered, a permanent cookie will be placed on your computer. This permanent cookie does not expire unless you deactivate your personal profile.

In addition, the service providers (DoubleClick and Advertising.com) we use to serve and host our advertisements use cookies to track the number of times Marriott.com is accessed and whether the site was accessed from an advertisement. The cookie generated from the advertisement does not contain any personal information and may remain on your hard drive until it is deleted by you.

If you do not wish to receive these cookies, you may set your browser to reject the cookies (consult the instructions for your particular browser on how to do this), although doing so may affect your ability to perform certain transactions on our website. You can also opt-out of the DoubleClick cookie at <http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/opt-out.asp> or opt-out of the Advertising.com cookie at <http://www.advertising.com/privacy/opt_out2.html>.

**_Pixel Tags:_** The third party advertising companies mentioned above serve and host Marriott advertisements on other sites. To track the effectiveness of Marriott advertisements on other sites, Marriott.com uses pixel tags (also known as "clear gifs", "beacon gifs", "1-by-1 gifs", or "web bugs"). Pixel tags are not visible to the user of the site and consist of a few lines of computer coding. If you are visiting Marriott.com from an advertisement on another site, the pixel tag references the cookie you received when you clicked on the advertisement. The pixel tag then registers this activity with the third party advertising company to allow us to count the number of times an advertisement is accessed. At no time is personal information about you or your reservation collected by the third party advertising company, nor is any tracking information generated from the pixel tag allowed to be used by them for any other purpose other than to report web site activity to us. If a user accesses Marriott.com directly, the third party advertising companies may assign a cookie but any information associated with the cookie from your activity on Marriott.com is discarded because there is no corresponding cookie from a Marriott advertisement on another site.

**_Information Needed to Execute the Transaction You Request:_** When we need to collect information from you, we will ask you to voluntarily supply us with the information we need. For example, if you would like to make a reservation at one of our hotels, we will ask you for information such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card type, credit card number, expiration date and room preference (non-smoking room or no preference) to process your reservation. We will use your e-mail address to send a confirmation and, if necessary, might use the other information to contact you for help to process the reservation. The same type of information would be requested to complete a gift certificate transaction.

We may also ask you to fill out an online customer survey, to obtain your suggestions or comments about your use of Marriott services, or for similar purposes. Providing this information is voluntary and it is used only for the purpose for which the information was collected and is not used for direct marketing or shared with other companies.

**_Securing the Transmission and Storage of Information_** _:_ When we ask you for personal data when making a reservation or purchasing a gift certificate, including your name, address and credit card data, it is transferred over a Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) line provided you are using a SSL enabled browser such as Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator. This ensures that your information is encrypted as it travels over the Internet. This secure mode is enabled before any such information is transmitted from your computer. You will know you are in secure mode when the padlock icon in the lower right-hand or left-hand corner of the computer screen appears in the locked position. In addition, when accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https." After information reaches Marriott it is stored on a secure server that resides behind a firewall that is designed to block access from outside the Company.

**_Personal Profile Information You Provide:_** At your sole choice, you can create a personal profile containing information such as your preferred Marriott hotel brands, frequently visited cities, interests (e.g., golf, tennis), whether you travel with children or travel with pets. Creating a personal profile makes it more convenient for you to make reservations by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter personal information. It will allow us to inform you about products and special offers that may be of interest to you. In addition, if you elect, you can include credit card information in your profile. Your credit card information will be used for subsequent reservations to increase reservation speed and eliminate the need for you to repeatedly enter your credit card information.

**_Accessing, Changing and Deactivating Your Personal Profile:_** You can access and review, update or deactivate your personal profile information. If you deactivate your personal profile and are a Marriott Rewards member, all information not already required and stored as a condition of membership will be deleted. If you are not a Marriott Rewards member and deactivate your personal profile all information you submitted to create the profile will be deleted.

**_E-Mail_ _Opt-In_ :** If you elect, we will occasionally contact you via e-mail and provide information about products and offerings that may be of interest to you such as new hotel openings and/or the promotions of our travel partners. We use a third-party e-mail service provider to send e-mails. This service provider is prohibited from using your e-mail address for any purpose other than to send a Marriott related e-mail. E-mails you receive do contain pixel tags (see description above) that help us to send the e-mail in a format you can read, to allow us to track the aggregate number of e-mails read and to measure in aggregate if any of the links in the e-mail were accessed. No other information is collected or used from pixel tags.

**_Marriott Use of Information:_** We treat the information you provide to us as confidential information; it is, accordingly, subject to our company's security procedures and strict corporate policies regarding protection and use of confidential information. Because laws applicable to personal information vary by country, our hotels or other business operations may put in place additional measures that vary depending on the applicable legal requirements. Information is generally processed and stored in the United States, in which data protection laws are not as comprehensive as in the European Union.

The personal information you provide to us for making a reservation is made available to the applicable hotel for the purpose of meeting your reservation request. If you cancel your reservation, the information is stored for recordkeeping purposes only and is not accessed again. After completing your stay at a Marriott hotel, the information you provide may be used by us for direct marketing of a Marriott hotel, other Marriott products or business partner products. Marriott may use the services of a third party mail house for the sole purpose of mailing materials. 

**_Disclosure of Information to Third Parties:_** Marriott prohibits the sale or transfer of personal information to entities outside of the Marriott family of companies and hotels for their use without your approval and giving you the opportunity to opt-out.

**_Links to Other Sites_ :** If you choose to leave this Marriott site via links to other non-Marriott sites, including those of advertisers, Marriott is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of those sites, nor is Marriott responsible for the cookies those sites use.

**_Legal Issues:_** Marriott will disclose personal information without your permission when required by law or in good faith belief if such action is necessary or desirable to comply with the law, protect or defend the rights or property of Marriott, this site or its users.

**_Marriott.com Privacy Statement Changes:_** In the future, we may need to change the privacy statement for Marriott.com. All changes will be made here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.

**_How to Contact Us:_** If you have any questions about this privacy statement or privacy concerns please send an e-mail to informationprotection@marriott.com

**_Conclusion:_** Your privacy concerns are important to us. We hope this privacy statement has been helpful to you.
