> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the marthastewartweddings.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-08-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040829030113id_/http%3A//marthastewartweddings.com/page.jhtml%3Ftype%3Dpage-cat%26id%3Dcat672%26navLevel%3D3%26navHistory%3D) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

  | 

Effective as of: October 16, 2001

The marthastewart.com Web site (the “Site”) is maintained by Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc. (“MSO,” “us,” “our,” or “we”). Our address is 11 West 42nd Street, New York, New York 10036. We can also be reached by e-mail at mstewart@marthastewart.com. Our data collection and use policies with respect to the Site are set forth in this statement (“Policy”). By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this Policy.

**Special note concerning children**  
We encourage parents to use the Site with their children. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has provided personally identifiable information to the Site, we will promptly remove such information from its files. **Definitions**  
When reviewing this Policy you should understand that when we use the term “personally identifiable information” we mean any information that can be used to identify or contact a specific individual, such as a name, address, telephone number or e-mail address. When we refer to “aggregate information” we mean information that does not allow us to identify or contact a specific individual but describes a general category of information about visitors to the Site, such as demographics, purchase categories (e.g., home furnishings), or visitors using a particular browser to access the Site. **What types of personally identifiable information does MSO collect on the Site?**  
We collect various types of personally identifiable information from visitors to the Site. For instance, visitors may choose to become a member of the Site (“Member”) in order to participate in certain activities on the Site and enjoy special benefits offered only to Members. To become a Member, visitors are required to sign in by providing their name, postal address, and e-mail address. They will also be asked to create a Member Name and password. Personally identifiable information may also be requested in connection with a sweepstakes or other game, survey or other activities on the Site.

Visitors who wish to purchase products from the Site will also be asked to provide their shipping and/or delivery (if different from the postal address) addresses, telephone number and credit card information.

Members who choose to participate in the “Share” section of the Site will have the opportunity to share ideas and thoughts about various topics with other Members. Use of Share is governed by the Site’s [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/page.jhtml?type=page-cat&id=cat673&navLevel=3&navHistory=). Share is accessible by all Members, and users of this service should be mindful that any information posted to Share will be available to other participating Members. Accordingly, if you choose to participate in Share, please use discretion when posting to this service.

**Can I review or change information I have previously provided to MSO?**  
Yes. If you want to review, correct, or change personal information that you have previously provided to us, please go to the [Your Account](https://web.archive.org/page.jhtml?type=page-cat&id=cat688&navLevel=3&navHistory=) section of the Site, and follow the appropriate instructions. **Does MSO collect any other information about visitors to the Site?**  
We constantly seeks to maintain the integrity of, and make improvements to, the Site. As part of these efforts, we collect and analyze certain information about how visitors use the Site. When you visit our Site, we may collect various types of technical data, which we maintain in both aggregate and personally identifiable forms. This data includes (but is not limited to) domain and/or Web browser information. We may track which Web site you visited before arriving at the Site and the Web site you link to when you leave the Site. We may also keep a record of which pages of the Site you visit, and how long you spend on each page.  
We also use “cookies” on the Site. Cookies are small pieces of information that our server places on a visitor’s computer hard drive to enable that person to more easily communicate and interact with the Site and to provide us with important information on how visitors use the Site. For example, we will place a cookie on a visitor’s computer when he/she visits the Site. The next time that person visits the Site using the same computer, our server will recognize the cookie and the visitor. We will also use cookies to collect information about a Member who visits the Site without signing-in (or who signs-out but continues visiting the Site).  
Many Web browsers are automatically set to accept cookies. You may change your browser settings to either reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is about to be placed on your computer. Please note, however, that rejecting cookies while visiting the Site may result in certain parts of the Site not operating correctly or as efficiently as if they were allowed. **What does MSO do with information collected on the Site?**  
We will use personally identifiable information provided by visitors to fulfill the purpose for which such information was provided, as described in this Policy, and as disclosed at the time the visitor information is requested. For example, personal information will be used to provide visitors with product and service information tailored to each such visitor’s interests based on such visitor’s previous activities on the Site. Order information will be used to fulfill customer orders. We may also use postal address information provided by visitors to send them, among other things, MSO product catalogs and magazine offers. Additionally, we may use information about your activities on the Site, your purchases, and your computer equipment to improve the performance of our Site, and to customize the content and layout of our Site pages for you. We may supplement personally identifiable and aggregate information collected from the Site with similar information obtained from our affiliates, companies with whom we have marketing or other business relationships, and other third party sources.

We may offer visitors the opportunity to receive special promotions from us and other companies. If a visitor elects to receive such offers (or does not indicate a preference not to receive such information), we will use the information provided by that visitor to send those offers.

We use aggregate information collected on the Site to evaluate how the Site is being used. This information does not contain any information that may be personally identified with a specific individual. For example, we may collect and analyze information about how many visitors arrived at certain pages of the Site, how long they stayed on those pages, and where they went afterwards. This information allows us to determine which pages might be the most interesting to and popular with visitors and enables us to provide visitors with a better and richer experience on the Site.  
We also use personally identifiable information and aggregate information for a variety of marketing and promotional purposes. For instance, we may use information gleaned from your use of the Site or the purchases you make to inform you of new areas of the Site and product specials. This information may also be used to assist companies with whom we have marketing or other business relationships to display advertising or product placements of ours and of those companies that may be of interest to you.

**Can I “opt-out” of receiving e-mail promotions from MSO?**  
Yes. You may choose not to receive promotional emails or newsletters from us by (A) following the “unsubscribe” instructions in the specific e-mail from which you wish to opt-out, (B) visiting the [Your Account](https://web.archive.org/page.jhtml?type=page-cat&id=cat688&navLevel=3&navHistory=) section of the Site and following the appropriate instructions, or (C) sending an e-mail to offlist@marthastewart.com, specifying the particular e-mails list(s) from which you wish to be removed. We will respond to a request made pursuant to these methods as promptly as practicable. Even if you elect to stop receiving promotional e-mails from us, we may still contact you to tell you important information about us or the Site. **Does MSO share visitor information with other companies?**  
We will not intentionally share your personally identifiable information with unaffiliated entities (i) except as described in this Policy or as disclosed at the time your personally identifiable information is provided, or (ii) without your consent. We do, however, share aggregate information about Members and visitors to our Site with third parties and we share visitor and Member personally identifiable information with companies with whom we have a marketing or other business relationship. 

We use an email delivery and marketing company to send emails that you have agreed to receive. Pixel tags and cookies are used in those email messages and at our website to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site. For more information about the technology used to deliver our emails, or how to set your browser to reject cookies, please [click here](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/email/default.asp?asp_object_1=&). 

We may also disclose personally identifiable information and aggregate information in order to (1) comply with applicable laws, (2) respond to governmental inquiries, (3) comply with valid legal process, and (4) protect the rights or property of MSO.  
In the event there is a change in the corporate structure of MSO such as, but not limited to, merger, consolidation, sale, liquidation, or transfer of substantial assets, MSO may, in its sole discretion, transfer, sell or assign information collected on and through this Site, including without limitation, personally identifiable information and aggregate information concerning visitors, to one or more affiliated or unaffiliated third parties.

Certain activities and services available on the Site are provided by third parties. For example, if you choose to purchase a product from us, we may use an outside vendor to process and ship the order to you. In this instance, we would need to provide your shipping address to this entity. We may also utilize an outside e-mail service provider to send our e-mails, in which case we would need to provide your e-mail address to this vendor.

**If I link to another Web site and provide information to that Web site, how will that information be handled?**  
This Site may contain links to other Web sites. If you link to another Web site, you will leave this Site and this Policy will not apply to your use of, and activities on, those other Web sites. We encourage you to read the legal notices posted on those other Web sites, including their privacy policies. We shall have no responsibility or liability for your visitation to, and the data collection and use practices of, those Web sites. **How does MSO protect the information I provide to the Site?**  
We take reasonable precautions to safeguard information transmitted between visitors and the Site and information stored on our servers. We use Secured Socket Layers encryption for the transmission of data to our servers during member sign in and order check out. Despite these efforts, however, we may be unable to prevent and shall not be responsible for unauthorized access to such information by third parties. **Where will MSO store and maintain information about me?**  
We maintain this Site in the United States. By providing personal and other information to this Site, visitors understand and consent to the collection and processing of such information in, and the transfer of such information to, the United States and other countries or territories, in accordance with the terms of this Policy.> **Can MSO change this Policy?**  
Yes. We reserve the right to change this Policy in order to address future developments of MSO or the Site or changes in industry or legal trends. Depending on the nature of the change, we will either announce the change (1) on the home page of the Site, (2) provide such notice via e-mail to Members, customers, and others who provide us with their e-mail address, or (3) take such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances. By continuing to use the Site following an announcement of any change, you will be deemed to have agreed to such change. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or part, please do not continue using this Site.  
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please feel free to contact us at mstewart@marthastewart.com. Thanks for visiting!  


|   |  
