> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the martinjetpack.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181225220034id_/http%3A//www.martinjetpack.com/Privacy-Policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY

**PRIVACY POLICY**

**Date of Last Revision: 18 June 2018**

This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for [www.martinjetpack.com](http://www.martinjetpack.com/) and how we collect, use and disclose personal information about you. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the Martin Aircraft Company Shop website, <http://www.shop.martinjetpack.com/>, which has its own Privacy Policy available at <http://www.shop.martinjetpack.com/privacy-policy>

**1\. Information Collected**

We collect personal information in the form of your name, email address and location as provided by you when you sign up for our newsletter or initiate a query through the Contact Us form on our website. We also automatically collect some information each time you visit our website for analytical purposes. In all cases we will only collect your personal information through lawful means.

**2\. Information Usage**

Any personal information collected by us is used to provide you with services or information or to help us improve your experience of our website. This includes providing you with information you’ve requested from us (like product information or news updates) or information we are required to send to you. Data collected for analytical purposes is anonymous and is solely used to analyse your use of our website and to thereby enable improvements to the site.

**3\. Third Parties**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB>.

In addition, Martin Aircraft Company makes use of MailChimp by Rocket Science Group LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA to manage its newsletter subscribers and to keep our followers informed of product changes or updates. This information is provided to us via the _Keep Up To Date_ form on our website and includes an email address and location that are manually entered into the MailChimp system. Occasionally we may receive an email containing a subscription request. In these cases the name and address of the party who put forward the request may be captured as well as their email and location information. A copy of all requests whether via the form or by direct email are stored on our mail server in a dedicated MailChimp folder. When a person unsubscribes from our newsletter, this email is deleted.

With the help of Mailchimp we can analyse our newsletter campaigns. When you open an email sent with Mailchimp, a file contained in the email connects to the Mailchimp servers in the USA. This allows you to determine whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links have been clicked. In addition, technical information is recorded (e.g. time of registration, IP address, browser type and operating system). This information cannot be assigned to the respective newsletter recipient. They are used exclusively for statistical analysis of newsletter campaigns. The results of these analyses can be used to better adapt future newsletters to the interests of the recipients.

If you do not want Mailchimp to analyse your data, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter. For this purpose, we provide a respective link in every newsletter.

Details on Mailchimp and its privacy policy can be found at https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/

**4\. Opt Out**

You can withdraw your consent to the storage of your data at any time by using the link in our newsletters or emails to unsubscribe or by directly emailing the Martin Aircraft Company with your request. In the event of withdrawing the consent, we will no longer process and will delete your stored data.

**5\. Correction and Completion of Data**

You have the right to demand that we correct any incorrect personal data concerning you. You may also update or change or add to your information at any time by emailing us as laid out in Clause 9.

**6\. Protection of Your Personal Information**

We will protect all personal information that we obtain in accordance with this privacy policy by taking appropriate physical, technical and organisational measures.

**7\. External Website Links**

Martin Aircraft Company may provide links to third party websites on its site. Currently this is limited to the website of our majority shareholder, KuangChi Science. We do not necessarily endorse all third party websites nor do we accept any responsibility for the privacy policies of these external websites. External third party websites may have their own privacy policies that you should review prior to using such sites.

**8\. Changes to this Policy**

Martin Aircraft Company may from time to time make changes to this privacy policy that will become effective once posted to our website. It is your responsibility to check the Policy regularly and ensure you are familiar with its terms.

**9\. Contact**

f you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at

Martin Aircraft Company

http://www.shop.martinjetpack.com

39 Ballarat Way Wigram 8025 Christchurch New Zealand

+6433778584

enquiries@martinaircraft.co.nz
