> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the marvelkids.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130522155014id_/http%3A//marvelkids.marvel.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Marvel Kids: The Official Site - Privacy

_Last Updated: April 1, 2012_

**Marvel Web Site Privacy Policy**   
This Privacy Policy governs your use of the web sites published and maintained by Marvel Entertainment, LLC., with offices located at 135 West 50th Street, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10020 ("Marvel," "we," "us," "our," or other similar pronouns) including marvel.com and www.marvelkids.com (each, a "Web Site"). By visiting this Web Site, and/or using the services offered on or through this Web Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy as they may be amended from time to time. As we update and expand our Web Site, this Privacy Policy may change, so check back to this page from time to time. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and part of, the Marvel Web Site [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms), which governs your use of this Web Site in general. 

**Summary**   
It is Marvel's policy to respect and protect the privacy of visitors to this Web Site. Accordingly, Marvel DOES NOT extract, without permission, Personal Information (as defined below) about its visitors or their computer at any time while on Marvel's Web Site, except for Personal Information that is actively provided by such visitors through registration, logging in and out, online forms or other means. Marvel will, however, analyze information about our visitors as a group to make our Web Site better, but visitors are not individually identified when we do this. 

When dealing with children who we have knowledge are under the age of 13, Marvel follows stringent guidelines that prohibit the sharing of Personal Information with any third parties, except in limited circumstances such as our service providers who use such information on our behalf. Our privacy policies regarding children are outlined in Marvel's Parental Consent Policy section below. 

This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us, or that we may obtain, other than through our Web Site, such as by phone, through postal mail and through other live and print mediums. 

This Web Site is intended for users who are located in the United States of America. This Privacy Policy shall be interpreted under the laws of the United States, regardless of the location of individual users. 

You have the right to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your Personal Information. See the "Right to Opt Out" section below for further details. 

**Your California Privacy Rights**   
The following applies to California residents who have an established business relationship with Marvel. If we collect Personal Information from you, and you have not specifically opted out in accordance with the Right to Opt Out section in this Privacy Policy, we may make that Personal Information available our affiliated companies, or to other third parties who have products or services that we believe will be of interest to you, for their marketing and promotional purposes. If you later decide that you do not want us to share your Personal Information with these companies for their marketing and promotional purposes, visit our marketing preferences Web page at https://subscriptions.marvel.com/user/control_panel or by sending an e-mail to onlinesupport@marvel.com. In this e-mail, please say whether: (i) you would like to opt-out of receiving promotional correspondence from Marvel in general, or just via e-mail, postal mail, short message service (SMS), instant messaging, and/or by phone, (ii) you would only like to opt-out of certain of Marvel's e-newsletters or correspondence, and if so which ones, and/or (iii) you would like to elect for Marvel not to share your Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes. You may also opt-out of Marvel's promotional e-mails by clicking on an opt-out link within the e-mail you receive. Your opt out request will be processed within thirty (30) days of the date on which we receive it. For more information on how your Personal Information is collected, used and shared, please read the remainder of this Privacy Policy. 

**What We Collect**   
Marvel may collect a variety of statistical data about its Web Site visitors. This data includes the source IP address (as further described below in the "IP Address and Clickstream Data" section) of the visitor, the time of visit, the areas of the site visited and information about browser, operating system and other system parameters. As of the date of this Privacy Policy, none of this information is used to personally identify any individual visitor, and is used solely for the purposes of analyzing overall traffic and usage patterns. However, Marvel reserves the right to begin matching such usage data with an individual's Personal Information subsequent to the date of this Privacy Policy. 

In order to make your visits to our Web Site and use of the services available on or through our Web Site as worthwhile as possible, Marvel may also collect Personal Information about its visitors, but only when a visitor provides such Personal Information to us in the process of ordering subscriptions, entering contests or sweepstakes, signing up for our newsletter(s), using our "Feedback" feature, registering with the Web Site or using other services available on or through our Web Site. The information that you give us and information about your order, purchases or other activities on the Web Site may be combined with other Personal Information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources. "Personal Information" includes, for example, names, postal addresses, e-mail addresses, wireless addresses, age, credit card and other payment information, demographic information, purchase history, subscription information and/or other information that may identify you as an individual or allow online or offline contact with you as an individual. This information is used by Marvel to fulfill your requests and for marketing and research purposes. This information may also be shared with other marketers to bring you offers of interest. If you prefer that we do not share your name and address with other marketers, please see the Right to Opt Out section below. Certain areas of Marvel's Web Site will require user registration in order to gain access; once you register with the Marvel Web Site to use that content, you will no longer be anonymous to us. 

**Right to Opt Out**   
You have the right to "opt-out" of certain of our uses of your Personal Information. For example, at the time you are requested to provide Personal Information on this Web Site, you may have the opportunity to elect to, or not to: (1) receive correspondence from us, or (2) have your Personal Information shared with other entities (outside of Marvel) for their marketing purposes. You may also make this request by visiting our marketing preferences Web page at https://subscriptions.marvel.com/user/control_panel or by sending an e-mail to onlinesupport@marvel.com. In this e-mail, please say whether: (i) you would like to opt-out of receiving promotional correspondence from Marvel in general, or just via e-mail, postal mail, short message service (SMS), instant messaging, and/or by phone, (ii) you would only like to opt-out of certain of Marvel's e-newsletters or correspondence, and if so which ones, and/or (iii) you would like to elect for Marvel not to share your Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes. You may also opt-out of Marvel's promotional e-mails by clicking on an opt-out link within the e-mail you receive. 

Please understand that if you opt-out of receiving correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us. Also, a request to have us stop sharing your Personal Information with other entities for marketing purposes will only apply as of the date of your request, and we will not be responsible for any communications that you may receive from entities that received your Personal Information prior to such request. In these cases, please contact that entity directly. 

**Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies**   
Marvel may use "cookie" technology to enhance a visitor's online experience by making it easier to navigate through our Web Site or to make an activity work better. 

Cookies are small pieces of information or data files that are sent through your browser or related software from a Web server and are stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies may be used to track where you travel on our Web Site and what you look at and purchase, and they allow a computer to "remember" information from our Web Site for future use. The use of cookies is an industry standard and is practiced by most major Web sites. Cookies alone tell us nothing about who you are, but they may enable us to relate your use of our Web Site to other information, including your Personal Information, which you have provided to us when you registered or performed other activities while visiting our Web Site. All of these purposes serve to enhance your experience while using our services in the ways described below. 

Most Web browsers can be set to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie. Additionally, if you have a Flash player installed on your computer, your Flash player can be set to reject or delete Flash cookies. However, refusing a cookie may, in some cases, preclude you from using, or negatively impact the display or function of, the Web Site or certain areas or features of the Web Site. 

We also may use "clear GIFs" (aka "Web beacons" or "pixel tags") or similar technologies, in the Web Site and/or in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a Web page or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a Web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual's viewing or receipt of a Web page or message. A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a Web page or message to other information about you, including your Personal Information. 

We may use cookies and other tracking technologies in a variety of ways, including: 

Keeping count of return visits to our Web Site or our advertisers' or partners' sites   
Accumulating and reporting anonymous, aggregate (data collected in mass), statistical information on website and advertisement usage   
Determining which features our customers like best   
Saving your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our Web Site 

**IP Address and Clickstream Data**   
Our server automatically collects data about your server's Internet address when you visit us. This information, known as an Internet Protocol address, or IP Address, is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you're on the Internet. When you request pages from our Web Site, our servers may log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another Web site or a search engine); the pages you visit on this Web Site; the Web site you visit after this Web Site; the ads you see and/or click on; other information about the type of Web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this Web Site or a referral site; and other Web usage activity and data logged by our Web servers. We use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web Site. Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider. We reserve the right to link this information with your Personal Information. 

Any or all of these activities with regard to Web site usage information (i.e., information gathered through the use of cookies, Web bugs and clickstream data) may be performed on our behalf by our services providers. 

**How Marvel Uses Personal Information**   
Personal Information is used to enhance and custom-tailor each user's experience on the Web Site. Such information may be used to determine what site content is of interest to which users, what types of e-mail newsletters and other communications are appropriate for individual users, and to identify user-generated content such as message board postings, votes in online polls and participation in online games. Such information will also be used, for example, to process your orders, respond to your requests and inquiries and provide you with the services and features offered on or through our Web Site. 

Marvel may also use Personal Information to maintain our internal record keeping. We reserve the right to match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including both Personal Information and Web Site usage information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources. In addition, we may send you notices (for example, in the form of e-mails, mailings, and the like), and otherwise correspond with you, about products, services, companies and events, sponsored by us and others, that we think might interest you. You may opt-out of receiving such notices from us by following the instructions in the Right to Opt Out section above. 

In addition, Marvel may use Personal Information to generate aggregate data about our Web Site's visitors. 

**Send-to-a-Friend**   
Visitors to the Web Site can send electronic postcards, and can forward information about areas and/or services available on or through the Web Site, to their friends. In order to do this, visitors are asked to provide only their first name and their friend's first name and e-mail address, all of which are deleted once the postcard is sent. 

**Requests For Feedback**   
Marvel may request feedback from visitors to the Web Site regarding an activity or piece of content on the Web Site. Such feedback is used for internal purposes only. 

**Correspondence and Newsletters**   
Marvel uses automated e-mail systems to e-mail newsletters and to collect and answer correspondence from our visitors. Marvel tries to make it easy for visitors to contact us and we provide easy instructions on our Web Site on how you can either edit Personal Information previously given (such as your address) or opt out of receiving any automated messages generated by Marvel. For more information on opting out, please see the Right to Opt Out section above. Should you have a technical problem doing this please contact onlinesupport@marvel.com. 

How Marvel Shares Information Collected Online Marvel may sell, rent or give a visitor's Personal Information to any third party so long as the visitor has not, at the time the Personal Information is collected or thereafter, specifically opted out from receiving offers or other information from third parties, in accordance with the Right to Opt Out section in this Privacy Policy. Notwithstanding the above, Marvel may, however, share aggregate information about users of our Web Site, such as overall patterns or demographic reports that do not describe or identify any individual user, with our advertisers, business partners, sponsors and certain others, as further described herein. As mentioned above, this aggregate information is used to develop, improve and customize Marvel's Web Site to better serve visitors to our Web Site. 

**Public Forums**   
When you contribute to a public area or feature of our Web Site, such as a chat room, bulletin board, list serve, blog, wiki or other open forum that we may make available on or through our Web Site, the information that you submit will be made available to the general public. For this reason, we recommend that you do not submit any sensitive information, including your full name, home address, phone number, other information that would enable other users to locate you, or financial information on these areas of our Web Site. Instead, you should make up a username that does not disclose your personal identity. 

**Third Party Offers**   
Unless visitors have specifically opted out in accordance with the Right to Opt Out section in this Privacy Policy, we may provide visitors an opportunity to receive offers from other entities (outside of Marvel) who have services, products and offers that we think might be of interest to you. Additionally, we may from time to time provide your Personal Information to these entities so that they may send you these offers. If you change your mind and no longer want us to share your Personal Information with these types of third parties, follow the instructions to opt-out in the Right to Opt Out section above. Co-sponsored Contests, Sweepstakes and Offerings 

Some of our contests, sweepstakes and other offerings may be co-sponsored by another company. In those situations, we may share the information we obtain from you in connection with such contest, sweepstake or offering with our co-sponsor, unless you instruct us not to by following the instructions in the Right to Opt Out section above. In those situations, our co-sponsors will have the right to use your information for their own purposes, in accordance with their own policies. We are not responsible for how our co-sponsors may use your information. 

**Service Providers**   
We may use third party partners to help operate our Web Site and deliver our products and services, and may share your information with our affiliates, service providers and other third parties that provide products or services for or through this Web Site or for our business (such as Web site or database hosting companies, address list hosting companies, e-mail service providers, analytics companies, distribution companies, fulfillment companies, and other similar service providers that use such information on our behalf). 

**Legally Compelled Disclosures**   
We may disclose user information to government authorities, and to other third parties when compelled to do so by government authorities, at our discretion, or otherwise as required or permitted by law, including but not limited to in response to court orders and subpoenas. We also may disclose user information when we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, other users of the Web Site, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may also report information about your account to credit bureaus. Late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report. 

**Business Transfer**   
In the event that Marvel, or substantially all of its assets, are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, Personal Information may be one of the transferred assets. 

**Third Party Ad Servers**   
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site, including, without limitation, DoubleClick. These companies may use information (generally not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies may employ cookies and clear gifs to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and clear gifs is generally not personally identifiable (unless, for example, you provide personally identifiable information to them through an ad or e-mail message). We encourage you to read these businesses' privacy policies if you should have any concerns about how they will care for your Personal Information. If you would like more information on DoubleClick's privacy practices, please visit [http://www.doubleclick.com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy](https://web.archive.org/redirect?to=www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/&m=84a36d1f7149c65c9cc0e0fa29595af9). If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, see the Network Advertising Initiative's consumer Web site at [http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/](https://web.archive.org/redirect?to=www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/&m=84a36d1f7149c65c9cc0e0fa29595af9)

**Wireless Addresses**   
If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address, you agree to receive messages at such address from Marvel (unless and until you have elected not to receive such messages by following the instructions in the Right to Opt Out section above). You understand that your wireless carrier's standard or premium rates apply to these messages, and that you may change your mind at any time by following the instructions in the Right to Opt Out section above. You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges. 

**Short Message Service**   
Marvel may make available a service through which you can receive messages on your wireless device via short message service ("SMS Service"). If you subscribe to one of our SMS Services, you thereby agree to receive SMS Service messages at the address you provide for such purposes. 

You understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates apply to these messages, and that you may change your mind at any time by following the instructions in the Right to Opt Out section above. You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device you use to sign up for the SMS Service, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges. To use the SMS Service, you must be of majority in the state in which you legally reside (and at least 18 years of age) and reside in the United States. You must first register and provide all required Personal Information, which may include, for example, your name, SMS address, wireless carrier and, if fees are applicable to the SMS Service you subscribe to, billing information (either your credit card information or mobile service carrier information if applicable fees will be billed through your carrier). We may also obtain the date, time and content of your messages in the course of your use of the SMS Service. We will use the information we obtain in connection with our SMS Service in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If fees are charged to your wireless account invoice, we may provide your carrier with your applicable information in connection therewith. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies. 

You acknowledge and agree that the SMS Service is provided via wireless systems which use radios (and other means) to transmit communications over complex networks. We do not guarantee that your use of the SMS Service will be private or secure, and we are not liable to you for any lack of privacy or security you may experience. You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the SMS Service. We may also access the content of your account and/or wireless account with your carrier for the purpose of identifying and resolving technical problems and/or service-related complaints. 

By signing up for the SMS Service, you consent to receiving, from time to time, further SMS Service messages for which your carrier will charge you at the applicable rates, that may include news, promotions and offers, unless and until you have opted-out of these activities by following the instructions in the Right to Opt Out section above. 

**Advertisers and Third Party "Linked-To" Web Sites**   
Marvel may include advertisements and/or links to Web sites operated by third parties that are not sponsors and are not affiliated with Marvel. Marvel tries to make sure that when there are links off the Web Site, they are working and lead visitors to interesting, fun and informative areas. However, it is hard to guarantee what exactly is presented on other Web sites or where links elsewhere may lead. Marvel is not responsible for the content, practices, or information provided or requested on Web sites operated by third parties. Further, advertisements on and links to or from Marvel.com do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by Marvel of the content, policies, practices or products or services offered on these Web sites. 

Parents/guardians should check each Web site's privacy policy and terms of use in order to understand their policies and practices regarding the collection and use of personally identifiable information. Marvel also suggests that parents/guardians review the privacy policies of all Web sites that their children visit, including those Web sites linking to or from the Marvel Web Site. Information provided to those web sites will be subject to the privacy policy posted at that web site. 

**Security**   
The importance of security for all Personal Information associated with visitors to our Web Site is of utmost concern to us. Marvel exercises great care and implements a variety of technologies in an effort to help make the Marvel Web Site secure against unauthorized access and to protect the Personal Information visitors choose to provide to us. Marvel periodically reviews and updates these measures. Unfortunately, due to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications vehicle, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure, and Marvel cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our system or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. As a result, while Marvel strives to protect a visitor's Personal Information, Marvel cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us or from our online products or services, and a visitor does so at his/her own risk. Marvel uses the industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption when credit card information is transmitted to us. 

If you contact us by e-mail or a "contact us" or similar feature on our Web site, you should be aware that your transmission might not be secure. A third party could view information you send by these methods in transit. 

You may be able to create an account on our Web Site with a username and password. If so, you are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password, and you shall be responsible for any access to or use of the Web Site by you or any person or entity using your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by or on behalf of you, and whether or not such person or entity is your employee or agent. You agree to (a) immediately notify Marvel of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. It is your sole responsibility to control the dissemination and use of your password, control access to and use of your account, and notify Marvel when you desire to cancel your account on this Web Site. We will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision. 

We will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission. 

In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your Personal Information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail. You consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please e-mail us at onlinesupport@marvel.com with the alternative contact information you wish to be used. 

**Review and deletion of personal information**   
You may review and delete the Personal Information about you that is contained in your user account at Marvel at any time. If you would like to review or delete this information, please contact us at: 

Marvel Entertainment LLC.   
Attn: Online Privacy   
135 West 50th Street, 7th Floor   
New York, NY 10020   
[onlinesupport@marvel.com](mailto:onlinesupport@marvel.com)   
Fax: 212-576-8535 

**Phishing**   
With identity theft a continuing problem, it has become increasingly common for unauthorized individuals to send e-mail messages to consumers, purporting to represent a legitimate company such as a bank or on-line merchant, requesting that the consumer provide personal, often sensitive information. Sometimes, the domain name of the e-mail address from which the e-mail appears to have been sent, and the domain name of the web site requesting such information, appears to be the domain name of a legitimate, trusted company. In reality, such sensitive information is received by an unauthorized individual to be used for purposes of identity theft. This illegal activity has come to be known as "phishing." 

If you receive an e-mail or other correspondence requesting that you provide any sensitive information (including your Web Site password or credit card information) via e-mail or to a Web site that does not seem to be affiliated with our Web Site, or that otherwise seems suspicious to you, please do not provide such information, and report such request to us at onlinesupport@marvel.com. 

**Consent to Processing**   
By providing Personal Information to this Web Site, you understand and consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other countries and territories. 

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**   
Marvel reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy, or any other of our policies or practices, at any time, and will notify users of this Web Site by posting such changed or updated Privacy Policy on this page. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to this Web Site. Under certain circumstances, we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Privacy Policy by additional means, such as posting a notice on the front page of our Web Site to sending you an e-mail. 

**Questions, Concerns and Comments**   
Please contact us at [onlinesupport@marvel.com](mailto:onlinesupport@marvel.com) or write to us at: Business & Legal Affairs, Marvel Entertainment, LLC., 135 West 50th Street, 7th Floor, New York, New York, 10020 with any questions regarding Marvel's Privacy Policy. 

**KIDS:**   
Never provide any information about yourself on the Internet without your parent's/guardian's permission. Please read Marvel's Parental Consent Policy (see below) with your parents/guardians before you go any further. Where legally required, Marvel requires your parent's/guardian's written (or electronic) permission for children who we have knowledge are under age thirteen (13) to provide us with certain Personal Information required to get the Marvel newsletter(s), order subscriptions, enter certain clubs, etc., or participate in other activities and/or services available on or through the Web Site. 

**MARVEL'S PARENTAL CONSENT POLICY**   
Special notice for users under the age of thirteen and their parents: Marvel has created the www.marvelkids.com web site as an online destination with Marvel content appropriate for children under the age of thirteen (13). Where Marvel's information collection activities involve children that Marvel has knowledge are under the age of thirteen (13), Marvel provides special privacy protections. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), Marvel will not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without first obtaining parental consent or otherwise following the requirements set forth by COPPA. Furthermore, Marvel does not share any Personal Information that Marvel has knowledge is about users under the age of 13 with third parties. 

Prior to providing any Personal Information (such as your name, email address, address, phone number etc.) either by placing an order for merchandise, setting up a Web Site account, entering a contest or sweepstakes (if eligible), or participating in any other activity offered through the Web Site, where legally required, children who Marvel has knowledge are under the age of 13 must have a parent provide an express confirmation of parental consent through the Web Site's electronic consent notification system. In these instances, users who Marvel has knowledge are under the age of 13 are prompted for a parent's e-mail address. This e-mail address will be sent a notification message with an embedded link to a parental consent page on the Marvel Web Site. The child's registration, order, transaction or request will be considered incomplete until the child's parent uses this link to complete the parental consent process. 

Alternatively, parents may send a Parental Consent Form to MARVEL.COM - Marvel Entertainment, LLC., 135 West 50th Street, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10020; or by fax to: 212-576-8507. The Consent Form states that the child's "Parent" or "Legal Guardian," by his or her signature, consents to the collection of the child's Personal Information . Consent may be revoked by completing a "Marvel Revocation of Parental Consent Form" and sending it to the address or fax number above. Please note that if a parent does not permit Marvel's use or collection of Personal Information or has instructed Marvel to delete personally identifiable information, a child's participation in those Web Site activities for which the Personal Information has been requested may not be possible. 

In compliance with COPPA, Marvel is sensitive about children consulting with parents or guardians before furnishing Personal Information or ordering anything online. It is also Marvel's intention to adhere to the Children's Advertising Review Unit (CARU) Guidelines on Internet advertising with its special sensitivities regarding solicitations to children under thirteen (13). Marvel encourages parents/guardians to supervise and join their children in exploring cyberspace. Marvel is proud of the MarvelKids.com Web Site and believes that it is suitable for Marvel fans of all ages. 

With the limited exceptions described in this Privacy Policy, Marvel will not disclose Personal Information collected from children that we have knowledge are under the age of thirteen (13) to third parties, except in special cases where Marvel has reason to believe that disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference (whether intentionally or unintentionally) with Marvel's rights or property or anyone else who may be harmed by such actions, or if required by law. 

Marvel recommends that parents/guardians monitor and supervise the online activities of their children and to consider using available parental control tools which can prevent children from disclosing their name, address, and other Personal Information without parental permission. Visitors to the Web Site who are under thirteen (13) years old should not be submitting any Personal Information, such as their name, address, e-mail address, phone number etc. without a parent's or guardian's permission. 
