> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the optavia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110513101505id_/http%3A//www.prophetstream.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Prophet Stream Inc. - Privacy Policy

Prophet Stream Inc. does not collect any personal identifiable information without your knowledge or consent. Any correspondence with us, including name, company, addresses, e-mail addresses and phone numbers is kept strictly confidential. We do not sell, rent, exchange or distribute our mailing lists with any other companies. We will fully comply with requests for information by government agencies, law enforcement or subpoenas regarding any illegal or unlawful activities. 

Information about your computer may be collected by our web hosting provider including, but not limited to computer manufacturer, operating system, browser, screen resolution, IP address, referring URL, page views, time and duration of visits. This information may be used by them or us, to optimize our services for the benefit of our users. 

Collective data representing our aggregate user base may be shared with third parties, including but not limited to, merchants, affiliate networks, marketing companies or advertising companies. Under no circumstances will we collect and provide any personal identifiable information to these third parties. 

We reserve the right in our sole discretion to share any information, including personally identifiable information, in connection with any abusive or undesirable behavior at our network of websites with third parties; including but not limited to, Internet service providers, web hosting providers, government agencies, regulatory agencies, law enforcement, the legal system, search engines, merchants, affiliate networks, marketing companies, advertising companies, webmasters, domain registrants, the media or the general public. This includes, but is not limited to, any activity by hackers, spammers, phishers, con artists, intellectual property infringers, automated robots, spiders, crawlers, site scrapers or anyone or anything that we believe is malicious. 

Our network of websites use third party cookies that are stored on the hard drive of a user's computer. These cookies are used to track advertising impressions and click-throughs, in addition to any corresponding sales or leads that may be generated by such activity. The information collected from these cookies may be used by merchants, third parties appointed to collect and monitor such information or us, to determine the effectiveness of various advertising campaigns and for developing marketing strategies. It may also be used to identify customers or sub-affiliates that are referred by Prophet Stream Inc. to merchants. These referrals may generate commissions, fees or other compensation for the benefit of Prophet Stream Inc.
