> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the optionrally.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140421075241id_/http%3A//www.optionrally.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Binary options trading | Optionrally.com

**LFG Investments Ltd**   (" **we, our or us** ") provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive when you visit [www.optionrally.com](http://www.optionrally.com/) (the " **Site** ) and when you use any part of our service available through the Site or our mobile application (the " **Service** ").  
This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Policy, we will post a notice of these changes on our website and in this Policy. You are advised to consult this Policy regularly for any changes.  
This Policy is an integral part of the Site’s and Service’s General Terms and Conditions (the " **Terms and Conditions** ").

**1\. Information Collection**  
_Personally Identifiable Information._  
In the course of using the Service, we will ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you and administer your account (" **Personal Information** "), as well as enabling you to access certain restricted parts of the Site and the Service. Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card and bank account details. We also maintain information as a result of your trading activity as well as monitoring and recording all or part of our communications with you. We may also present links on the Site in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed.  
_Non Personally Identifiable Information._  
When you access the Site or use the Service, we collect the following:

  * Information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or online service (" **Log Data** "). This Log Data may include, but is not limited to, your computer’s Internet Protocol address, browser type, the web page you were visiting before you came to the Site and information you search for on the Site _and the Service. In addition, if you access the Service via a mobile device, we may collect a PushID, subject to your consent as indicated by you in the mobile application, and a Mobile IP._ ;
  * Like many websites, we use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use “persistent cookies” to save your username and login password for future logins to the Site. We use “session ID cookies” to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor web traffic routing on the Site and aggregate usage of the Service. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the website you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Service.
  * We use Google Analytics on the Site, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (" **Google** "). Google Analytics is used to help us obtain data regarding use of the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full website functionality. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.



_Third Party Sites_  
This Policy applies only to the Service. We do not exercise control over other websites, applications or services that provide information, or over banners, other advertisements or links from within the Site or the Service. These other sites, applications or services may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you subject to such third party’s privacy policy. **We encourage you to read the privacy policies and other terms of such third parties' websites, applications or services before accessing or using them.**

**2\. How We Use Information**  
Personal Information is used for the following purposes: (i) to provide the Service, (ii) to administer your use of the Service and any accounts you may have with us, (iii) to personalize your experience, (iv) to provide to you service announcements, (v) to provide you with further information and offers from us that we believe you may find useful or interesting, such as newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, (vi) on behalf of and according to instructions of a third party, such as our advertising partners, (vii) to enforce our Terms of Use, (viii) to resolve any disputes between users of the Site or the Service, or between such users and us, and (ix) to contact you to obtain feedback from you regarding the Site and the Service. **If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such announcements, information or offers, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in the communication.**  
We use information that is not Personal Information for the above purposes and in addition in order to (i) monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Service and for the technical administration of the Site and the Service , (ii) improve the Site and the Service, (iii) generate and derive useful data and information concerning the interests, characteristics, website and Service use behavior of our users, and (iv) verify that users of the Service meet the criteria required to process their requests.  
Additionally, with respect to both Personal Information and other information:

  * _Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information._ We may share aggregated information, including queries and offers generated as a result of your use of the Service, that includes non-identifying information and Log Data, with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling, other commercial purposes and to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.
  * _Combined Information._ We may combine certain Personal Information with non Personal Information in order to allow us to create information packages and services that are better tailored to your interests and preferences. Among other things, linking this information may allow us generally to improve and personalize the Site and the Service. If we combine or link any information with your Personal Information, the resulting combination will be treated as Personal Information under this Policy.
  * _Service Providers._ We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on our behalf and to perform services related to administration of the Service or the Site (including, without limitation, maintenance, hosting and database management services, web analytics, payment processing and administration). These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated to comply with this Policy.
  * _Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement._ We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect our or a third party’s property and rights, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, inappropriate or legally actionable.
  * _Business Transfers._ We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our assets, including among others your Personal Information and Log Data, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of all or substantially all of our shares or assets, or in the event of our bankruptcy.



In addition, we may post additional ancillary privacy notices with respect to specific services.

**3\. Changing or Deleting Your Information**  
Our users may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information, if not required to be retained by law or for legitimate business reasons. If you completely delete all such information, your account may be deactivated.  
In addition, we may delete any information provided by you or related to you, pursuant to our policies as then in effect.

**4\. Security**  
We are concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ a variety of measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access and disclosure. However, we do not promise that your Personal Information or private communications will be protected from unauthorized disclosure or use.  
If you receive an e-mail asking you to update your Personal Information, do not reply and please contact us at [support@optionrally.com](mailto:support@optionrally.com).

**5\. International Processing or Transfer**  
Your information may be processed, maintained or transferred outside of your state, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.

**6\. Contacting Us**  
If you have any concerns or questions about this Policy, please contact us at [support@optionrally.com.](mailto:support@optionrally.com)

Copyright © 2013,  **Optionrally Financial Services Ltd**. All rights reserved.
