> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the optimalprint.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2015-09-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150919062410id_/https%3A//www.optimalprint.co.uk/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Gelato Group AS – Privacy Policy – part of Terms & Conditions Optimalprint v. 2015.04.07

By agreeing to these TERMS AND CONDITIONS, you acknowledge the practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy. For questions relating to our Privacy Policy, including any concerns or complaints that you may have with respect to our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information or anything in this Privacy Policy, please contact  [privacypolicy@optimalprint.com](mailto:privacypolicy@optimalprint.com). 

We will make commercially reasonable efforts to respond to specific requests made to the e-mail address [privacypolicy@optimalprint.com](mailto:privacypolicy@optimalprint.com), relating to our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.

## Personal Information

In addition to other provisions of these TERMS AND CONDITIONS relating to the use, collection, storage, backup and disclosure of your personal information, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect identifiable information about you (hereinafter “Personal Information”), directly from you (including, e.g., information that you send us in relation to placing an Order, creating an Account, and ordering Products, whether entered via the Site or provided to us in any other way), and indirectly from you (i.e., information obtained from your computer relating to your use of the Services and the Optimalprint Site). The Personal Information that we collect may include contact information, address information, social media account and address information, credit card information, credit information, information about purchasing habits and preferences, Orders and communications and correspondence related to same, Order histories, Account histories, account information including PayPal account information, username and password information, content supplied by you (e.g., pictures, images and logos submitted by you), and the communications and correspondence (e.g., messages) sent to and from you from your Account. We use your Personal Information for the following limited purposes: to assist us in evaluating, providing and modifying the Services, facilitating print Orders and reorders, creating and setting up your Account, billing and issuing invoices to you, taking payments from you including PayPal and credit card payments, shipping Products to you, responding to your requests, storing your Personal Information (i.e., for providing the Products and Services and otherwise for these purposes), copying or backing up your Personal Information (e.g., for security purposes), promoting and advertising Gelato Group’s products and services to you, offering you offers, discounts and promotions relating to the Services or other Gelato Group products and services, communicating with you, and for other purposes identified in these TERMS AND CONDITIONS (the “Purposes”). 

## Consent

By visiting the Site or using the Services, you consent to the use of your Personal Information for the Purposes, all as further set forth in these TERMS AND CONDITIONS. We do not use all of your Personal Information for all of the Purposes. Instead, our collection and use of your Personal Information in respect of a particular Purpose is limited to the amount and type of Personal Information that we reasonably require to fulfil a particular Purpose. If we intend to use your Personal Information for a use or purpose not identified as being among the Purposes or otherwise identified in these TERMS AND CONDITIONS, we require your consent prior to using your Personal Information for that new use or purpose. Your consent may be express or implied, depending on the sensitivity of the Personal Information and the circumstances surrounding the new use or purpose. You may withdraw your consent to the use of your Personal Information for the Purposes at any time, in which case you will not be permitted to visit the Site or use the Services.

## Automatic Information

We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use cookies and we obtain certain types of information through traffic data when your Web browser accesses our Sites. 

Examples of the information that we may collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; and the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) click stream to, through, and from our Site, including date and time. Some of this information may in some circumstances include Personal Information. You hereby consent to our collection of the same. With respect to such automatically generated information, we use such automatically generated information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user's movement, advertise, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, and may provide such automatically generated information to third parties for the purpose of performing such analyses, and you hereby consent to our use of such automatically generated information for the aforesaid Purposes. 

## Movement and Storage of Personal Information

You acknowledge and agree that your Personal Information may be transmitted, uploaded, moved, stored, or backed up at Gelato Group’s discretion in jurisdictions other than Australia, including but not limited to Ireland, and you consent to the same and to the movement of your Personal Information to servers located in other jurisdictions at Gelato Group’s discretion. You also acknowledge and agree that your Personal Information may be transmitted, uploaded, or moved across international borders in Gelato Group’s discretion, and you consent to the same. You also acknowledge and agree that your Personal Information and data, collected pursuant to these TERMS AND CONDITIONS, may be stored on Gelato Group servers at a location chosen by Gelato Group in its sole discretion, and may include storage of Personal Information and data on servers located in Europe. If you have any questions regarding the storage of your data and Personal Information outside of Australia, please contact [privacypolicy@optimalprint.com](mailto:privacypolicy@optimalprint.com).

## Security of Your Personal Information

We employ security safeguards to protect your Personal Information against loss or theft, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. You acknowledge and agree that We may, at our sole discretion, use a variety of commercially reasonable safeguards, security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information against loss or theft, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. For example, we may store your Personal Information on computer systems with limited access, which may also be located in controlled facilities. You hereby acknowledge and agree that the nature of the safeguards will vary depending on the sensitivity of the information that has been collected, the amount, distribution, and format of the information, and the method of storage, and you hereby consent to the same. When we transmit highly confidential information over the Internet (such as a credit card number or password), we may also, or in the alternative, protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. There are always risks associated with providing Personal Information, whether in person, by phone, or via the Internet or other technologies, and you acknowledge that there are no safeguards, security technologies or procedures that are completely safe or fool-proof against hacking or tampering. Gelato Group has endeavoured to take commercially reasonable precautions to prevent and minimize such risks in respect of your Personal Information and in connection with your use of the Site, but offers no (and expressly disclaims any) guarantee, representation, warranty, or covenant of any kind with respect to the same. 

## Personal Information Shared

Any Personal Information provided by you, or that may be obtained from automatically by your use of the Site, is not and will not be sold, rented, or shared by us with any third party without your prior consent, except in the circumstances described in these TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 

## Third Party Sites

You hereby acknowledge and agree that the Site may contain links to third party websites or that third party websites may otherwise be associated with the Site. Gelato Group is not responsible for the policies and practices employed by the owners of such third party websites in respect of their collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information, nor does Gelato Group offer any (and expressly disclaims any) guarantee, representation, warranty, or covenant of any kind with respect to the collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Information by any third party site that is linked from (or is otherwise associated with) the Site. 

## Business Transfer

As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or buy other businesses and/or their assets. In such transactions, customer information, including personal information shall be treated as a transferred business asset. In the event that Gelato Group (or all, or substantially all, of its assets) were to be acquired by a third party, Gelato Group’s customer information, including Personal Information, will be considered a transferred business asset.

## Advertisers

From time to time, we may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that this shared information does not contain any identifiable information and is therefore not Personal Information.

## Destruction, Removal or De-Identification of Personal Information

Gelato Group will make commercially reasonable efforts not to retain or store your Personal Information after such Personal Information is no longer reasonably required to fulfil the Purpose for which it was collected. Gelato Group will make commercially reasonable efforts to destroy, erase, or make your Personal Information anonymous, in its sole discretion, when your Personal Information is no longer reasonable required to fulfil any of the particular Purposes for which the Personal Information was collected, and you hereby consent to the same. For greater certainty, reference to “commercially reasonable efforts” in this paragraph shall in all cases mean efforts that are subject to applicable laws and regulations including accounting laws and laws relating to retention of financial information. 

## Agents and Subcontractors

You acknowledge and agree that we may engage other companies and individuals (“Third Party Service Providers”) to perform some or all of the Services on our behalf. Examples of Services that may be provided by Third Party Service Providers include processing credit card payments, providing marketing assistance, printing of the Products ordered, providing customer services, sending postal mail and email to you, storing Personal Information, removing repetitive information from customer lists, destroying Personal Information, and analyzing data. These Third Party Service Providers may be provided with access to your Personal Information in order to perform the Services on behalf of Gelato Group, and you acknowledge and consent to Gelato Group communicating your Personal Information to such Third Party Service Providers and you acknowledge and consent to your Personal Information being used by such Third Party Service Providers to provide the Services. We make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that all Third Party Service Providers acting on our behalf are only provided with such Personal Information reasonably required by such Third Party Service Provider to provide the particular Service for which they are retained. We also make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that all Third Party Service Providers acting on our behalf are obligated to collect, use and disclose your Personal Information in accordance with our privacy policies, including to keep all of your Personal Information confidential and to use the information only to the extent necessary to provide the Services on our behalf.

## Compliance with law, Court order, etc.

You hereby acknowledge and agree that We may, in our sole discretion, release account and other Personal Information when we believe such release is appropriate to comply with an applicable law, statute, regulation, Court order, or administrative proceeding, to enforce or apply these TERMS AND CONDITIONS, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Gelato Group, our users, or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

## Cookies

A cookie is a small text file consisting of alphanumeric identifiers that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies do not contain any Personal Information and therefore are not governed by our Privacy Policy.  Our Sites use cookies to enable you to sign in to our services, help personalize your online experience, and facilitate the flow of placing orders. This is standard practice for all websites. Cookies are essential for helping us deliver a high quality website and online shopping experience for our customers, and to collect information about browsing and buying behaviour. By showing how and when our visitors use Gelato Group's Sites, the use of cookies allows Gelato Group to continue improving the Sites. This Site also makes use of cookies for traffic analysis, advertising, and anonymous demographic profiling.  By using and browsing the Site, you consent to cookies being used in accordance with these TERMS AND CONDITIONS. If you do not consent, you must disable cookies or refrain from using the Site. 

If you do not wish to receive cookies, or want to be notified of when they are placed, you may set your web browser to do so, if your browser so permits. You acknowledge and agree that if cookies are turned off, you may not be able to view certain parts of this Site that may enhance your visit.

 

Some of our business partners whose content is linked to or from the Site may also use cookies. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies. 

You acknowledge and agree that third parties we partner with may place anonymous cookies on your browser and may send their own cookies to your cookie file.
