> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the optionszone.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181227004929id_/https%3A//investorplace.com/corporate/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | InvestorPlace

**NEW** **  PRIVACY POLICY**

**Effective as of June 14, 2017**

Available online at <https://investorplace.com/corporate/privacy/>

**_Overview_**

You should read this entire Privacy Policy, but here is a partial list of some of the key topics.  Any capitalized terms have the meanings given to them where defined in the Privacy Policy.

  * We ask you for, and use Tracking Technologies to detect, information about you, and third parties may also do so in connection with our Service (defined below). As examples: 
    * Third parties, including advertisers and advertising services providers, may collect information about you.  They may use Tracking Technologies in connection with our Service, which may include the collection of information about your online activities.  Their privacy policies, not ours, govern their practices.
    * We do not monitor or take any action with respect to so-called browser do not track signals.
  * We may share your information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, however, we will only do so when you have a choice to opt-in or opt-out from that type of sharing. Opt-outs apply prospectively to our sharing.  To opt-out of marketing from third parties that have previously been provided your personal information, contact them directly.
  * **Your CA Privacy Rights:  **California residents have certain rights regarding our sharing of certain personal information with third parties for direct marketing.  See  **Section 4** for more information.
  * We provide you with certain options detailed below to manage the editorial or informational publications we may send you, which may include ads but which are not primarily promotional in nature ( **“Newsletters”** ), as well as to manage certain commercial/promotional publications and use of your Personal Information.
  * You consent to our practices detailed in our Privacy Policy. Each time you use the Service, the version of our Privacy Policy then posted will apply to that use, so check for updates each time you access the Service.



Welcome! You have arrived at www.investorplace.com and/or are otherwise interacting with our Service (defined below), which is owned and operated by InvestorPlace Media, LLC ( **“Company”**   **“InvestorPlace”**  or  **“us”** ).  This Privacy Policy governs your use of any online service that posts a link to this Privacy Policy (each a  **“Site”** ) (including, without limitation, both mobile and online versions), and also applies to your use of interactive features, widgets, plug-ins, applications, content, downloads and/or other services that we own and control and make available through a Site and/or that posts a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the  **“Service”** ), regardless of how you access or use them, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise, but does not apply to data we receive from third parties, except to the extent we combine such data with Personal Information (defined below) that we have ourselves collected under this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to our data collection activities offline or otherwise outside of our Service (unless otherwise stated below), and does not govern the data practices of third parties that may interact with our Service.  Also, it is limited to our practices, and our Service includes access to third-party content and services we do not control.  Consult their privacy policies regarding their practices.

To the extent we provide you notice on our Service of different or additional privacy policies or practices (e.g., at the point of our collection), those additional terms shall govern such data collection and use.   ** _By using our Service_ , _  you agree to our _**[ ** _Terms and Conditions_**](https://investorplace.com/corporate/terms-conditions/) ** _  and consent to our collection, use and sharing of your information and data, and other activities, as described below._**  Each time you use the Service, the version of our Privacy Policy then posted will apply to that use, subject to  ** _Section 10_** , so check for updates each time you access the Service.

**1) Collection of Information**

On the Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain categories of information such as: (1) personally identifiable information, which is information that identifies you personally, such as your first and last name, email address, and mailing address (“ **Personal Information** ”); and (2) demographic information, such as information about your gender, age, marital status, income or investment portfolio size, etc. (“ **Demographic Information** ”).  We may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Service, including at registration and when you subscribe to Newsletters and other content.  To the extent we combine Demographic Information with your Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Service, we will treat the combined data as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.  In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to submit to us via our Service, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies ( **“Tracking Technologies”** ) that automatically (or passively) store or collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Service (“ **Usage Information** ”).  This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone, or other device (a “ **Device** ”) whenever you visit or interact with our Service.  To the extent we associate Usage Information with your Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Service, we will treat such combined data as Personal Information, but we do not otherwise treat it (including IP Addresses, Device ID and other unique identifiers ( **“UID(s)”** )) as Personal Information (i.e., we treat it as Non-Personal Information), except to the extent required by applicable law.

We collect no Personal Information about our users that is not supplied voluntarily by you such as through web forms or email. We, however, may at times collect Usage Information automatically from you.  Some of this Usage Information is collected through the use of cookies and other now and hereafter developed Tracking Technologies. Many types of cookies (but not all) may be deactivated by the user at any time through features available on your Internet browser. Transparent gifs or pixels may occasionally be used for the same purpose, but these items gather no Personal Information and have no effect on how you view our Services or how you navigate the Sites.

Some information about your use of the Service and certain Third Party Services may be collected using Tracking Technologies across time and services and used by InvestorPlace and third parties for purposes such as to associate different devices you use, and deliver relevant information to you.  Various third parties are developing or have developed signals or other mechanisms known as “do not track signals”.  For instance, some browsers may have such signal options, though they differ as to if the signal is set as default or must be turned on by the user.  Further, there is not yet an industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals.  Accordingly, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to these signals or other mechanisms, though we may consider doing so if an understandable and practical standard is developed and widely adopted.  For more information on “do not track” visit [http://www.allaboutdnt.com](http://www.allaboutdnt.com/).  For information on options related to interest-based advertising, see  ** _Section 7._**

InvestorPlace’s privacy policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond our control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to current law or government regulation.

**2) Use and Sharing of Your Information**

**a) Your Email Address**

We collect email addresses for many purposes, including for fulfilling a paid Newsletter service, fulfilling free Newsletter services, to sell and market our own and third-party paid and free products, and to share with third-party companies for their own purposes.  Some Newsletters include advertising.  In addition, we may send you purely commercial/promotional emails.  However, as discussed below, we provide you with various options to manage your emails from us and our renting or sharing of your email for third-party marketing.

By requesting to receive any email from InvestorPlace, you agree to also receive email we think you would find of interest, including commercial/promotional emails and emails from or about third parties. However, as part of your first free or paid subscription to any emails from InvestorPlace we will undertake to confirm your subscription.  This helps us to confirm that our email lists are subscribed to with a working address and with the owner’s consent.

Though we hope you gain value from the messages you receive, you can choose to opt out of receiving further commercial/promotional emails from InvestorPlace by following the instructions provided at the close of each of our commercial/promotional emails. We typically also provide the opportunity to unsubscribe from Newsletter services by following the instruction on those emails.  We categorize the types of emails from us that you can limit as either: (i) our Newsletters, (ii) various third-party marketing we send; and (iii) commercial/promotional emails we send.  We manage your email choices by these three categories and limiting one category of emails does not limit the others, and if you elect to opt-out of a specific Newsletter or other type of email within a category only, that will not affect your other subscriptions within such category.  In addition, you can also opt-out of our further sharing of your email with third-parties for their own direct marketing purposes, and of our sending you commercial/promotional email on behalf of third-parties, as set forth in Section 2(b) below.

We will make good faith efforts to honor the change(s) to your account preferences on lists which we own or manage, but changes may not be immediate.  We also advertise on many other Internet and email outlets, which are not subject to your list management preferences. Therefore, you may see our content and advertisements in connection with other financial and investment-related websites and email outlets you use or receive even if you have opted-out of receiving commercial/promotional emails directly from us.  In addition, even if you opt-out of receiving commercial/promotional emails and/or Newsletters we send, we may still send you transactional messages such as content which you have requested, responding to your inquiries (e.g., password reset, customer service), notifying you about your account and as part of processing your transactions.

**b) Third-party Email Marketing**

We may share or rent your email address and other Personal Information, along with Demographic and/or Usage Information, for any reason not prohibited by law or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy or privacy notices made by InvestorPlace at the time the applicable Personal Information was collected.  For instance, we may provide you opportunities to receive information directly from third parties such as our advertisers and partners.  Subject to Section 6 regarding our merger or sale, if you do not want us to continue to share or rent your email address with third parties for their own direct marketing to you, and do not want us to send you commercial/promotional messages on behalf of third-parties [click here.](http://u.investorplace.com/3p/) This opt-out applies prospectively to our third-party email marketing programs.  To opt-out of marketing from third parties that have previously been provided your email, contact them directly.

**c) Free Newsletter Signup**

If you sign up to receive a free Newsletter, or purchase Newsletters from us, we may sign you up for additional free Newsletters that we believe you will enjoy receiving.  You can typically manage your subscriptions for our free Newsletters, including accessing options for unsubscribing from and/or subscribing to particular free Newsletters, by following the unsubscribe instructions that are included at the bottom of each free Newsletter we send.

**d) Postal Address, Phone and Fax**

We may collect your postal address as part of the registration and/or order process. We use it to send you the publications you have purchased or otherwise requested, special offers and free publications from InvestorPlace, as well as for other information we think you may desire. If you do not want us to continue to use your postal address for unsolicited direct marketing to you, send a copy of your mailing label with a request to “opt-out of direct mail marketing” to InvestorPlace Media, LLC, 9201 Corporate Boulevard, Rockville, MD 20850, Attention: Subscription Services.

Your fax and/or telephone number is collected by us to fulfill your orders, respond to customer service requests and, subject to applicable law, we may also contact you about other products and services.

**e) Your Submission of Personal Information to Third Parties**

We may provide you with registration and submission tools that allow you to submit Personal Information to a third party directly, such as to request promotional and other information from the third party.  In such case you, not we, are sharing your Personal Information with the third party, and you consent to facilitation we may perform to enable you to do so and you agree to look solely to that third party regarding its receipt and use of your data.

The Service may include functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between the Service and a third-party website, platform, tool, application or other service, and accessing or display of third-party content via the Service (“ **Third-Party Services** ”).  When you use Third-Party Services, you are using their services and not our Service and they, not we, are responsible for their practices.  You should review the applicable third party privacy policies before using such Third Party Services in connection with our Service.

**f) Other Personal Information Collection**

When you purchase a paid Newsletter service from us, we will request certain Personal Information, including your name, postal address, daytime and evening telephone numbers, and credit card number (where applicable). Individuals who do not have a Visa, MasterCard, Discover or American Express credit card are not permitted to make purchases online.  We may also collect your Personal Information in other situations where you submit it to us, such in the course of customer service.

For information on our use and sharing of your contact information for marketing purposes, see Section 2(b)-(e) above. For information on our other use and sharing of your Personal Information, see Section 2(h) below. For information third parties’ collection of your information via the Service, and their use thereof, see Section 2(e), above, and Section 2(g) below.

**g) Use of Google Analytics**

We may use Google Analytics, and other analytics tools and vendors, to track aggregate and individual website traffic. For information on choices Google Analytics offers users regarding its data collection and use go to <https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en>**.   **We are not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of the Google Analytics opt-out program.

**h) Other Sharing of Your Information**

Your Personal Information is not shared with third parties other than as described above, except as follows:

  * With our vendors that provide services to us;
  * In connection with a merger or acquisition as set forth in Section 6 below; and
  * Where you have otherwise consented.



In addition, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, we may also disclose your information if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to: (i) protect or defend the rights, safety or property of InvestorPlace or third parties (including through the enforcement of this Privacy Policy, our [ **Terms and Conditions**](https://investorplace.com/corporate/terms-conditions/), and other applicable agreements and policies); (ii) comply with legal and regulatory obligations and government requests (e.g., pursuant to law enforcement inquiries, subpoenas or court orders); (iii) comply with our obligations and commitments to safeguard the privacy and security of your information; or (iv) prevent unauthorized, improper or illegal activities on the Service.  Further, we may disclose information about you as otherwise permitted under our Terms and Conditions or as specifically disclosed when we collect information from you.  Additionally, if you notify us that you believe your rights have been violated in connection with the Service or another user of the Service, we may disclose information about you to the extent necessary to evaluate and respond to your concern.  To the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, we have complete discretion in electing to make or not make such disclosures, and to contest or not contest requests for such disclosures, all without notice to you.

We may share  **“Non-Personal Information”**  (i.e., information that is not or is modified not to be Personal Information), such as aggregated user statistics, with third parties.  For instance, if we de-identify data about you, it is not treated as Personal Information by us, and we may share it with others freely.  Except where prohibited by applicable law, we may share your UIDs with third parties along with data (other than Personal Information) related to you and your activities as non-Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.

**3) How Can You Be Sure That Your  Information is Secure?**

We take the security of your Personal Information quite seriously and we make ongoing efforts to protect it.  However, no electronic communication over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secured. Though we take great care to protect your Personal Information, InvestorPlace cannot warrant the security of any information that you submit to us, including your portfolios on PortfolioGrader.com, and you do so at your own risk. We do not share your credit card number with other parties, other than those involved with the administration of your subscription and related transactions (e.g., payment processing).

If any unauthorized use of your credit card occurs as a result of your credit card purchase from InvestorPlace, simply notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. If, through no fault of your own, your credit card company finds credit card fraud as a result of your credit card purchase from InvestorPlace, but does not waive your entire liability for unauthorized charges, we will reimburse you for the remaining liability, up to a maximum of fifty U.S. dollars ($50.00) per card. You can also take steps to secure your Personal Information. When you are finished at InvestorPlace.com, sign off the InvestorPlace Site and close your browser window. This helps to ensure that someone else cannot pose as you online. This is especially important if you are at a computer that is accessible to others in a public place, such as a library, a school or your office.

**4) Your California Privacy Rights**

Subject to Section 6 regarding our merger or sale, we do not share personal information as defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 collected by us on the Service with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without giving you the opportunity to opt-in or opt-out as more fully described in Section 2 above.  If you are a California resident, you may request information about our compliance with the Shine the Light law by contacting us [InvestorPlace@InvestorPlace.com](mailto:InvestorPlace@InvestorPlace.com) or by sending a letter to 9201 Corporate Boulevard, Suite 200, Rockville, MD 20850, Attention: Legal Counsel.  Any such request must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the subject line and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code.  Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address or mail address.

**5) How Can You Use the Information  Found at InvestorPlace?**

We grant our users the right to download, store or output materials from our Service for their personal use only. Materials may not be reproduced in ANY edited form. Any other reproduction, transmission, performance, display or editing of these materials by any means, mechanical or electronic, without the express written permission of InvestorPlace is strictly prohibited. Users wishing to obtain permission to reprint or reproduce any materials appearing on InvestorPlace may contact us at [InvestorPlace@InvestorPlace.com](mailto:InvestorPlace@InvestorPlace.com) or 1-800-219-8592 (Any such request must include “Reprint Permission” in the first line of the subject line).  All contents of the Service are copyrighted by InvestorPlace Media, LLC.

**6) What Happens In the Event of a  Merger or Acquisition?**

InvestorPlace is a dynamic investment premium service publisher. As our business continues to develop and grow, it is possible that we might sell or buy other publishers, premium services, products or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the event that InvestorPlace Media, LLC, or a substantial part or all of its assets (including InvestorPlace.com), are acquired, customer information will of course likely be one of the transferred assets.  Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to disclose and transfer your Personal Information and other data (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Service or applicable database; or (ii) in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets or other corporate change; including, in either case, during the course of any related due diligence process.

**7) What About Advertising?**

InvestorPlace features several services that are co-sponsored by other websites and other third parties. One example of such a feature is the quote service. Additionally, our Service contains links to other websites, including those of advertisers. We are not responsible for the claims or representations made by advertisers or other third parties. While third party co-sponsored activities, banner ads and links may originate on InvestorPlace, we do not operate them. For example, if you click on a link or banner advertisement, that click takes you out of our Service to a third-party location such as the ad provider’s site. These other sites and services may use cookies and other Tracking Technologies, collect data, or solicit Personal Information from you. Since we do not have control over the privacy practices or the content of these third-party locations, we recommend that you check their privacy policies before giving out any Personal Information.

In addition, InvestorPlace may engage and work with service providers and other third parties to serve advertisements on our Service and/or on third-party sites and services. Some of these ads may be tailored to your interest based on your browsing of the Service and elsewhere on the internet, sometimes referred to as “interest-based advertising” and “online behavioral advertising” ( **“Interest-based Advertising”** ), which may include sending you an ad on a third-party service after you have left our Service (i.e., “retargeting”).  You may choose whether to receive some Interest-based Advertising by submitting opt-outs.  Some of the advertisers and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our partners may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“ **DAA** ”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.  To learn more about how you can exercise certain choices offered through the DAA regarding Interest-based Advertising, visit <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/>.  Some of these companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“ **NAI** ”). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, see http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.  Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based Advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads.  Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest-based Advertising to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads ( _e.g._ , from other ad networks).  Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit these opt-out webpages, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use of a different device or web browsers or use a non-browser-based method of access ( _e.g._ , mobile app), your NAI / DAA browser-based opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective.  DAA offers separate opt-out programs for browses and mobile devices and each applicable Device needs to be separately opted out through those programs for your various Devices to be covered.  InvestorPlace supports the ad industry’s  ** _2009 Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising_  (**<http://www.iab.net/media/file/ven-principles-07-01-09.pdf> **)** and expects that ad networks we directly engage to serve you Interest-based Advertising will do so as well, though we cannot guaranty their compliance. InvestorPlace is not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.

**8) Communication Options.**

We provide you with certain options regarding our use of your email and other contact information, including regarding Newsletters and commercial/promotional emails, as more fully described in Section 2.  You can manage your communications options for each type of email message we send by following the instructions that are included at the bottom of type of email message we send.  If you use ad blockers, you may not be able to access some or all of our content, so we recommend that you disable ad blockers with respect to our Service and communications.  Your options regarding Interest-based advertising are described in Section 7.

**9) Contact Us**

We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We hope this Privacy Policy has explained what we do with the Personal Information that we collect from you, our views and practices regarding Personal Information, and how they affect you as you use our features and services, and the choices you can make about the way your Personal Information is collected and used.

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact: InvestorPlace Media, LLC, 9201 Corporate Boulevard, Rockville, MD 20850, 1-800-219-8592, or [investorplace@investorplace.com](mailto:investorplace@investorplace.com) (Any such request must include “Privacy Policy” in the first line of the subject line).

**10) Changes to the Privacy Policy**

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.  Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy and your use of our Service indicates your consent to the privacy policy posted at the time of use.  However, we will not use your previously collected Personal Information, to the extent it is not collected under the new Privacy Policy, in a manner materially different than represented at the time it was collected without your consent.  To the extent any provision of this Privacy Policy is found by a competent tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable.

//End Privacy Policy dated June 14, 2017//
