> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the qwaya.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160623082436id_/http%3A//www.qwaya.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy guidelines - Qwaya Facebook ads tool

When you visit the Website and/or use Qwaya you provide Qwaya Co with information as may be collected as you interact with the Website and/or Qwaya. Qwaya Co is entitled, in its sole discretion, to save and freely dispose over any such information (including but not limited to all Ads Content). 

Submitting your name and e-mail address as well as other requested personal data (as defined in the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC) or any other personally identifiable information (collectively, "Personal Data") is a condition to using the Services. The Personal Data that you provide will allow Qwaya Co to inform you of the Services as well as other services and products of interest. Qwaya Co, its affiliates and partners, may use your Personal Data for processing, managing and providing you with personalized news, advertisement and other information. You may at all times opt-out from any further advertisement to your e-mail address by sending a notice to Qwaya Co at the address as first set out in these terms and conditions. Qwaya Co is the controller of the Personal Data expressly requested by Qwaya Co and such Personal Data may be transferred and processed in a country outside the EC. Data subjects (as defined in the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC) are entitled to request information from Qwaya Co of the Personal Data relating to him which are being processed by Qwaya Co and request that such personal data is rectified by sending a notice to Qwaya Co at the address as first set out in these terms and conditions. 

Cookies may be used in order to make your visit to the Website easier, to enhance your experience, keep track of the number of visitors to and the general use of this Website as well as to keep track of advertisement. A cookie is a small text file stored on your hard drive which tracks your movements within the Website. Cookies is never used to store Personal Data. The information collected from you on the Website helps us evaluate what types of information might be of interest to other visitors. 

You unconditionally consent to Qwaya Co's collection and processing of your Personal Data as specified in this Agreement by ticking the "I agree" box when you sign up. 
