> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the excelitas.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171211072758id_/http%3A//excelitas.com/pages/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

This Privacy Policy applies to [www.excelitas.com](https://web.archive.org/) (the "Site") operated, controlled and administered by Excelitas Technologies Corp. ("Excelitas", "us", "we" or "our") from its offices within the United States. Excelitas is committed to protecting the privacy of the users ("user", "you" or "your") of its Site. Excelitas' Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us and in making informed decisions when using the Site. This Privacy Policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies and business practices. This Privacy Policy governs data collection and usage at the Site. The United States has data protection laws that may not be consistent with those of other countries. By accessing, browsing and/or using the Site, whether you are a "Visitor" (which means that you simply browse the Site) or a "Registered User" (which means that you have registered with Excelitas), you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. The terms "you," "your" or "user" as used in this Privacy Policy refers to a Visitor or a Registered User. By using the Site, you consent to the processing of data about you in the manner and for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Please read it in its entirety.

**Use of Cookies and Other Technologies.** We may employ cookie technology to store and sometimes track information about the users of the Site. Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a web site. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's web browser on the user's hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related web pages. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser to prevent the browser from accepting cookies. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Site, but your ability to use some areas and features/functions of the Site may be limited.

We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on the Site. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the Site. In addition, login areas on the Site require that your browser accept session ID cookies in order to verify that you are properly signed in. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following the directions provided in your Internet browser's "HELP" file.

We may use web beacons (small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of web sites) and auditing software to track page views and entry and exit points to and from the Site. In addition, we may use web beacons, cookies, customized links and/or similar technologies to determine whether electronic newsletter(s) sent by us to those who have requested them from us have been opened and which links are clicked. Any data collected will only be used in an aggregate form and will not contain any Personal Information, as that term is defined below.

**Types of Information Collected.** Through the use of cookie technology or otherwise, we may track and collect information about your computer and software when you visit the Site. This information may include: (i) your IP address; (ii) domain server; (iii) type of computer; (iv) type of web browser; (v) access times; (vi) geographical location; (vii) number of page visits; and (viii) referring web sites addresses (collectively "Traffic Data"). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you. However, if you submit certain Personal Information (as defined below) in connection with your accessing certain areas and functions/features of the Site, that Personal Information may be linked to your Traffic Data. Traffic Data assists us to design and arrange our web pages in the user-friendliest manner and to continually improve our Site to better meet the needs of users.

We may also collect information about any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to the Site, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services.

In order for you to access certain areas and functions/features of the Site and register with Excelitas (become a Registered User), we may ask you to establish certain login information and provide us with information that personally identifies you, such as your name, address, e-mail address and telephone number ("Personal Information"). If you communicate with us by e-mail or otherwise complete online forms or the like, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.

You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use portions of the Site. You, however, will not be able to access or use those areas of the Site or participate in online activities that require your Personal Information.

Participation in certain online activities at the Site may be subject to additional terms, conditions and notices and such activities shall be governed by such terms, conditions and notices. In the event of any conflict, such additional or different terms, conditions and notices will prevail over this Privacy Policy.

**Employment Information.** Through our Site, we provide access to open positions through our Careers Opportunities page located at [http://www.excelitas.com/Pages/About/Career-Opportunities.aspx](https://web.archive.org/Pages/About/Career-Opportunities.aspx). When you submit your credential and/or resume or inquire about careers at Excelitas via e-mail through our Site - i.e., via careers@excelitas.com - we will treat the information submitted with the same degree of confidentiality as if you had submitted it to us via regular mail and use it only for the purpose for which such information was provided to us.<.p>

Uses And Sharing of Information Collected. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or legal process served on us; (b) provide you the products, services and/or information that you may have requested; (c) protect our rights or property; (d) enforce our rights; (e) protect the interests of users of the Site or any other person; (f) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of our equipment; (g) detect, prevent and/or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, as authorized by law; and/or (h) otherwise comply with applicable laws.

In general, we will use Personal Information only for the purpose for which such information was provided to us. We may also use Personal Information to (a) to verify the information you provided to us; (b) to provide you with the information that you have requested; (c) to respond to your inquiries; (d) to contact you when necessary; (e) improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Site; (f) to send you information (other than marketing communications) that we think may be of interest to you; and (g) to send you information about us, including information related to our products, services, programs or promotional activities, or about third-party products, services, programs or promotional activities that may be of interest to you. In the case of third party products, service, programs or promotional activities, your Personal Information is not transferred to the third party. If you sign up or subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and e-mail address to send the newsletter(s) to you.

We may also share your Personal Information with third parties that provide services to Excelitas (including handling and delivering of e-mail communications and newsletter(s), marketing, user submitted information processing and/or storage, and web site hosting and other application services) as reasonably necessary for them to provide said services. Service providers of Excelitas who have access to Personal Information, however, are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and not to use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Excelitas.

With regard to your credit card information, it is sent directly to our payment provider who processes your online order. The credit card information is neither recorded nor stored by Excelitas, and it can only be accessed by our payment provider. Specifically, your credit card details are sent directly to Excelitas' payment provider Intuit Payment Processing over a secure SSL-encrypted connection. They are not processed on our servers at any stage of the transaction.

We may use Traffic Data and other information we obtain from cookies to analyze trends, administer the Site, improve the Site’s usability, track user's movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, and for marketing and retargeting purposes.

We may provide Traffic Data and/or other aggregate non-personally identifying information to third parties.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may transfer, sell or assign information concerning the Site and your use of the Site, including without limitation, Personal Information, to third parties, as a result of the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation of Excelitas.

**Safe Harbor.** Excelitas Technologies Corp complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. Excelitas Technologies Corp. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Excelitas Technologies Corp’s certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>.

**Opt-Out/Discontinue.** If you do not wish to receive information or other material from us, you may "opt-out" of receiving these communications by sending us an e-mail at opt-out@excelitas.com.

Please note that if you are a Registered User you cannot opt-out from communications pertaining to the online activities for which you registered, unless your account is deactivated.

**Correct and Update Your Personal Information.** If you are a Registered User, you may review, correct and update the personal information previously provided to us at any time by editing your account information on the Site by logging into your account at <https://www.buy.excelitas.com/index.php?p=login>, and clicking on the My Profile link. We will use reasonably efforts to ensure that your information is corrected or updated in our records.

**Account Deactivating.** If you are a Registered User, you may also deactivate your account at any time by sending an email to shortarc.na@excelitas.com. Once your account is deactivated, it will not be viewable on the Site. As with any website, even if a user deletes and deactivates the account, some information previously posted on a public forum on the Site may still be accessible by third parties. Excelitas is not responsible for the continued accessibility of the information posted by a user prior to the deactivation of that user's account.

**Links.** The Site contains links to third-party web sites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you access those links, you will leave the Site. Excelitas does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Excelitas' practices. Excelitas is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of linked third party sites and does not make any warranty or representation regarding the content or accuracy of information on such sites. Nor does Excelitas make any warranty or representation regarding, nor does it endorse, any linked third-party web sites or the content or information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. The personal information you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by our Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any third-party before submitting your personal information. If you decide to access linked third party web sites, you do so at your own risk.

**Security.** The Site has security measures in place intended to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting your Personal Information, and we take reasonable steps to safeguard Personal Information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss or alteration. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our Site, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems.

**Notification of Changes.** We may change our Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting. Changes to our Privacy Policy will be effective when posted. If at any point we decide to use Personal Information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify Registered Users by e-mail. Registered Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their Personal Information in this different manner. Unless otherwise agreed, we will use Personal Information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected. Policies for Individuals Under 13 Years of Age. We are committed to protecting the on-line privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Nor is any part of our Site directed to children under the age of 13.

**Acceptance of Privacy Policy.** By using the Site, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.

**Contact Us.** If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or any questions about the security at our Site, you can send an e-mail to [privacy@excelitas.com](mailto:privacy@excelitas.com).

Special Notification for California Residents. Users who reside in California and have provided their personal information to Excelitas may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us at [privacy@excelitas.com](mailto:privacy@excelitas.com). Please include the words California Resident on the subject field of the e-mail. Within thirty days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this paragraph.
