> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the exchange-rates.org privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231213913id_/http%3A//www.exchange-rates.org/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for Exchange-Rates.org - Exchange Rates

The privacy of our visitors to exchange-rates.org is important to us. 

At exchange-rates.org , we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit this website, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.

Log Files  
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. 

Cookies  
This site may use browser cookies to keep track of your visit. A "cookie" is a small amount of data that is sent from a Web server to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. Use of cookies may allow this site to provide a higher quality, more relevant, visitor experience. We may also use cookies to track which areas of the web site are most popular with our users and to further our understanding concerning overall use of the site. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your computer. Please refer to your browser instructions or a help screen to learn more about these functions and how to use them. Please be advised that certain sections or functionalities of this site may be inaccessible to you if your browser does not accept cookies. 

Site Tracking and Statistics  
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

Third Party Advertisers and Third-Party Advertiser Cookies  
This site uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Google AdSense is the primary advertising company used by this website. As a third party vendor, Google uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google uses DART cookie to serve ads to based on your visits to this site and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of use of the DART cookie visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google and other third-party advertising companies. 

Contact Us Submissions  
In the event that you contact us via a "Contact Us" submission page, we do not disclose your email address, comments or questions to any third parties. 

|   
---|---
