> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the anycoupons.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021209185535id_/http%3A//www.anycoupons.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AnyCoupons.com - 77Blue Privacy Policy

In general, 77Blue does not collect, store, use or disclose personally identifying information except in very specific instances, such as, for example, when you sign up either to save deals in your coupon wallet (My Coupons) or to receive e-mail from us. Whenever we collect such information, you will have a choice regarding whether to provide it, how it will be used, and to whom it will be disclosed. The instances in which 77Blue does collect and use information are specifically described in this Privacy Policy. 77Blue provides fun, easy to use shopping services, including coupon aggregation websites (e.g. AnyCoupons.com located at www.anycoupons.com)(the "Services"). The Services may also be located on third party Web sites and/or applications. The Services are made available by 77Blue and, its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively "77Blue"). 77Blue values its users and their concerns about privacy. To this end, 77Blue engages in consistent information practices and uses its best efforts to make clear disclosures regarding those practices. This Privacy Policy is a part of that effort. 

**What does this Privacy Policy cover?**  
This Privacy Policy applies to collection, use, storage and disclosure of information by 77Blue. If there are any exceptions, we will disclose them prior to collecting any information, and will give you an opportunity to choose not to participate or provide the information. By using the Services and our Web sites, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we outline in this Privacy Policy. 77Blue may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post any changes here so that you are always informed of the information we collect, how we use it, and the circumstances under which we disclose it. Please be aware that, as part of the Services, 77Blue provides links to Web sites operated by third parties, and also provides shopping information services to third parties for display on their own Web sites or applications. 77Blue is not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices or the content of those third party Web sites or applications. Also, please be aware that banner ads on 77Blue are provided by a third party, which may collect cookies as part of the process of serving those ads. These cookies are typically used for the purpose of tracking performance of the banner ads. 77Blue does not determine which information will be collected by that third party. 

**What information does 77Blue collect and how is it used? Does 77Blue disclose information to third parties?**  
77Blue may collect any or all of the following four types of information: (a) traffic or clickstream data, (b) cookies, (c) pixel tags or (d) contact information and other personally identifying information. 77Blue's collection and use of each type of data is described below, as well as the ways (if any) in which the data may be shared with third parties. In addition, some of this information may be tracked by third parties (e.g. pixel tags may be tracked directly by affiliate program operators for some of the merchants on the Services). 

(a) **Traffic or Clickstream Data.** Data about traffic and usage is not personally identifying or identifiable, and is not supplemented or combined with personally identifying or identifiable information. 77Blue may share information it collects with certain selected third parties, but only in aggregated, anonymous form. For example, we may tell an advertiser that a certain number of people visited a certain area on our Web site, or searched Web sites for the term "jewelry." 77Blue collects some information regarding use of the Services by observing browser functions and the files (pages) users access. For example, 77Blue's servers collect information about the site from which you entered to enable 77Blue to calculate and pay its affiliates, the site to which you depart to enable our merchant partners to calculate and pay 77Blue, and information about the most frequently used coupons to help us provide the most relevant coupons and deals. In addition to the foregoing applications, 77Blue uses the information (in aggregate form) to better design the Services. 

(b) **Cookies.** Like many sites, 77Blue collects information about online behavior using cookies. These cookies contain identification information that enables us to see how our users are interacting with our site and how frequently they are returning, as well as to streamline their experiences using the Services. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information. Cookies let us know about repeat visitors and if we are delivering quality products and services. 77Blue may also use cookies to identify which sites our repeat visitors are coming from, so that we can place more of our online advertising on these sites, and can, where necessary, pay our affiliates and other business partners. To 77Blue, using information within cookies is an anonymous way to survey how we are doing and to look for ways to improve our Services. You may set your browser software to reject cookies, but you may not be able to use all of the features of the Services. 77Blue may share information about usage of the Services with third parties, but only in aggregated, anonymous form. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. 

(c) **Pixel Tags.** 77Blue shares web site usage information about visitors to our web site with reputable third-party affiliate program operators and merchants for the purpose of tracking usage and preventing fraud. For this purpose, 77Blue and our third-party partners note some of the pages you visit on our Web site through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs). The information collected by 77Blue and our third-party partners through the use of these pixel tags is not personally identifiable. 

(d) **Contact Information or Personally Identifying Information.** 77Blue can obtain access to your name, e-mail address and other contact information only (1) when you register at one of our websites, sign up for our newsletter, provide comments, submit a coupon, or request information from 77Blue and provide your name or return contact information, or (2) in connection with special offers or contests. 

Contact information provided in connection with problems, comments, suggestions, or requests is used only to respond to those problems, comments, suggestions, or requests. This information is not stored or used in connection with traffic or clickstream data and is provided to a third party only as necessary to respond to the comment, problem suggestion, or request. Finally, you may choose to provide contact information, other personally identifying information, and demographic information in order to participate in optional surveys or contests, which are run for promotional purposes. 77Blue uses such information to send you information about its products and to notify you if you win the contest. Finally, from time to time, but only with your permission, 77Blue may provide certain of its users' registration information to selected third parties who wish to participate in special promotions offered in conjunction with 77Blue. Users may opt-out of receiving such communications at any time by contacting 77Blue. 

**Is data stored by 77Blue secure?**  
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, 77Blue has put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information it collects online. However, data security is a constantly evolving art and science. You should consider any communication that you transmit to 77Blue (such as data, questions or answers, comments, or suggestions) as non-confidential, and agree that 77Blue will not be liable or responsible if information that belongs to you is intercepted and used by an unintended recipient. 

**Does 77Blue collect personally identifying information from or about children?**  
77Blue uses reasonable efforts not to collect, use or disclose individually identifiable information from children under the age of 13. The Services are not targeted at children, and children may not register for any portions of the Services that require registration. 

**How can I access or correct any personally identifying information about me?**  
To request a copy of the personally identifiable information you have sent to 77Blue, please send an e-mail containing your request to [privacy@77blue.com](mailto:privacy@77blue.com). You must provide your full name and the e-mail from which the request is received (and to which the response will be sent) must match the e-mail on file with 77Blue. You may then correct or delete such information using the procedures specified in the e-mail. 

**How do I find out more about 77Blue's information practices?**  
If you have any questions about anything in this Privacy Policy, or about collection of personally identifiable information, or information generally, please contact 77Blue at [privacy@77blue.com](mailto:privacy@77blue.com) . 

You may also use the above contact information if you think any information about you is inaccurate, incomplete, or if you want to change the sort of information about you that 77Blue may have collected. 

This Privacy Policy was last revised on August 9, 2002.   
 
