> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the anydesk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629093607id_/http%3A//anydesk.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AnyDesk - Privacy Statement

### General

AnyDesk takes privacy very serious. We exercise the utmost care and strictly adhere to the statutory provisions in regards to collecting, processing, using and unnecessary disclosure of data. This statement provides an overview about your rights when using our website and software and what kind of data is collected and for what purpose. 

#### Personal Data

Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. This includes information and details such as your name, your address or other mailing address, or phone number. This also includes an email-Address if it includes such a reference to your name that it makes you identifiable. Information that can not be used to determine your identity is not considered to be personal data. Such information is, for example, body size, gender, age or education. 

#### Use and Disclosure of Data

We will use automatically or manually collected personal data related to you to only to respond to your inquiries, to process contracts we have concluded with you, and for technical administration. 

We will only disclose personal data to third parties under a limited extent under the following circumstances: 

  * In order to process the payment process at the appropriate payment service
  * If you have explicitly consented to the disclosure of the data
  * If we are legally obligated to disclose the data (e.g. in response to a court or administrative order)



In no case will the data be sold. 

#### Deletion of Data

You have the right to revoke your consent to the storage of your personal data at any time. The deletion of your personal data is carried out when you have revoked your consent and storage is no longer necessary for processing of contracts. In any case we will delete your personal data if we do not longer need it for our services or if the storage gets prohibited for legal reasons. 

### Website

As a principle, we ask on our website only to provide us with the data that is immediately necessary for the provision and improvement of our services. In addition, some data is automatically collected for statistical analysis. 

#### E-Mails and Newsletters

If you use the email services offered on this website or would like receive our newsletter, your email-address will be stored. Additionally, we may require further information which will enable us to check if you are the owner of the email-address or if its owner agrees to reveive the newsletter. You can revoke your permission for storage and usage of this data and your email-address to deliver newsletters at any time. 

Email newsletters can be unsubscribed at any time. 

#### Access Protocol

Every access to our website and related resources is logged. The logging is necessary for internal statistical purposes and to ensure data security. Some information from your browser is collected and stored for that matter. This includes: 

  * Browser type and version
  * Operating system
  * The previously visited website
  * The host name of the accessing computer and its IP address
  * Time of the server inquiry



#### Cookies

Cookies are small text files that can be stored on the computer of the visitor of a website. In a subsequent access to the same website, the information stored there is transferred back to the server. The use of our website is possible without the use of cookies. 

Basically, we avoid the use of cookies and restrict them to the following applications: 

  * Management of different user sessions (session tracking)
  * Storage of user settings of our website (e.g. language setting)
  * Use in the context of web analytics



#### Web analytics tools

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

You can stop the recording and processing of your data usage of this website by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at: 

<http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>

### Software

To ensure a reliable and safe operation of AnyDesk, to enable some advanced features and to improve our procduct in the future, AnyDesk will automatically collect the following data: 

  * Time of program start
  * IP-address of the machine
  * Statistical information about your computer (e.g. CPU-type, screen resolution)
  * Time and duration of AnyDesk sessions as well as the AnyDesk-IDs of participants



This data is saved in a database which is seperate from the database which contains your personal data. 

### Changes

We reserve the right at any time to modify this privacy statement in compliance with the legal requirements. 

### Contact

For questions about this privacy policy, please contact us via the means specified in the [imprint](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629093607id_/http%3A//anydesk.com/contact). You can inquire at any time whether and which of your data is stored by us. In addition, you can send us inquiries, deletion and correction requests. Feel free to send suggestions. 
