> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the anytimemailbox.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180905231157id_/http%3A//www.anytimemailbox.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Anytime Mailbox

Last Revision: November 1, 2015

AnytimeMailbox ("ATMB") values your online privacy. Please read the following policy ("Privacy Policy") to learn what information we collect from you ("You" or "User") when you access or use our website, www.anytimemailbox.com ("Site") and how we use that information. By accessing or using our Site, you acknowledge and agree that you have read, understood, accept and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, and you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as set forth herein. 

If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, or to the Terms of Use posted on the Site, you must not use this Site. 

ATMB may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised policy on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after the revisions have been posted will constitute your acknowledgement and acceptance of the revised terms. 

**1\. Types of Information Collected.** We collect two types of information from users of our Site: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. 

**2\. Personally Identifiable Information.** This is information that identifies you as a specific customer or user of the Site. In order to access certain parts of the Site, you will be required to register as a user. During the registration process you may be asked to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name, email address and password. For services such as online mail, we also request and store credit card or other payment account information, address and telephone information and physical copies of your identification papers. All information will be maintained in encrypted form on secure servers or in secure physical facilities, as appropriate. We may, in the future, include other optional requests for information from you, such as personal interests, feedback, preferences, and recommendations, to help us customize the Site or our services and deliver personalized information to you. We may also supplement the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide with information we obtain from third parties; in that case, we will treat the information from third parties the same as information we collected ourselves, and, except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not share that information with third parties. 

**3\. Non-Personally Identifiable Information.** Sometimes referred to as "technical information," this is information about you that we collect by means of Internet technologies, such as "cookies" (small pieces of information transferred from our Site and stored on your computer when you visit our Site), in order to determine how users reached the Site to and track user usage patterns during their visits. We use the information collected from cookies to improve the function, content, appearance, and capability of the Site. In most instances, you can adjust your browser preferences to reject cookies, or to require you to accept each cookie; otherwise, most browsers are set by default to automatically accept cookies. Please be aware that some ATMB features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. When you visit the publicly-accessible website, we collect the web page you came from, your browser's user agent string, any keywords you used in a search engine, your computer's IP address, the time and date, the name of the pages your computer visited, and how long it spent on each page. We may also track user traffic and pathways on the Site. This Non-Personally Identifiable Information may be combined with the Personally Identifiable Information you provide us for our own internal use. We may also log IP addresses for system administration purposes. This information is used to diagnose server problems, monitor traffic patterns, analyze trends, administer the Site, track user patterns, and identify the most popular areas of the Site. IP addresses are not linked to Personally Identifiable Information and are only used to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, except in cases where fraud is suspected, or otherwise at the request of law enforcement agencies. We may also use technical methods in HTML emails sent to our users, in order to determine whether users have opened those emails and/or clicked on the links in those emails, or many an inquiry in response to an email. These technical methods may enable us to collect and use information in a form that is personally identifiable. We may also supplement this technical information with information we obtain from third parties, in which case we will treat the third party information as though it were information we collected ourselves. That information will not be shared with third parties except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

**4\. Uses of Information Collected.** We use the information collected on the Site for a variety of purposes, including: providing the services and/or customer support you request, resolving disputes and troubleshooting problems, enforcing our agreements, doing research to protect and improve our services, and notifying you via email of surveys, new features, updates and promotional offers. We may also use certain data for administrative and analytical purposes such as Site management. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to offer you other services, promotions, surveys or other opportunities from ATMB or affiliated companies. 

**5\. Sharing of Information Collected.** We may share the information that we collect from and about you in a variety of ways, as follows: 

  * Partners. We may share Personally Identifiable Information as well as Non-Personally Identifiable Information (e.g., via cookies) with partners who choose to list their goods, services or promotions on the Site, or with whom we affiliate in order to provide you with certain services. The affiliated sites may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies. 
  * Third Party Vendors. We employ third party vendors and service providers to assist us in developing, hosting and maintaining our Site and databases, advertising, sending and receiving email and other communications, and analyzing data. These third parties may have access to Personally Identifiable Information as reasonably necessary to perform these services, but they are not allowed to use that information except for the purposes of providing these services for us. 



**6\. Compliance with Law.** In connection with legal process, such as a court order, subpoena, official investigation or otherwise as required by law, we may be required to disclose certain Personally Identifiable Information to third parties. We may also report to law enforcement authorities any conduct we believe to be illegal, and may release Personally Identifiable Information to law enforcement authorities if we suspect it is related to unlawful conduct, or if necessary to protect our rights or property or to protect the safety of our employees or others. We may also release Personally Identifiable Information as part of a dispute resolution process. 

**7\. Aggregated Data.** We may provide anonymous statistical information to suppliers, advertisers, affiliates, and other current and potential business partners based on aggregated information drawn from Personally Identifiable Information provided by our users, in which case the information would no longer be Personally Identifiable. There are no restrictions under this Privacy Policy on ATMB' ability to use such aggregated, non-personally identifying information, and ATMB may use such information or share it with third parties in any manner we choose. 

**8\. Change of Control.** If ATMB is sold, merged, consolidated, reorganized, liquidated, or undergoes any other significant change of control, its accumulated customer information will be treated as a business asset. As with other business assets, this information will be subject to transfer to or acquisition by a third party. The acquiring party will then assume ATMB' rights and obligations with respect to you Personally Identifiable Information, as set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

**9\. Security.** ATMB employs a variety of security measures to protect your information, including encryption, passwords, physical security, etc. We restrict access to personal information to ATMB employees, contractors, and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. When you submit sensitive information to us, we protect the transfer of that information through industry standard encryption technology. However, no data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be entirely secure. It is always possible that, despite our best efforts to insure the safety and security of your personal information, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Therefore, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you submit to us. You will be required to select a secure password when registering, in order to use all the features of the Site. Please be sure to choose your password with care. Use unique numbers, letters, and special characters and do not disclose your password to anyone. ATMB is not liable for loss of passwords due to user carelessness. If you believe your password has been compromised, please change it immediately. 

**10\. Updates and Opt-Outs.** ATMB processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage, and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store, and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary. You can review the Personally Identifiable Information we have on record at any time, and correct or update that information or your privacy preferences by emailing us at "privacy at anytimemailbox dot com". You may also opt-out of future emails by following the link to the URL provided at the end of each email you receive and following the opt-out procedure specified there; please recognize, however, that it may take up to 60 days for that opt-out to become effective. We reserve the right to continue sending you certain emails related specifically to your account or to Site administration and service even after you have exercised your opt-out rights. 

**11\. Scope of this Privacy Policy.** Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by us through the Site. It does not include the following: 

  * Links. ATMB cannot control and is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of websites that might be linked to our Site, or which show as links on our Site. Please read the privacy statements of each linked site prior to submitting Personally Identifiable Information to that site. 
  * User Forums and Comments. The Site may allow registered users to post information on various forums, including message boards, blogs, bulletin boards, chat rooms and other "public" spaces. By posting information to these spaces, you are choosing to make such information public and it is therefore not covered by this Privacy Policy. Please exercise care in the posting of any Personally Identifiable Information, about yourself or others, in a public space. 
  * Children's Privacy. The Site does not target and it is not intended to be used by children under the age of 13 (or under the age of 18 without consent of a parent or guardian). ATMB complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We do not accept registrations or intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13. If you believe that your child has submitted personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, COPPA, or the Terms of Use, please notify us in writing at "privacy at anytimemailbox dot com" and we will immediately remove such information. 



**12\. Additional Terms.** Please refer to the Terms of Use posted on the Site to see additional terms and conditions that govern your use of the Site. By using the Site, you consent to be bound by those Terms of Use as well as this Privacy Policy. 

**13\. Contact Us.** ATMB regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. Please feel free to contact us with any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or ATMB's handling of personal information by contacting us through this Site or at "privacy at anytimemailbox dot com". If we receive formal written complaints at this address, it is our policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between ATMB and an individual. 
