> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the drhorton.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181228214423id_/http%3A//www.drhorton.com/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | D.R. Horton

×

Our Sites include this Website, our mobile sites, applications, and mobile interactive features (our “Mobile Applications”), and our social media pages such as those on Facebook®, Twitter® and Instagram® as well as our blog thewelcomemat.net, (our “Social Media Pages”).

×

Our Mobile Applications are our mobile sites, applications and mobile interactive features.

×

Personal Information is non-public information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, you such as your name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, user name, physical address, phone number, driver's license or state identification card number, email address, debit card information or other financial information, profile pictures or social media account ID.

×

Our Third Party Service Providers include marketing companies, digital advertising agencies, third-party ad servers, third-party email servers, data aggregators, analytics providers, and third party advertising networks.

×

Anonymous Information is information that does not include Personal Information, or from which Personal Information has been deleted. Anonymous Information does not identify, and cannot be used to reasonably determine, the identity of, an individual customer. Anonymous Information may include demographic and other general information that you may provide to us, Automated Information collected through cookies, pixels and other technologies such as browser and other device information; location information; and information collected from your mobile devices as a result of recognition of your Mobile Advertising Identifier (a unique numerical identifier) that is associated with your mobile device.

×

Aggregate Information is information that does not identify, and cannot be used to reasonably determine, the identity of, an individual customer. Aggregate Information is about groups or categories of customers rather than individual visitors.

×

Automated Information is Anonymous Information that does not include Personal Information or from which Personal Information has been deleted. Automated Information includes browser and other device information, location information, information collected through cookies, pixels and other technologies and information collected from your mobile devices that we or our Third Party Service Providers have collected in an automated manner when you visit our Sites.

×

You have chosen to stop your receipt of commercial emails from D.R. Horton marketing our products and services. Please include your email address(es) below (separated by a comma if you are entering more than one) and click “submit.” 

Email Address(es): SUBMIT

Last updated on August 1, 2018

D.R. Horton, Inc. (which together with its affiliates, other than its mortgage company, DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., title company affiliates doing business as DHI Title, its insurance company, D.R. Horton Insurance Agency, Inc., and Forestar Group, Inc., are collectively referred to herein as “D.R. Horton,” “we,” “us” or “our”) provides this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes the collection, use and disclosure of information on this website (this “Website”), our mobile sites, applications, and mobile interactive features (“Mobile Applications”), our social media pages and blogs (“Social Media Pages”), and in connection with email messages that we may send to you. This Website, our Mobile Applications and our Social Media Pages are collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as our “Sites.” As used herein, the words “user,” “you,” and “your” mean users of this Website or our other Sites. 

D.R. Horton includes the brands D.R. Horton, America’s Builder, Express Homes, Emerald Homes, Freedom Homes, and Pacific Ridge Homes. Except as otherwise expressly stated herein, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the offline practices of D.R. Horton. 

By accessing or using our Sites, you agree to the provisions of this Privacy Policy.

We collect information when you interact with D.R. Horton online, for example, from your visits to and use of our Sites, from your email correspondence to us, from your submittal of an employment application, from your online responses to us, from information that you post online, for example, on our Social Media Pages including, for example, Facebook®, Twitter® and Instagram® and when you interact with our Mobile Applications.

**Personal Information.** Certain of the information we collect online is Personal Information – that is, non-public information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with you, such as your name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, user name, physical address, phone number, driver's license or state identification card number, email address, debit card information or other financial information, profile pictures or social media account ID.

**Anonymous Information.** Other information that we collect is Anonymous Information – that is, information that does not include Personal Information, or from which Personal Information has been deleted. Anonymous Information does not identify, and cannot be used to reasonably determine, the identity of, an individual customer. Anonymous Information may include demographic and other general information that you may provide to us, Automated Information collected through cookies, pixels and other technologies such as browser and other device information; location information and information collected from your mobile devices as a result of recognition of your Mobile Advertising Identifier (a unique numerical identifier) that is associated with your mobile device.

**Aggregate Information.** We may also gather Anonymous Information of many individuals and combine that information. Aggregate Information does not identify, and cannot be used to reasonably determine, the identity of, an individual customer. Aggregate Information is about groups or categories of customers rather than individual visitors.

The information we collect varies depending on how you interact with us or others online:

**Information That You Provide to Us.** You may provide information to us online for any number of reasons. For example, you may sign your home purchase agreement over the Internet, request information about our homes or communities, submit a warranty request, respond to a survey, submit a job application, interact on our Social Media Pages or with our Mobile Applications, or subscribe to promotional emails. In such cases, we, or our Third Party Service Providers, will collect the information that you provide, which may include information regarding your D.R. Horton home, your name, telephone number, email address, physical address, name of your present community or a D.R. Horton community in which you are interested, certain demographic information, such as your age range, gender and areas of interest, and, in the case of a job application, your resume and social security number. In addition, you may provide information to us off-line, for example, when you visit a model home. Unless prohibited by applicable law, we may combine information that you provide to us online with information that you provide to us off-line, with publicly available information or with information provided to us by third-parties such as social media platforms and data aggregators.

**Email.** If you provide your email address to us and request emails regarding D.R. Horton products and services, you will receive commercial emails from us marketing our products and services and we will collect your email address, other information that you provide as well as Automated Information that we may collect. You may opt-out of the receipt of commercial emails from D.R. Horton marketing our products and services by clicking the “unsubscribe” button in marketing email communications to you or by visiting [Your Privacy Choices](https://web.archive.org/web/20181228214423id_/http%3A//www.drhorton.com/Your-Privacy-Choices) on this Website. Please be aware that changes to Your Privacy Choices may not be immediate. We will implement your changes as quickly as possible, but in all cases, in accordance with timeframes required by applicable law.

**Our Mobile Applications.** This Privacy Policy is displayed, in whole, on all of our Mobile Applications and is applicable to our collection, use and sharing of the information, including the Personal Information, that we may collect when you use your mobile devices to interact with our Mobile Applications. When you interact with our Mobile Applications, we collect the information that you provide to us, Automated Information and location information that is provided by your mobile device interacting with our Sites.

**Information from Third Parties.** We may collect or purchase information from third parties, including marketing companies, digital advertising agencies, third-party ad servers, third-party email servers, data aggregators, analytics providers, or third party advertising networks (“Third Party Service Providers”). Certain of this information may be Automated Information that these Third Party Service Providers have gathered as they have tracked you across the Internet and over time, including as you interact on our Sites. If you have responded to, or interacted with, Third Party Service Providers that share your information with us, we collect the information the Third Party Service Provider provides to us, including your email address.

**Our Social Media Pages.** D.R. Horton maintains Social Media Pages on social media platforms including, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. D.R. Horton also maintains a blog, [thewelcomemat.net](https://thewelcomemat.net/) that provides interesting posts regarding home, family, entertainment, and community life. You may participate on our Social Media Pages by posting and chatting. You may also send messages to your friends. D.R. Horton may collect the information that you post including Personal Information, pictures or other information. It is important to remember that information posted on our Social Media Pages may become public and may be separately collected by third-party social media sites or platforms. In addition, our Sites provide social media features like “Follow,” “Like,” “Share” and “Link” buttons that collect your IP address, and may place cookies on your device in order to allow the functionality to perform properly. Also, depending upon how you link your social media account to other accounts and our Sites, or if you chose to send messages to your friends via our Social Media Pages, certain Personal Information from your social media account may be shared with us, which may include Personal Information from your profile or your friends’ profiles. By linking to our Sites in such a manner, or sending messages to your friends through our Social Media Pages, you are indicating to us that you have the right to share contact information about your friends. You should always remember that the information that you post on our Social Media Pages is subject not only to this Privacy Policy, but also the privacy policies and terms of use of the respective third-party social media site or platform, and in accordance with those third party privacy policies, may be collected by those sites and platforms, and may be made public. This Privacy Policy will be posted on those Social Media Pages where it solely governs our collection, use and sharing of your information.

**Location Information.** We collect location information that you may enter when using our Sites such as your physical address, including your zip code, that is collected as Automated Information including your general location indicated by your IP address, that may be provided by your internet service provider or ISP, or that may be automatically collected from your mobile device when interacting with our Mobile Applications, if you choose to share your location with D.R. Horton.

**Automated Information.** We and our Third Party Service Providers have automated means of collecting information from you when you visit our Sites, or otherwise interact with us online. The information that is collected using these automated technologies does not identify you personally, but instead is linked to an anonymous numerical identifier. Consequently, except as otherwise required by applicable law, we use and disclose this Automated Information as Anonymous Information rather than Personal Information.

**_Through the Use of Cookies._** Cookies, pixels, clear GIFs, or other tracing and tracking technologies are small data files that a website or its service providers may place on your browser when you visit a website. They are widely used across the Internet to make websites work more efficiently and effectively, and for a variety of other purposes such as to assist in sending you interest based advertisements. Cookies store a unique numerical identifier that sends back a signal to the installer of the cookie to announce your browser’s presence and movement on the website that installed the cookie or on websites that you visit after the cookie is installed. There are many different types of cookies that perform different functions. Some of these cookies remain on your browser and allow the installer of the cookie to track you over time and across the Internet. A cookie does not identify you personally, but only identifies your browser.

Depending upon the settings that you have chosen on your browser, we or our Third Party Service Providers may install these cookies on your browser when you visit our Sites. Many browsers maintain a default setting to allow cookies. You have the ability to modify this setting so as to decline cookies. The “Help” tab on your toolbar may guide you to the settings for your browser that will allow you to change your browser settings with regard to cookies. Please remember, however, that if you decline cookies, your use of our Sites may be impaired. To learn more about cookies, visit [http://www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/). To learn more about our use of cookies in interest based advertising and analytics, visit [Interest Based Advertising and Analytics](https://web.archive.org/Interest-Based-Advertising-and-Analytics), where you will be provided the opportunity to opt-out of the future delivery of certain interest based advertising promoting our products and services and our collection of your online behavior on our Sites for analytics purposes.

**_Through the Use of Adobe Flash Cookies._** D.R. Horton and its Third Party Service Providers may use flash cookies, otherwise called Flash Local Stored Objects, to display content based on what you have viewed on our Sites in order to personalize your visit, to store your preferences or information that you have input or to collect and store Automated Information about you. Flash cookies are different than browser cookies and will not be affected by changes in browser settings. Please visit [helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html](https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html) to learn more about Adobe Flash Cookies and how to prevent such Adobe Flash Cookies from being stored on your computer or device. Please remember that if you disable Adobe Flash cookies, you may not be able to enjoy certain of the functionality on our Sites.

**_Through the Use of Web Beacons and Other Similar Technologies._** D.R. Horton and its Third Party Service Providers may use web beacons (also known as GIFs or clear GIFs) and similar technologies that are electronic images that may recognize cookies on your browser when you view a website or an email. The use of data collected by such technologies assists us in measuring the success of our advertising campaigns, understanding how many viewers open an email message, and understanding the use of our Sites, including compiling analytics about its use. We may allow our Third Party Service Providers to collect and compile Anonymous Information and Aggregated Information from the use of web beacons on our Sites to determine the efficiency of our Sites and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. To learn more about our use of these technologies in interest based advertising and analytics, visit [Interest Based Advertising and Analytics](https://web.archive.org/Interest-Based-Advertising-and-Analytics), where you will be provided the opportunity to opt-out of the future delivery of certain interest based advertising promoting our products and services and our collection of your online behavior on our Sites for analytics purposes. And, you may disable some web beacons by disabling certain cookies from your browser. See Through the Use of Cookies, above.

**_Through Your Browser._** Some information is collected automatically from your browser, such as your Media Access Control or “MAC” address, your computer type such as a MAC or Microsoft, operating system and version number, device manufacturer, Internet browser and version number, and the name and version of the websites you visit and applications you are using. We use this information to assist us in enhancing and correcting the performance of our Sites.

**_Through Your Use of Your Mobile Device._** If you are using a mobile device to interact with our Mobile Applications, we may collect information about your online behavior utilizing your device’s Mobile Advertising Identifier or other temporary numeric identifier. This allows us to follow your online behavior without accessing your mobile device’s permanent identifier. As part of the collection of Automated Information from your mobile device, we may collect information about your physical location. We use this information to provide you with geographically based material, such as when you search for a home on a mobile device. We will provide information to you regarding D.R. Horton communities that are close to you. We may share your physical location with our Third Party Service Providers so that they may combine this information with other information about your browsing behavior such as the advertisements that you viewed. This allows us and our Third Party Service Providers to share with you information that is of interest to you. This information may also be used by Third Party Service Providers to track you across the devices that you use. Most mobile devices contain built-in privacy controls that will allow you to opt-out of interest based advertising or cross application advertising. Most also have functionality that will allow you to change your Mobile Advertising Identifier. To learn more about our use of these technologies in interest based advertising and analytics, visit [Interest Based Advertising and Analytics](https://web.archive.org/Interest-Based-Advertising-and-Analytics), where you will be provided the opportunity to opt-out of the future delivery of certain interest based advertising promoting our products and services and our collection of your online behavior on our Sites for analytics purposes.

**_Through Our Server Logs._** Your IP Address is automatically logged to our server logs whenever you visit our Sites, together with the date and time of your visit and the pages on our Sites that you visit. Your IP Address is a unique numerical identifier that is assigned to your device by your Internet Service Provider or “ISP.” Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice for website operators across the Internet. We use IP Addresses to assist us in enhancing and correcting the performance of our Sites and for other analytic purposes. We use and disclose IP Addresses in accordance with applicable law.

**_Through an Application That You Use._** You may use a program or service that we operate or that one of our Third Party Service Providers operates on our behalf that is displayed on any one of our Sites. When you use the application, we or our Third Party Service Providers may collect information about your usage of the application. We use this information for a variety of purposes, including to improve the functionality of our applications and to determine usage patterns.

**_Through Devices Installed in Your Home._** Devices installed in your home that are connected to the Internet, such as a smart doorbell, automated door lock or thermostat, kitchen appliances, home automation system or security systems may collect information about you and your use of the device. This Automated Information is collected, used and analyzed by the third-party providers of the devices and is governed by the terms, conditions, policies and practices of such third-party providers only. We recommend that you carefully review your agreements with, and other terms and conditions published by, these third-party providers. D.R. Horton does not collect any information from these devices about you or your use of the devices; however, D.R. Horton has the ability to send notices and messages to you through the Qolsys Smart Home control device. By using this device, you consent to D.R. Horton sending you notices and messages through the Qolsys Smart Home control device.

Subject to applicable law, we may combine Automated Information that we or our Third Party Service Providers collect, with other information that we have collected about you offline.

D.R. Horton will use the information we collect for any lawful purpose we deem appropriate, including in connection with your search for, or purchase of, a D.R. Horton home, to respond to and fulfill your requests, to complete the transactions you have requested, to personalize your experience on our Sites, to manage our business, to recruit and hire employees, to protect our interests, to provide updates and announcements about our products and services, to comply with law enforcement, to prevent fraud and other illegal activities, to protect the security and integrity of our Sites, to send information to you regarding our Sites and to support direct marketing and other opportunities of D.R. Horton and third parties as described in this Privacy Policy. In this regard, we may contact you by email, postal mail, text message, social media, telephone or other means regarding our products, services, promotions and employment opportunities. We provide you with the opportunity to visit [Your Privacy Choices](https://web.archive.org/web/20181228214423id_/http%3A//www.drhorton.com/Your-Privacy-Choices) to opt-out of certain of our contacts.

D.R. Horton will utilize all information that you share with us or that we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.

If you use or visit our Sites, submit content to us, or post any content on this Website or our other Sites such as our Social Media Pages, you agree that, with respect to such content, D.R. Horton is granted an unlimited, non-exclusive, world-wide, non-revocable, perpetual license to reproduce, duplicate, transmit, display, publish, create derivative works, sublicense and otherwise use any such information for any lawful purpose whatsoever, including marketing and you agree to hold us harmless with respect thereto.

We do not share your Personal Information with any third parties except in accordance with this Privacy Policy and [Your Privacy Choices](https://web.archive.org/web/20181228214423id_/http%3A//www.drhorton.com/Your-Privacy-Choices). In this regard, to the extent permitted by applicable law and Your Privacy Choices, D.R. Horton discloses information including your Personal Information that we collect online as well as information that we may have collected about you offline, without notice to you, to the following categories of third parties:

**D.R. Horton Affiliates.** We may share your information, including your Personal Information, with D.R. Horton affiliates, including our mortgage company, DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., our title affiliates doing business as DHI Title, our insurance company, D.R. Horton Insurance Agency, Inc., and Forestar Group, Inc., unless you opt-out of such sharing by visiting [Your Privacy Choices](https://web.archive.org/web/20181228214423id_/http%3A//www.drhorton.com/Your-Privacy-Choices) and restricting such sharing, such sharing may be for the direct marketing purpose of our affiliates. D.R. Horton is the party responsible for the management of your Personal Information that is jointly used by our affiliates.

**Subcontractors and Third Party Service Providers Providing Services to D.R.Horton and D.R. Horton Homeowners**. If you are a D.R. Horton homeowner or prospective homeowner, we share your information, which may include Personal Information, with our subcontractors, Third Party Service Providers, and developers of communities (for example, electricians, painters, land developers and telecom providers) in connection with your purchase of a D.R. Horton home, in response to your warranty requests, to complete transactions that you have initiated such as, but not limited to, customer service requests, and to provide services to you and our other homeowners. We may share your information with our service providers that perform services on our behalf, such as those that perform technology services for us such as website hosting and email delivery services.

**Our Analytics Providers.** Certain of our Third Party Service Providers assist us in analyzing Automated Information that we, and they, collect regarding the online behavior of visitors to our Sites. Automated Information collected through cookies and web beacons assists us in analyzing, for example, which communities and homes visitors have viewed, which pages of our Sites are of most interest, what promotions visitors have enjoyed and the success of our advertising campaigns. The Automated Information that is collected for analytics purposes is not Personal Information, but is instead Anonymous Information.

**Our Interest Based Advertising Providers.** D.R. Horton utilizes Third Party Service Providers to deliver advertisements including interest based advertisements to you based on your previous online behavior, including your surfing history, as well as other Automated Information that they have collected about you while you have visited websites and utilized applications, including our own. Our interest based advertisements may be delivered to you on our Sites, across the Internet and across your devices. To learn more about our interest based advertising and analytics, visit [Interest Based Advertising and Analytics](https://web.archive.org/Interest-Based-Advertising-and-Analytics), where you will be provided the opportunity to opt-out of the future delivery of certain interest based advertising promoting our products and services and our collection of your online behavior on our Sites for analytics purposes.

**Legal Matters**. We share your information, including your Personal Information, with third parties, including law enforcement, in response to legal process including requests from public and governmental authorities.

**To Investigate and Prevent Suspicious Activity.** We may monitor your use of our Sites or use information that we have collected about you, including Personal Information, to, identify fraudulent activities and transactions, prevent violations of our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20181228214423id_/http%3A//www.drhorton.com/Terms-of-Use) that govern our Sites, and prevent and prosecute misuse of our Sites. Our efforts in this regard may result in the collection and analysis of additional information about your online behavior that we may share with our Third Party Service Providers that are assisting us in our security efforts.

**Business Transactions.** We may share your information, including your Personal Information, with potential buyers in the event of the sale or a proposed sale of a business unit or property, or other business transaction of D.R. Horton.

**Storage.** We may share your information, including your Personal Information, with third parties for the purpose of helping us gather, store and maintain data.

**Parties with Which We Co-brand.** Some D.R. Horton products and services may be promoted with other companies, including our affiliates. If you click on links in these advertisements or register to receive more information about the co-branded products and services, your information, including your Personal Information, will be shared by D.R. Horton with the other company associated with the co-branded advertisement. The information will be collected, used and shard in accordance with each company’s privacy policy and other agreements with you, including [Your Privacy Choices](https://web.archive.org/web/20181228214423id_/http%3A//www.drhorton.com/Your-Privacy-Choices) .

You may exercise certain controls regarding our use and sharing of your Personal Information. Please visit [Your Privacy Choices](https://web.archive.org/web/20181228214423id_/http%3A//www.drhorton.com/Your-Privacy-Choices) to inform us of your choices.

We allow certain of our Third Party Service Providers to collect information, including Personal Information, about your online activities on our Sites, and on and across different websites after you leave our Sites. In addition, other third parties with which we have no business relationship may be tracking your online behavior across the Internet including when you visit our Sites. To learn more about this collection of information and tracking of your online behavior for the delivery of interest based advertising to you, please visit [Interest Based Advertising and Analytics](https://web.archive.org/Interest-Based-Advertising-and-Analytics). Please visit [Your Privacy Choices](https://web.archive.org/web/20181228214423id_/http%3A//www.drhorton.com/Your-Privacy-Choices) to opt-out of the collection of Automated Information by certain third parties.

Some web browsers may give you the ability to enable “Do Not Track” functionality. “Do Not Track” is a browser setting that requests that web applications eliminate their tracking of you. When you choose to turn on your “Do Not Track” setting, your browser sends a signal to third party ad servers, digital advertising networks, digital advertising networks, data aggregators and others to stop tracking you. This is different than disabling cookies on your browser. Browsers with the “Do Not Track” functionality enabled continue to have the capability to accept cookies. There is currently no agreement or consensus on how companies should interpret a “Do Not Track” signal. Consequently, we do not honor “Do Not Track” signals or other mechanisms that provide you with the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of information (including your Personal Information) relating to your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. For more information about Do Not Track, please visit [www.allaboutdnt.org](https://allaboutdnt.com/).

D.R. Horton does not disclose your Personal Information to third parties, including our affiliates, for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes, if you have exercised an option to prevent such disclosure. To this end, we hereby notify you that you may prevent our disclosure to third parties, including our affiliates, for their direct marketing purposes, of Personal Information about you that we may have collected, online or otherwise, by visiting [Your Privacy Choices](https://web.archive.org/web/20181228214423id_/http%3A//www.drhorton.com/Your-Privacy-Choices).

Because D.R. Horton provides all of its customers, including its California customers, with a cost-free method to opt-out of the sharing of Personal Information with all third parties, including our affiliates, for the direct marketing of those third parties, and does not disclose to third parties, including our affiliates, for their direct marketing purposes the Personal Information of any customer if the customer has exercised the option to prevent such disclosure, and because D.R. Horton discloses these policies in this Privacy Policy, pursuant to California Civil Code section 1798.83(c)(2), D.R. Horton is in compliance with California’s “Shine the Light” law. Consequently, D.R. Horton is not obligated to provide California customers, who have requested such information, a list of the categories of the Personal Information disclosed by D.R. Horton to third parties, including our affiliates, for their direct marketing purposes or the names and addresses of the third parties to which D.R. Horton has shared such Personal Information for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year.

D.R. Horton, as an employer, in the normal course of business and as required by law, collects social security numbers. In connection with accepting job applications, we will collect Personal Information from prospective new employees, including their social security number. This information is transmitted over a secure connection that implements encryption of the Personal Information being transmitted. In addition to secure connections and encryption for collection, we maintain other reasonable measures to protect and limit access to social security numbers on a need-to-know basis. In addition, we prohibit their unlawful disclosure. We maintain reasonable procedures to destroy, erase, or make unreadable any data, computer files and documents containing social security numbers prior to their disposal. Failure to follow these procedures by any employee may subject the employee to disciplinary action up to, and including, termination.

D.R. Horton reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy, from time to time. D.R. Horton will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by updating this Privacy Policy on this Website and our other Sites and setting forth the date on which the update was made. We encourage you to retain a copy of this Privacy Policy and periodically to check our Sites for updates. Your use of our Sites indicates your acceptance of the latest version of this Privacy Policy.

We may provide links from our Sites, through advertisements or otherwise, to other websites, or applications including various social media platforms. Those websites, applications and social media platforms have their own privacy policies and practices. This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, their content, privacy policies or practices or security and safeguarding practices. Any Personal Information that you provide on these other websites, or to such other applications including Personal Information that you may post on social media platforms will be subject to the privacy policies and practices of the third party. The inclusion of a link on any of our Sites does not imply endorsement of the linked site or application by us or any of our affiliates. We are not responsible for the collection, usage or sharing practices or policies of other companies or platforms including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google, or Adobe, to mention just a few. Please visit those sites to review their privacy policies.

Our Sites contain general information not directed towards children. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. In this regard, our Sites are general audience sites that are not designed nor intended to collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13.

Our Sites, including this Website, may not be available or appropriate for use in countries other than the United States. If you choose to access one of our Sites, including this Website, from a country other than the United States, you do so at your own risk with the understanding that information may be collected from you and stored as a result of your access to our Sites while in another country where privacy laws may be different from, and less protective than, those of the United States. If you are using our Sites in a country other than the United States, you acknowledge that our Sites are operated in the United States. Information that you share with us through our Sites or which is collected about you or your online behavior will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using our Sites, you consent to this transfer, storage and processing of your information in the United States where the privacy laws may be different, or more or less protective than the country in which you are using our Sites.

We may store your Personal Information in any country where our Third Party Service Providers have facilities and by using our Sites you consent to the transfer of your information outside of the United States.

We provide the opportunity on our Sites for you to review employment opportunities with us and our affiliates and to submit online an employment application. If you choose to do so, the laws and regulations of the United States will apply to the collection and use of all information that you provide..

D.R. Horton has implemented safeguards as required by law to protect your Personal Information. Unfortunately, however, no information or data transmitted electronically, including information or data transmitted over the Internet or stored electronically can be assumed to be safe and secure. If you believe that the security of any information or data that you have provided to us has been compromised, please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.

If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at: D.R. Horton, Inc., Attn: Chief Legal Officer, 1341 Horton Circle, Arlington, TX 76011.

This Privacy Policy was last revised and is effective as of the date set forth at the beginning of this Privacy Policy.
