> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the drhyman.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-10-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071011094957id_/http%3A//www.drhyman.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Dr Hyman

At DrHyman.com user privacy is of utmost concern. We are committed to protecting your privacy and security, and to providing you the best possible user experience. We may update this policy from time to time, so please check here frequently.

What do we mean by privacy? We will never disclose your personal information to any third party without your consent, except in limited circumstances to our affiliates or business partners with whom we have established agreements that also protect your privacy Here's how we collect and use information from you in our efforts to provide the highest quality user experience:

**IP Address** \- Your IP or "Internet Protocol" address and other site usage data is used to gather broad demographic information. This data helps us serve you by allowing us to understand how visitors use our web sites.

**Cookies** \- Our sites use a technology called "cookies," small files stored by your browser to help keep track of your user profile. Our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information, nor do we share them with anyone. We use cookies to remember your personal profile for your convenience, to deliver content specific to your needs and interests based upon your prior usage, and to ensure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. We also use cookies to track user trends and improve areas of our sites that our users find valuable.

**Ads** \- We sometimes use outside companies to display advertising on our web sites. These ads may place cookies on your computer, which are referenced by our ad companies. We do not have access to this information. We use customer contact information from registration forms to send you information related to our products and services if you consent to receiving such mailings. Your contact information may also be used to contact you when necessary for administrative purposes related to your account. We use your email as a unique identifier in our record system, to verify communications from you, and to send you newsletters and promotional offerings that you ask to receive or to tell you about changes to the DrHyman.com website.

Demographic information and site usage data is also collected on our sites. We use this data to tailor your experience, allowing us to provide content related to your preferences and information on products or services we think you may be interested in.

**Email Services** \- If you take advantage of any email notification features on our sites, you will receive email updates as described in the service. The DrHyman.com website provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from our partners and us. Users can remove their personal information from the database of a particular site by sending a request by email to info@DrHyman.com and typing "unsubscribe" in the subject line along with any pertinent information in the body.

**Personal Tools** \- Certain products on our sites, like the DrHyman.com Personal Planner, allow you to store your personal information for future use. We do not share this information with third parties.

**Order Forms** \- Our sites use forms for you to request information, products and services. We collect financial information to bill you for the products and services you indicate. (See "Your Security" below for more on how we safeguard your financial information and social security information.) We collect social security information to provide credit check, loan application and similar services. We collect contact information, unique identifiers and demographic information for the purposes described in "Registration" above. See "Disclosure" or "Ads" for more information on when we provide your information to affiliates or third party business partners.

**Contests and Surveys** \- Online, we may also survey visitors for contact information, unique identifiers and demographic information. You are never required to answer these questions. The information you submit may be used for analyzing overall site demographics, user preferences and tastes, and similar "getting to know our customers" purposes. We may disclose this data to third parties in an aggregated form (such as summary reports for our advertisers) but never with user data or identification assigned to the information provided.

When you enter a contest, we will require that you submit a limited amount of personally identifiable data such as contact information. We may also ask you questions related to your preferences and age or background. We will designate which questions are required to be answered in order to enter the contest. The information you submit may be used to analyze site demographics and user preferences, and for similar "getting to know our customer" purposes. We may share this data with third parties in aggregate form only (as in summary reports to advertisers), and never in the form of personally identifiable information.

**Your Security** \- DrHyman.com, Inc., and its affiliates have taken the following important measures to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. First, we store no financial information or social security information on our sites. Although you may have to enter your credit card number or social security number twice, we think the benefits of security are worth it. When we do transmit your data, we use only Secure Servers using current encryption technology to encode your data safely.

The personal data we do store on our system is protected by firewall and password. Our network firewall is a combination of hardware and software designed to keep unauthorized users from accessing our network. The password you select, along with your unique email address, prevents others from accessing your information. We suggest that you do not disclose your password to anyone.

Third parties that have their own privacy policies that may be different than ours provide Third Party Service Providers - some of the services available through our website. You should review the privacy policy of third parties before providing your personal information to them.

**Outside Links** \- While on DrHyman.com, you may be led to other web sites. Be aware that other sites may collect data and personal information and operate according to their own privacy practices. Please remember that, once outside of our website, any information you submit is outside of our control. 

**Disclosure** \- To provide you the best products and services, we team with business partners. When you indicate that you want to receive a product or service, or contact a person or organization, we share the data needed for you to receive what you have indicated. Occasionally, we hire consultants that may need access to our member database to perform their services for us. We take great care to require that these business partners agree by contract not to use any member information that they may receive access to.

DrHyman.com may contract with outside companies to administer our mailing lists or provide retail services. Your personal information may be shared with an outside company for the sole purpose of administering the products, services and programs you have selected.

**Choice/Opt-out** \- The DrHyman.com website provides you the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from our partners and us. To remove your personal information from one of our web sites, email a request to the site at the address listed in "Contacting Us." To remove your name from an email service, simply reply to the email and type "Unsubscribe" in the subject line.

**Correct or Update** \- You can change or update your personal information for a particular ad, such as the DrHyman.com by going to the "Modify your ad" or " cancel your ad" section of the site and following instructions to update your information.

**Contacting Us** \- If at any time you feel that the DrHyman.com website has not adhered to this policy, email us at Webmaster@DrHyman.com and we'll do our best to determine any problem and quickly respond. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us at Webmaster@DrHyman.com. And check this page periodically for changes in our privacy policy.

This DrHyman.com, Inc., privacy policy does not extend to any information that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond the control on DrHyman.com, Inc., and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this policy at any time.

DrHyman.com, Inc., and its affiliates may disclose your personally identifiable information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the requirements of the law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or legal process served on DrHyman.com, Inc., or its affiliates; (2) protect and defend the property or rights of DrHyman.com, Inc., and its affiliates or the users of DrHyman.com 

**THIS SITE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY MEDICAL ADVICE** Information on this web site is provided for informational purposes only and is not intended as a substitute for the advice provided by your physician or other healthcare professional or any information contained on or in any product label or packaging. You should not use the information on this web site for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease, or prescribing any medication or other treatment. You should always speak with your physician or other healthcare professional before taking any medication or nutritional, herbal or homeopathic supplement, or adopting any treatment for a health problem. For any products or services purchased from this web site, you should read carefully all product packaging and instructions. If you have or suspect that you have a medical problem, promptly contact your health care provider. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking professional advice because of something you have read on this web site. **Information provided on this web site and the use of any products or services purchased from our web site by you DOES NOT create a doctor-patient relationship between you and any of the physicians affiliated with our web site.** Information and statements regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.

**Product Disclaimer**

Emerson Ecologics ([www.emersonecologics.com](http://www.emersonecologics.com/)) is a distributor for high quality nutritional supplements and herbs usually only available through a health care professional. Companies catering to the professional market, who demand higher standards, including GMP standards for either drugs or supplements, generally produce the products. While this may not always be the case, it offers you an alternative to the completely unregulated supplements market. I offer you access to them here for your health needs.

Information on this site is provided for informational purposes and is not meant to substitute for the advice provided by your own physician or other medical professional. You should not use the information contained herein for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease, or prescribing any medication. You should read carefully all product packaging. If you have or suspect that you have a medical problem, promptly contact your health care provider. Information and statements regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. 

**Practitioner Disclaimer**

As a public service, I help guide you to a list of practitioners who have completed a six-day course, Applying Functional Medicine in Clinical Practice or have expressed an interest or openness to the new emerging medical paradigm. I am interested in helping patients find healthcare professionals who are familiar with the concepts and approaches of this new paradigm. 

**Disclaimer** : Because functional medicine or the paradigm of ultraprevention is an **approach** to health care - and not a separate profession - practitioners from many different disciplines take symposia and courses. It is, therefore, very important for patients to realize that selecting a practitioner from this database does not substitute for a thorough investigation of your chosen clinician's professional degree and training, clinical experience, scope of practice, participation (or not) in the reimbursement system, malpractice coverage, and other similar criteria. I do not investigate the education or credentials of the people who attend these courses; I do not rate or rank practitioners; and I am not able to advise you about any particular clinician's expertise or scope of practice.

In order to access this database of medicine practitioners, you must click below to indicate that you have read, understood, and accepted this disclaimer.

I have read and understood this disclaimer, and I accept its stipulations. I do not and will not hold Dr. Mark Hyman responsible in any way for the background, education, licensure, scope of practice, or clinical expertise of any practitioner I may contact as a result of using this database. Should I experience an unsatisfactory outcome of care with anyone named in this database, I will not hold Dr. Hyman responsible for that outcome.
