> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gearhungry.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181029085755id_/https%3A//www.gearhungry.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - Gearhungry

[ ](https://www.gearhungry.com/)

[ ](https://www.gearhungry.com/)

[ ](https://www.gearhungry.com/)

  * **Gear Hungry.com** respects the privacy of website visitors. We also understand that users are concerned about information about them is used or shared. This Privacy Policy sets out our approach to collection, use, storage, and disclosure (collectively, “processing”) of personally identifiable information as well as the rights and choices that you have in respect of data we hold about you. This policy also includes updates to account for the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA), this policy informs you of certain specific rights and choices you can make with regard to personal data (hereafter referred to as “personally identifiable information”) we hold about you. Please read this Policy carefully. By using this website, you will be deemed, to the extent permitted by law, to have consented to this Policy and our data processing activities.
  * **Changes to this privacy Policy.** We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to accommodate any changes in our information collection policies. We advise you to review this policy periodically because it applies to information we hold about you. ** **
  * **Information Collection  
**When you visit or access our website we collect certain information in different ways. This include information you provide directly to us as well as information collected automatically via cookies and similar technologies
  * **Information you provide directly to us** : If you create a user account at the site, we will require you to provide certain personally identifiable information including your name, email and password. If you submit product advertising inquiries or contact us directly, please note that you may be submitting to us certain personal information and we advise you to take precautions when doing so
  * **Information collected automatically.** Our website’s server automatically logs certain data about when a user visits or accesses the site “usage data”). This data or information may include your computer’s Internet Protocol address, the type and operating system of your device, type and version of the browser used to access the site, the URL that referred you to our site, pages views and duration of stay on the site, the time and date of visit, as well as other analytical data.
  * **Cookies and Similar technologies** : This part explains what cookies are, what we use them for and how you can manage or avoid them. Our website uses cookies. Please note that certain cookies are necessary for the operation of the site and your access to such parts of the site is conditional to your acceptance of the use of cookies. 
    * **What are cookies** : A cookie is small text file that a website places in cookie file of your browser when you visit the site. Cookies help to remember users and make their next visit to the site personalized and useful. They also make our website to function efficiently. If you visit our website we may place different kinds of cookies in your device and such cookies can be “session” or “persistent” cookies.
    * **Sessions cookies** are temporary and are only in use when a user is browsing the site. They automatically disappear when you exit your browser. Persistent cookies can stay in your browser’s cookie file for a longer term. We use session cookies to remember user actions and make user experience easier and useful. Session cookies for example help to remember products you have added to the shopping cart or your log in credentials to keep you logged in while navigating different sections of the site. This way you can avoid having to log in onto the site all over again every time you navigate a different page.
    * We use **persistent cookies** to understand how users use our website, the specific pages that users choose to view and store user preferences for future visits. For example persistent cookies remember your language preferences, bookmarks or favorites and offer you a faster, personalized and useful access to the site on your future visit. Where cookies constitute personal information in terms of the EU GDPR, we will process cookie data on the basis of your consent.
    * **Controlling cookies** : Please note that you can manage cookies by configuring your browser’s settings to accept, block, or delete cookies. You can block all cookies or only from third parties. You can also clear cookies after your browsing session. We rely on some cookies for our website to function properly. If you delete or block all cookies from our site, you may not be able to save your preferences and certain parts of the site may not work properly.
    * **Web beacons** **and third party cookies** : We allow third parties (like Google Analytics, Google AdSense and Facebook tags) collect certain anonymous information when you interact with our website. These companies may set third party cookies or web beacons to collect this information. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information including for example information relating to your click stream, browser type, or the ads clicked on the site). We also use these cookies for affiliate marketing purposes. They helps to know if users purchase products through affiliate links on our site in which case GearHungry may receive affiliate commission .We also use information generated by these technologies to serve ads about goods and services which may of interest to you. To learn more about or opt out of these cookies and behavioural advertising practices, please visit the Network Advertising Imitative or Digital Advertising Alliance.
  * **Legal grounds to lawfully process personal data:** For EU /EEA residents, GearHungry will as a general policy seek to rely on particular lawful bases for personal data processing activities in accordance with the EU GDPR. We will only process such data for the specific purpose for which data was obtained or collected. Below are the legal grounds that we rely upon in particular circumstances for processing of particular personal data. 
    * **Your consent** : We will process certain personal data on the basis of your consent. This includes for example where you permit us to use your data for marketing purposes or transfer it to third party service providers.
    * **Contractual necessity** : If you negotiate or enter into a contractual relationship with us, we will process your personal data as is necessary for entry into, or performance of, a contract with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to the entry into contact.
    * **Compliance with legal obligations** : We may process your personal data to comply with any legal duty for which certain data need to be processed under EU law.
    * **Legitimate interest** : To the extent that processing does not override your rights and freedoms, we may process your personal data as is necessary for the purpose of legitimate interest pursued by us or by our suppliers, affiliates contractors and service providers.
  * **Sharing and Disclosure:** We do not share or disclose your information outside of GearHUngry.com without your express and verifiable consent. Please note however that we may disclose your information for our business’ legitimate purposes such as mergers and acquisition, dispute resolution or exercise or defence of our legal rights. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information if we are required to do in compliance with a lawful request by law enforcement agencies or in response to a valid request by public authorities (e.g. court order) or in connection with fraud, crime or violation of our terms of service.
  * **Links to third party website** : As an affiliate marketer, GreatHUngry.com features a wide range of links and content from websites, online retailers and product compendiums all of which are not owned or operated by us. In some case we may recommend products on those sites. These links are included for informational and convince purposes only. You should not consider our inclusion of these links as an endorsement or approval. If we include those links on the site, we are not making any warranty or representation that the products, services or content made available on those sites are reliable or secure, or that those site will respect your privacy. Please review the privacy practices of external sites to understand how to protect your information online.
  * **Data Retention:** GearHungry will only retain personal data for as long as necessary for the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with any legal obligation. To the extent permitted by law we may retain your data in connection with request by law enforcement agencies, resolving disputes or claims, or in exercising and defending our legal rights. Gear Hungry will erase all data that is no longer needed. We may also retain certain data for internal analysis purposes. We retain such data for shorter period and to the extent necessary for improving the security and functionality of our website.
  * **Transfer of Data:** If you are an EU resident, your information, including personal data, may be transferred to, and stores in computers located outside of your country where data protection laws may differ from those applicable in your country. If you are located outside the United States, and choose to provide personal data to us, please note that we receive such data and process it here. Your consent to the use of such data and this Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement to the handling of personal data in this way.
  * **Google Analytics.** Our site uses Google Analytics and Google Analytics advertising to help measure, collect, analyse and report web traffic and usage data. It also helps us assess and improve the effectiveness of our website and as well as marketing and advertising campaigns. These third party services use cookies which are set by Google. Google Analytics. You can opt out of Google Analytics. We do not use these tools to collect personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We do not links or associate analytical information with the identity of a specific user or device. We also use Google AdSense to deliver and serve ads basing on your previous interaction with our website and other sites that use Google advertising services. Google AdSense uses double-click Dynamic Advertising Reporting and Targeting (DART) cookie to serve targeted ads based on what’s relevant to the user. This helps us to measure the effectiveness of our ad campaigns and make our marketing and advertising efforts more efficient. Please note Google’s behavioral tracking and advertising is subject to Google’s privacy policies. When you visit our website, we will notify you about the use of cookies and provide you with the opportunity to accept or decline the use of cookies. We also use web beacons (also called pixels, tags, web bugs or tracking bugs) to collect information on website usage, user behaviour, track conversions and performance of our ad campaigns. For example we use Facebook pixels to understand users who come to the site via Facebook, the products that were purchased, the ad that referred you to the site as well as gain insights into the performance of our marketing efforts and strategies. To understand Facebook interest-based ads and how to opt-out of them, please review Facebook’s data and privacy policies.
  * **Your Rights:** If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have, in accordance with the EU GDPR, certain data protection rights with regard to personal information we hold about you in connection with the site. You have the right to access and control your information and where relevant withdraw your consent to further processing of personal data. You also have the right to correction and deletion of personal data where such data is, as the case may be, inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. You also have the right to object or restrict the processing of certain data if processing of that particular data is illegal or unlawful. You also have the right to permit the portability of transfer of your data to other service providers. ** **
  * **Data Security** : We care about security of your personally identifiable information. Gear Hungry has adopted technical and organizational measures to ensure that personal information submitted on the site is and secure. Our site uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology to protect personal data from unauthorized access, disclosure or acquisition. Nevertheless we do not guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security measures and accordingly we do not make any warranty of data security.
  * **Notice of breach** : In the event of personal data breach may result in a great risk to your rights and freedoms, we may as soon as practicable notify you of the breach and provide you with information explaining the nature of the breach, contact information of our data protection officer as well as the likely consequences of that breach.
  * **Complains and Contact information** : If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or our data collection and use practices, or need information on how to exercise any of your rights specified herein, please contact us via email at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#a9cac6c7ddc8cadde9ceccc8dbc1dcc7cedbd087cac6c4)
  * This Policy was last updated on 24th May, 2018



The best

Gear, gadgets & stuff for men

Straight to your inbox
