> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the geardownload.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-02-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190213004704id_/http%3A//geardownload.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - GearDownload

## Overall Privacy Statement

We take your privacy seriously. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. These privacy practices apply to the Web site that you were viewing when you clicked through to this policy, which is operated directly by us, by our partner, or by our affiliate.

### Use of cookies

To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too.

**What are cookies?**

A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don't have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. 

**How do we use cookies?**

GearDownload does not use any first-party cookies require consent. Our website uses third party services such as advertising from Google Adsense that may use cookies. 

**Google Adsense cookies**

On our website, we use the functions of the online advertising service Google AdSense. Google AdSense is a service of Google Inc. ("Google"), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google AdSense is a Google service that displays Google advertisements from advertisers on third-party websites. By integrating Google AdSense we provide Google with appropriate advertising space on our website.

Google AdSense uses so-called "cookies", which are text files that are saved on your device and that enabled the website to conduct an analysis of the websites you visited. Google AdSense may also use so-called web beacons (invisible graphics). Via these web beacons, information such as the visitor traffic on the pages of this offer can be evaluated. The information generated by cookies and web beacons about the usage of our website (including your IP address) and the delivery of advertising formats will be transmitted to and stored by a Google server that might be located in the USA or other third countries. This way, Google can reconstruct on which websites the usage of advertising media took place in order to be able to allocate a commission to the website operator.

The following information (including personal data) might be processed:

  * Your web request
  * Your IP address
  * Your browser type
  * Your browser language
  * The date and time of your request
  * One or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser



You have the right to object. To do so, you can prevent the acquisition of the data generated by the cookies (including your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>

In addition, you have the possibility to deactivate the interest-based ads from Google according to the instructions in the following link: <https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en>

More information about Google Adsense's privacy: [Privacy Policy](https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/), [Opt Out](https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/optout).

**DoubleClick cookies**

We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google's DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests ("interest based targeting").

The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses "non personally identifiable information". It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers.

You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting <http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx>

**Non-personalized ads for users in the EEA**

We have set Google AdSense to show all users in the EEA (European Economic Area) only non-personalized ads.

Non-personalized ads are targeted using contextual information rather than the past behavior of a user. Although these ads don't use cookies for ads personalization, they do use cookies to allow for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse.

**How to control cookies?**

You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see [aboutcookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/).

You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.

**Right of objection**

You have the right to object.

In your browser settings you can restrict or completely prevent the use of cookies. You can also prompt the automatic deletion of cookies when a browser window is closed.

You can find out how to delete and change the cookie settings of the most common browsers here:

  * Google Chrome: [Website](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en)
  * Mozilla Firefox: [Website](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored)
  * Apple Safari: [Website](https://support.apple.com/en-euro/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac)
  * Microsoft Internet Explorer: [Website](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies)



### **1\. What information does GearDownload collect?**

GearDownload may collect information from its users in three different ways: directly from the user, from traffic references of hosting servers and from cookies. 

Information provided directly by the user: when you subscribe to a service provided by GearDownload, we may ask you about your name, e-mail address or other personal data. For example, when you register to our website, you need to enter your username, e-mail address and password. 

Information from traffic references: when you visit a website, you unveil certain information about you, such as your IP address, time of visit, place from which you accessed our website. GearDownload, like other operators, stores this information. 

Information collected from cookies: in order to offer you a personalized service, GearDownload may use cookies to ease storing and tracking your preferences. For instance, we may use cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly, or to deliver content specific to your interests; the content contained is not distributed to third parties. 

Cookies are "txt" files offered to your browser by a web server and then stored on the hard-disk of your computer. Most of browsers are set to accept cookies. But if you prefer, you can reset your browser so as to let you know whenever you receive a cookie or even to refuse cookies. However, you should know that some parts of GearDownload website can only be normally seen if your browser allows cookies. 

GearDownload allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within the GearDownload site. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on the GearDownload site. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see. 

You need to acknowledge that, whenever you disclose information in public areas on the website, such as submitting reviews, that information becomes public and can easily be tracked and used by unauthorized persons. Although GearDownload does its best in order to protect your personal data, we cannot entirely grant you its safety. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. You should also know that you are the only one responsible for keeping the secret of your passwords, usernames etc. 

### **2\. How does GearDownload use the information?**

We use the information we gather for four general purposes:  
GearDownload uses the information collected from you for several purposes, depending on the type of data collected:  
\- information provided directly by the user: this information is used only in order to personalize the services that we offer you and to check your identity;  
\- information from traffic references: this type of info helps us identify the parts of our site of most interest for you. GearDownload also collects the IP addresses of its users, in order to safely manage our computer system;  
\- information collected from cookies: GearDownload uses cookies to help you with our services and with getting statistic information for the services improvement. Cookies allow us to save your passwords and your preferences so that you do not have to introduce them again at your next visit.

### **3\. Who has access to the information collected from you?**

As a rule, GearDownload will never unveil any sort of personally identifiable information about any of its users, without their prior express consent. On the other hand, GearDownload may unveil this kind of data when expressly permitted by law or when this measure is necessary in order to protect GearDownload rights and interests.

As a conclusion, when you access GearDownload website and are asked to offer information about you, only GearDownload will have access to them. However, you acknowledge that our site contains links to some partner sites. GearDownload is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. 

Our online surveys may ask visitors for contact information (like their e-mail address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). The customer's contact information is only used to contact the visitor when necessary. We do not share this information with third parties.

We may use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.   


### **4\. How will I know if the privacy policy is changed?**

Any modifications to our privacy practices will be reflected first within this area of our network of Web sites. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our sites that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy statement. If we are going to be using the information collected from users in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, we will send affected users written notice of the change by e-mail.

### **5\. I have questions, who should I write to?**

Questions regarding this privacy statement should be sent via e-mail to gear@geardownload.com or to our corporate offices. We read every message submitted and try to reply promptly to every one. We may also file your comments to improve the site, or review and discard the information.  

