> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the slamcity.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150318215035id_/http%3A//www.slamcity.com/privacy-and-cookie-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy and Cookie Policy

To bring us in line with new EU rules regarding cookie usage on websites our Privacy and Cookie Policy provides clear information on what cookies are, which cookies we use and why, and how you can control cookie usage during your visits to Slamcity.com.

We are committed to protecting your privacy and the security of any information given to us in order for us to process your order.

We will not gather or hold personal information about you unless you have given your express permission for us to do so. By placing an order, you will consent to the use of such personal information. Any personal information held or processed will be kept up-to-date and will be destroyed as soon as the reason for its collection or processing has lapsed. No personal data about customers will be passed to any third party, except to offer you the opportunity to purchase from us, to fulfil the delivery of the goods to you, and as is necessary to process credit or debit card payments. Your privacy and confidence will be respected at all times.

When you place an order we need to collect your name, address, e-mail and telephone number as well as details of the method by which you intend to pay for the Goods. This information allows us to process your offer to purchase Goods and delivery of those Goods to you. We use your e-mail address to send you notification of the status of the order. We will contact you by e-mail or by telephone if any problems occur regarding delivery of the Goods to you. This information may be provided to third party service providers for the purpose of processing your offer to purchase the goods. We may use your e-mail address to provide you with information on products, services, promotions and special offers where you have indicated that this is acceptable by placing an order therefore agreeing with our terms and conditions. If you supply your email address without placing an order, we may pass your email to a third party organisation in order to offer you the opportunity to purchase from us. Your email address will not be used for any other purpose and will not be held on file by ourselves or any third parties after the reason for collecting it has lapsed. Should you wish to stop receiving emails from Slam City Skates, you can unsubscribe using the 'unsubscribe' link at the bottom of the emails, or by emailing us at shop@slamcity.com with your unsubscribe request.

We will not sell or pass your details to third party organisations except to offer you the opportunity to purchase from us, to fulfil delivery of the goods to you and for the purpose of processing your offer to purchase the goods.

By making offer to purchase Goods you consent to the information you provide to us being processed for any of the above purposes.

Cookies are small pieces of information in the form of text files that are sent to your browser from our web server and are stored on your computer. Cookies are essential to using the Slam City website, as they gather information on the type of platform you’re using to view our website e.g. Windows, IPhone, PS3. We use this information to optimise our website for your particular platform, so that you have the best experience no matter which platform you use.  To gather information which allows us to identify your platform and record sales so we may improve customer experience and identify issues on the site. To ensure you are provided with correct and useful information during your visit to our site. To allow you to add items to the basket and proceed through our checkout and to collect data which allows us to improve our services based on purchases and site usage.  

The security of your transaction is important to us and to prevent any details being seen by unauthorised persons it is protected throughout the payment process. To do this we use a secure server to encrypt the information before it is sent to the payments processor.

If you have any queries about these terms and conditions, or any other aspect of our website, or you have a complaint, you can e-mail us at shop@slamcity.comor and we shall respond to any communication received by us as quickly as we can.
