> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the slated.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150324182735id_/https%3A//www.slated.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Slated › Privacy Policy

Updated as of July 2, 2013

Slated, Inc. (“ **Slated** ,” “ **Company** ,” “ **we** ” or “ **us** ”) recognize that your privacy is important and we take it seriously. This Privacy Policy describes the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you access or use the Services or Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect about you by other means (including offline) or from other sources, or to any information collected by our affiliates or third parties. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms/).

By accessing and using the Services and/or Site through which you may provide information to us, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not access or us the Services or Site, nor provide any information to us. We reserve the right to update or make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion, and we may notify you of changes by any reasonable means, including without limitation, by notifying you at the email address you provide us in your User Profile or by posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy on the Site, which changes will become effective immediately upon the transmission of such email or posting on the Site, whichever occurs first. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the “Updated” legend at the top of this Privacy Policy. Please return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Privacy Policy. Your continued access or use of the Services and/or Site after any changes to this Privacy Policy have been made shall constitute your agreement and consent to such changes.

**1.     Information We Collect.**

**_Personal Information_**. We collect both personal information and non-personal information about you. Personal information identifies you or another person as an individual and includes such items as your name, email address and payment information. Personal information about you also includes detailed information about your qualifications of being an investor when you complete our Investor Questionnaire and other forms which ask for your information. We collect personal information about you only when you voluntarily provide it to us, such as when you register for an account, purchase a subscription to our Services, send us an email or other communication, or post Content to the Services or Site.

**_Non-Personal Information_**. Non-personal information does not personally identify you as an individual and includes such items as aggregated information, demographic information and any other information that does not reveal your specific identity. We and our third party service providers may collect non-personal information from you, including your MAC address, your computer type, screen resolution, OS type and version, Internet browser, cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, and other similar technologies to better serve you with more tailored information and facilitate your ongoing use of our Site. We and our third party service providers may also collect non-personal information such as demographic data (e.g., your location), as well as personal information that has been aggregated in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other User of the Services or Site. When you visit the Site, we may send one or more "cookies," which are small data files, to your device to uniquely identify your browser and let Slated help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Site. A cookie may convey anonymous information about how you browse the Services to us, but does not collect personal information about you. A persistent cookie remains on your computer after you close your browser so that it can be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Services. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser's directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Services may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the use of cookies. To learn more about cookies, please visit [http://www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).

**_IP Addresses_**. Your IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet service provider. This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever users visit the Site, along with the time(s) of such visit(s) and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many web sites. Please note that we treat IP Addresses, server log files and related information as non-personal information, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.

**2.     How We Use Your Information.**

**_Personal Information_**. We may use your personal information in the following ways:

  * To create an account and your Eligible User Profile for you when you register with us.
  * To fulfill your requests, respond to your inquiries, provide services, or complete transactions you have requested.
  * To send you important information regarding the Services or Site, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information. Because this information may be important, you may not opt-out of receiving such communications. 
  * To inform you of services, promotions and programs that we believe you may be interested in. 
  * To resolve problems or issues with the Services, Site or other Users. 
  * To invite others designated by you to use the Services or Site, if you choose to use our invitation email service to invite a friend to the Services and Site. In such instances, we will send an email to your friend who you wish to invite, and store such email address to be used for registration, if your friend elects to register for the Services and Site, and to track the results of our invitation service. Slated will not send any other types of emails to the email addresses of friends you have invited to the Services and Site.
  * For our internal business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products or services, enhancing our Site, improving our Services, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns. 
  * As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) in any manner permitted under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations, business and systems; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of other Users, including you; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. 



**_Non-Personal Information_**. Because non-personal information does not identify you in any way, we may use and share with third parties non-personal information for any purpose, including our own internal business purposes. If non-personal information is combined with any of your personal information, then such combined information will be treated by us as personal information for so long as such information is combined. When you use the Site, we may collect information indirectly and automatically (through the use of cookies, as described below) about your activity on the Site, including the geographic location of the IP address you are using to access the Internet, the type of browser used, number of clicks, platform type, referring/exit pages, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site and date/time access information. We may also use clear GIFs or web beacons to track usage patterns of Users on the Site or Services. Additionally, we may use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. The information is used to enable more accurate reporting and make Slated better for our users. Slated may use certain third-party services such as Google Analytics or UserVoice to help understand use of the Services. Google Analytics and UserVoice collects the information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, including cookies and your IP address. Google Analytics and UserVoice also receives this information and their use of it is governed by their respective privacy policies.

**3.     How We Share Your Information.**

**_Personal Information_**. We may disclose your personal information: To our third party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment and credit card processing, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer service, e-mail delivery services, and other similar services to enable them to provide services to us. To an affiliate or other third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). To third parties with your consent. We do not control third parties' use or disclosure of your information. As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) in any manner permitted under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations, business and systems; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of other Users, including you; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.

**_Non-Personal Information_**. Because non-personal information does not identify you in any way, we may share non-personal information with any third party for any purpose.

**4.     Other Important Terms Regarding Our Privacy Practices.**

**_Users With Whom You Share Your Information_**. We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you share your personal information, including information contained in any Content you make available through the Services or Site. We do not control how other Users will use or share any information provided by you.

**_Targeted Advertisements_**. We may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Services and Site. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on the Services and Site, and they automatically receive your IP address. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content. While we do not provide any personal information to any third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent, if an advertiser asks us to show an advertisement to a certain type of audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. The Slated Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we do not control the activities or practices of, third-party advertisers. Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers for more information.

**_Protecting Your Information_**. Slated uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit or provide to us or guarantee that your information on the Services or Site may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, administrative and/or technical safeguards. Additionally, we will not be responsible or liable to you for third party circumvention of our security measures. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), you must immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the "Contacting Us" section below.

**_Opting Out of Receiving Communications From Us_**. You may opt out from receiving marketing-related emails or other communications from us on a going-forward basis by contacting us in accordance with the "Contacting Us" section below. We will try to comply with your opt-out request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt out as described above, this will apply to marketing messages from us only. We will not be able to remove your personal information from the database of any other Users with whom you have shared such information or from third parties to whom you have previously authorized us to share such information (i.e., to which we have already provided your personal information as of the date that we implement your opt-out request). Please also note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, and you cannot opt-out from receiving administrative messages.

**_Accessing, Changing or Suppressing Your Personal Information_**. If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress, delete or otherwise limit our use of your personal information that has been previously provided to us, you may contact us in accordance with the "Contacting Us" section below. You can update and change your account information and email preferences at any time by logging in to your account. In your request, please make clear what information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your personal information suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your personal information. We will try to comply with your request as soon as and to the extent reasonably practicable. Again, we cannot remove your personal information from the database of any other Users you have shared such information or from third parties to whom you have previously authorized us to share such information. We may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, and there may also be residual personal information that will remain within our databases and other records even after you have requested the removal of your personal information from our databases.

**_Retention Period_**. We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.

**_Children’s Privacy_**. Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important to us. The Services and Site are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these individuals do not provide any personal information to us. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of thirteen (13) unless we first obtain permission from that child's parent or legal guardian. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from from anyone under the age of thirteen (13) without permission from that child’s parent or legal guardian, we will take steps to remove that information.

**_Storage of Personal Information_**. We may store and back-up personal information within databases located within and outside of the United States.

**_Jurisdictional Issues_**. We do not represent or warrant that the Services or Site, or any part thereof, is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Services or Site do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. By providing personal information through the Services or Site, you consent to the transfer of personal information to other countries, such as the United States, which may provide a different level of data security than in your country of residence.

_Contacting Us_. If you have any questions about our practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

privacy@slated.com  

