> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the builtinnyc.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-03-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050307173612id_/http%3A//builtinnewyork.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Built in New York™ Architecture, Design, Construction and Real Estate Community - NY, NYC

**Privacy Statement**

**[Return to Built in New York Home](https://web.archive.org/web/20050307173612id_/http%3A//builtinnewyork.com/index.html)**

  


The short, understandable version is this:

**1.** BuiltinNewYork will not sell or share your information with any party at any time without your direct approval.

**2.** By signing up with BuiltinNewYork, you can opt-in to receive information about new campaigns or offers from us via email. Otherwise, it's up to you to come to the site to find out what you're missing.

**3.** If you choose to opt-in to a campaign, you are allowing us to share the results of your actions with the client. (Just so you know, our clients are interested in your opinion, not your "personal information").

**4.** You need to be at least 13 years old if you want to register to use this site.

Here's that long, legal version:

Participation  
We will closely guard any personally identifiable information you disclose to us during registration or at any other point during your BuiltinNewYork experience. Information will only be shared with a third party if a member requests for that information to be shared, by participating in an offer/program/opt-in/opt-out. A member may request that this information be shared, by opting-in to programs or newsletters that may require information such as, but not be limited to, first name, last name, occupation, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, selected interests or date of birth. Not all offers/programs/opt-ins/opt-outs specify exactly which pieces of information will be shared. By joining BuiltinNewYork, you are able to opt-in to receive mail from BuiltinNewYork. You can opt-out BuiltinNewYork Mail at any time and still maintain an active BuiltinNewYork account.Information Collection and Use  
BuiltinNewYork is the sole owner of the information collected on this site, and from its licensed software. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. BuiltinNewYork collects information from our users at several different points on our website.Registration  
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name, e-mail address and postal address), additional psychographic information, and information needed for shipping rewards. This information is used to contact the user about new campaign notifications, specific campaign directives, and reward approvals, changes in point offerings. In addition, we ask a user to provide legitimate proof of address. Proof of address is required in order to guard BuiltinNewYork from fraudulent activities. This information is also used for shipping purposes for BuiltinNewYork. If we have trouble processing a Reward, this contact information may be utilized to contact a user.Our Cookies  
A cookie is a piece of data we store for each user session that gives you a unique id number for that session. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user ends their session, the cookie simply terminates. We use cookies on our site so that you can move from page to page while staying logged into your account. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site, and we will set each link to contain the user's unique id number for your current session.Log Files  
We do track certain information such as type of browser and log on time for our own use. We use this information only to track where our users may be coming from and what type of software they are using. We keep this information so we can continuously improve our users online experience and improve the BuiltinNewYork Web Site. None of this information can ever be traced back to any specific person and is useful only to BuiltinNewYork.Security  
We work to protect your information by using Secure Socket Layers (SSL) software to encrypt your information when it is being transmitted to us. Access to data is limited through the use of internal firewalls and strictly enforced. This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. While we use both passwords and user names to protect information online, we also do everything in our power to protect users' information off-line. All of our users' information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment and professionally maintained. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.Special Offers and e-mail  
We send all new members a welcoming e-mail to verify password and username. BuiltinNewYork does this in order to establish that the e-mail address given upon registration is not fraudulent. Established members will occasionally receive e-mails containing information regarding new campaigns, rewards and directives from BuiltinNewYork if they have opted-in. "Opted-in" means the user has approved certain e-mails to be sent to them from BuiltinNewYork.Site and Service Announcements  
Under rare circumstances BuiltinNewYork may need to contact specific or all users in order to make an important announcement about the BuiltinNewYork.com site or service changes. Members are not able to un-subscribe, or "opt-in/opt-out" of these announcements, because they may contain very important information regarding their accounts. Before these measures are taken, however, BuiltinNewYork will post information regarding changes directly on the web site. BuiltinNewYork reserves the right to contact users to correct account errors or to supply important information BuiltinNewYork deems relevant.Age/Residency Requirements  
Effective April 21, 2000, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) mandated that all websites must be in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). While the BuiltinNewYork.com site is not directed at children under the age thirteen (13), you must be at least 13 years old, be a United States resident and have a valid e-mail address to enroll in the BuiltinNewYork Program ("Program"). Enrollment and participation in the Program is open to individuals only (no corporations or other legal entities). Each individual who enrolls in the Program is responsible for providing this information requested herein and for updating any such information to insure its accuracy. Receipt of inaccurate or misleading information will adversely affect the ability of BuiltinNewYork to operate the Program and provide services to clients required by members and participants. In this regard, BuiltinNewYork reserves the right to terminate a member's membership in the Program if misleading or intentionally incorrect personal information is provided. Points earned by a member are for that member's account only and cannot be transferred or combined with other member's points for any purpose. We reserve the right to modify or discontinue the Program with or without notice to members. BuiltinNewYork will not be liable to any member or any third party should BuiltinNewYork exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Program. | 
