> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rbl.ms privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630082919id_/http%3A//blog.rebelmouse.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# RebelMouse Privacy Policy

We take your privacy seriously. We are providing this privacy policy (the “Policy”) to inform you of the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you use the services we provide on our website ([www.RebelMouse.com](https://www.rebelmouse.com/), the “Site”) or mobile applications (collectively, the “Service”), as well our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing such information. 

This Policy applies to information we collect (I) on our Site; (II) in email or other electronic messages between you and RebelMouse; (III) through RebelMouse mobile and desktop applications; and (iv) when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertisements include links to this Policy. This Policy does not apply to information collected by (I) us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by any third party; or (II) any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on our Site. If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, please let us know (see “How to Contact Us”, below). 

We reserve the right to change this Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. We will notify you of any changes to this Policy by posting a new Policy and updating the "last updated" notification date at the top of this page. **Please note that when you use the Service, you are consenting to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Policy in effect at such time. Please review this Policy periodically for changes.**

  


  * **How We Collect Information:** We collect information in three basic ways:

  * We collect information that you voluntarily provide to become a registered user of our Service, and when you use certain aspects of our Service.

  * We collect information when you register to join RebelMouse by logging into an account that you already have with certain third-party social networking sites ("SNS") (including, but not limited to, Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram and Twitter). For example, our Service allows you to create an account and login for the Service using your Facebook account credentials through Facebook Connect. If you are not currently registered as a user of our Service and you click on “Sign Up with Facebook,” you will first be asked to enter your Facebook credentials and then be given the option to register and join RebelMouse.

  * When you browse or use our Service, technological tools including “Log Data”, “Cookies”, “Flash Cookies, and “Web Beacons” collect certain information, as explained in the following section.

  * **What Information We Collect and How We Use It:**

  * **Personal and Non-Identifying Information.** When you register to join RebelMouse without the use of an SNS account and use our Services, we collect personal information about you that is personally identifiable (“Personal Information”). If you decide to create your user account by logging into a SNS account via the Service, you are using the Personal Information you have already provided to the SNS (such as your “real” name, email address and other information you make publicly available via the SNS) to create your RebelMouse user account. For example, by using Facebook Connect, you are allowing RebelMouse to access the Personal Information in your Facebook account pursuant to the Facebook policies governing your use of our Service via Facebook. The information we collect may depend on the privacy settings you have with the SNS, so please consult the SNS’s privacy and data practices. The Personal Information we collect may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, SNS sign-in or username, profile photo, free-form biography, and, in connection with payments you make, your shipping address, billing name and address, and credit card information. We also collect other information that you provide as part of registration, the operation, and personalization of your experience on RebelMouse that cannot reasonably be used to identify or contact you (e.g., without limitation, age and individual preferences) (“Non-Identifying Information”). Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be personally identified or contacted. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other Non-Identifying Information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other RebelMouse users to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and understand how our Service is used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions.




The following are examples of how we may use Personal and Non-Identifying Information: 

_Account registration._ We create your RebelMouse user account using the Personal Information you provide us. 

_Communications._ We use your Personal Information to contact you with RebelMouse newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you, including notifications of changes to this Policy. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your “email” user preferences in your account settings by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes. (See “Your Choices About How We Use Your Information,” below.) 

_Customer service._ We use your Personal Information to respond to your questions or inquiries. Please note that we retain records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.

_Finding friends._ You also have the option to import your personal contacts (including email addresses of friend lists via a SNS) to the Service so that you can find your friends on the Service, and so that your friends can find you on the Service. 

_Messaging via a RebelMouse Account._ . As part of the Service, we permit you to communicate with other registered and non-registered users through use of your RebelMouse accounts.

  


  * **Mobile software.** Our mobile software allows users to access and use our services from their mobile devices. From the mobile software, you also have the option to identify the location of user content that you wish to upload to our Site. In addition, in the event that our mobile software crashes on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model, software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our mobile software.

  * **Log Data.** When you use our Service through the Site, whether as a registered user or a non-registered user, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as the browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Service and the Service’s technical administration, to increase our Service’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor our Service to our visitors’ needs. For example, some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Service again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Site and users of our mobile application meet the criteria required to process their requests.

  * **Cookies.** Like many online services, we use “cookies” on our Site to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer or mobile device’s hard disk.




We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize “persistent” cookies to save your login information for future logins to the Service. Second, we utilize “session ID” cookies to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor aggregate usage by RebelMouse users and web traffic routing on the Service. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Service and close your browser. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our Site. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for “persistent” or “session ID” cookies, see “Your Choices About How We Use Your Information” below.

  


  * **Web Beacons.** We may also use web beacons (known as clear GIFs, web bugs, pixels, or action tags). These technologies are strings of code that deliver a tiny graphic image on a web page or in an email. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as cookies, the time and date a page is viewed and a description of the page on which the web beacon is placed. We use web beacons for various tracking purposes, like determining whether or not you are logged into the Site, have opened an email, or are connected to a third-party service. Except to “Authorized Third Parties” (set forth below), we do not tie the information gathered by web beacons to your personally identifiable information.

  * **Flash Cookies.** Some of the Service’s third-party partners may use Flash cookies, otherwise known as local shared objects (LSOs), to collect and store information about your preferences and behavior on our Site. Flash cookies keep collections of data stored in a directory on a user's computer, and are installed through Adobe's Flash video player. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see “Your Choices About How We Use Your Information” below.

  * **Authorized Third Parties.** We work with a few select third party partners to analyze usage of our Site with the goal of improving user experience (see “Service Providers”, below).

  * **Who We Disclose Your Information To:**

  * **RebelMouse Users.** When you register through the Service and submit Personal Information to create a profile or visual collection, other RebelMouse users will see your name. If you choose to provide additional Personal Information in your profile, RebelMouse users will see such additional Personal Information, including, but not limited to, your photo, location, website and biography. Providing additional Personal Information is voluntary and should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with RebelMouse users. We recommend that you guard and refrain from disclosing any information you consider sensitive and confidential.

  * **Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information.** We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information except as otherwise set forth in this Policy.

  * **Service Providers.** We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services (e.g., maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Service’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. As a part of our ongoing analysis of the Service, KISSmetrics has access to certain Personal Information, like your IP address. KISSmetrics treats all information shared as confidential, and is not authorized to reveal, sell, share, or exchange data with any third-parties. You can opt-out of KISSmetrics tracking by clicking [here](https://www.kissmetrics.com/). Due to KISSmetrics’ technical limitations, however, KISSmetrics can only opt you out by setting a cookie on its domain [kissmetrics.com](https://www.kissmetrics.com/). When you visit the RebelMouse Site, KISSmetrics we will attempt to read this cookie. If the cookie is present, KISSmetrics will not track any information about you. However, if you clear this cookie or if your browser rejects third-party cookies you will lose your opt-out status. This cookie only works on your current browser. You will have to visit this page and opt-out for each browser you use.

  * **Social Networking Sites.** We may share the information in your RebelMouse account (including your Personal Information) with the SNSs that you have linked to your RebelMouse account. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only for this purpose (unless the SNS has received your Personal Information independently of the Service) and not for other purposes. You may update certain SNS preferences, including the option to share or post your RebelMouse activity through your respective SNS accounts, under your RebelMouse account settings.

  * **Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.** RebelMouse cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We can disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process including, but not limited to, subpoenas, to protect the property and rights of RebelMouse or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or poses a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.

  * **Business Transfers.** RebelMouse may sell, divest, transfer, assign, share or otherwise engage in a transaction that involves some or all of our assets, including any or all of the information described in this Policy, in the course of a corporate divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or any other similar transaction or proceeding.

  * **Promotional Partners.** We may share the information we have collected from you with our promotional partners to assist them in monitoring the effectiveness and relevancy of their advertising campaigns. Even though we do not disclose your Personal Information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.

  * **Your Choices About How We Use Your Information:** You have several choices regarding the use and disclosure of your information on our Service:

  * **Public Forums; Voluntary Disclosure.** If you disclose any information in comment boards, discussion pages, blog posts or other public areas, it becomes public information and can be read, collected, or used by others. As previously noted, providing additional Personal Information during your registration process (see “Who We Share Your Information To” above) is also voluntary and should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with RebelMouse users. Please exercise caution when disclosing any Personal Information you consider sensitive and confidential, and refrain from publicly disclosing direct contact information such as your mailing address, phone number, or email address. We cannot control the actions of other users of the Service with whom you may choose to share your information.

  * **Email Communications; Opt-Out Policy.** If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive certain types of email communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your user preferences in your account settings by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes.

  * **Cookies.** If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept persistent or session ID cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described in Section 2, above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's [_website_](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html). If you disable or refuse to accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use some or all portions of the Service. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify cookies, please let us know (see “How to Contact Us”, below). Here is a list of the most common domains for the cookies on the Service - www.rebelmouse.com, www.rbl.ms, www.twitter.com, www.facebook.com, www.google.com, www.youtube.com, plus.google.com, s3.amazon.com, www.soundcloud.com.

  * **De-Linking SNS.** If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to have your SNS account (e.g., Facebook or Twitter) linked to your RebelMouse account, then you may de-link the SNS account in the “content and feeds” section of your account settings.

  * **SNS Transmissions.** You may provide information to be published or displayed on or transmitted to SNS accounts, and do so at your own risk. We cannot and do not guarantee that such transmission will not be viewed by unauthorized persons or violate the privacy policy or statements of a third party SNS.

  * **Changing or Deleting Your Information.** All users may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their user account (including any imported contacts) by contacting us (see “How to Contact Us”, below) or by editing their profile via the Service. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. If you completely delete all of your Personal Information, then your user account may become deactivated. Additionally, if you delete your Personal Information from the Site or mobile application, copies of the Personal Information you have disclosed may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other RebelMouse users. (For more information on how to control your user generated content on the RebelMouse Service, please see our Terms of Service.)

  * **Links to Other Sites and Services:** Our Service contains links to other third-party websites and online services. The fact that we may link to a website or online service is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites and online services, and these third parties may place their own cookies or other files on your computer and collect data or solicit personal or non-identifying information from you. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites or online services you visit before providing any information or using such websites or services.

  * **How We Store and Protect Information:**

  * **Information Security.** We care about the security of your information. We use commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of information collected and maintained through the Service. However, the transmission of information via the internet, whether through the RebelMouse Site or mobile application, is not completely secure. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by unauthorized persons. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.

  * **Phishing.** Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to RebelMouse. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We will not request your credit card information, login information, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website.

  * **Breach Notification.** We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on the Website in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay.

  * **International Users.** The offices and data processing equipment of the Service are located in the United States. If you visit the Site from another country, please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain through your use of the Site may be transferred to and processed in the United States and will be subject to United States law. United States privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence. By using the Site or providing us with information, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the United States, and acknowledge that RebelMouse is not bound by the privacy and data protection laws of any other country.

  * **Our Policy Towards Children's Information:** This Service is not directed to or intended for children under 13. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not provide Personal Information to us. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should [email us](mailto:early@rebelmouse.com). If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.

  * **How To Contact Us:** If you have any questions about this Policy or any of the practices described herein, please contact us at 560 Broadway, Ste. 308, New York, NY, 10012, call us at (917) 780-2264, or [email us](mailto:early@rebelmouse.com).

  * **Your California Privacy Rights:** Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer information that we share with our affiliates or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: 560 Broadway, Ste. 308, New York, NY 10012, Att: RebelMouse.



