> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the c-heads.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190611172102id_/https%3A//www.c-heads.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - C-Heads Magazine

Personal data (usually referred to just as “data” below) will only be processed by us to the extent necessary and for the purpose of providing a functional and user-friendly website, including its contents, and the services offered there.

Per Art. 4 No. 1 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, i.e. the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as the “GDPR”), “processing” refers to any operation or set of operations such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination, or otherwise making available, alignment, or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction performed on personal data, whether by automated means or not.

The following privacy policy is intended to inform you in particular about the type, scope, purpose, duration, and legal basis for the processing of such data either under our own control or in conjunction with others. We also inform you below about the third-party components we use to optimize our website and improve the user experience which may result in said third parties also processing data they collect and control.

Our privacy policy is structured as follows:

I. Information about us as controllers of your data  
II. The rights of users and data subjects  
III. Information about the data processing

### Information about us as controllers of your data

The party responsible for this website (the “controller”) for purposes of data protection law is:

Christine Guggenberger  
Spitalmühlgasse 6  
2340 Mödling  
Austria

Telephone: upon request  
Email: contact@c-heads.com

### Use of Google Analytics _  
_

Based on our legitimate interests (i.e., interest in the analysis, optimization, and economic operation of our online offer within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) lit. DSGVO), Google Analytics uses a web analytics service provided by Google LLC (“Google”). Google uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about the use of the online offer by the users are usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.

Google is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement, which provides a guarantee to comply with European privacy legislation ([https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active](https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active)).

Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our online offer by users, to compile reports on the activities within this online offer and to provide us with further services related to the use of this online offer and the internet usage. In this case, pseudonymous usage profiles of the users can be created from the processed data.

We only use Google Analytics with activated IP anonymization. This means that the IP address of the users will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there.

The IP address submitted by the user’s browser will not be merged with other data provided by Google. Users can prevent the storage of cookies by setting their browser software accordingly; Users may also prevent the collection by Google of the data generated by the cookie and related to its use of the online offer and the processing of such data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>

The personal data of users will be deleted or anonymized after 12 months.

Here’s more information on Google Inc’s data usage: <https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en>

### Use of Google Fonts

We use Google Fonts of Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) on our website. The use of Google Fonts is done without authentication and no cookies and the Google Fonts API are sent. Your Google Account information transmitted during your use of Google Fonts. Google only records the use of CSS and the fonts used and stores this data securely. More about these and other questions can be found at <https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq?tid=231544625969>.

What data Google collects and what data is read from [https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.](https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)

### Use of Facebook, Google+, Twitter and Instagram plugins

 _Use of Facebook social plugins_

This website uses social plugins (“plugins”) from the social network facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). The plugins are recognizable by one of the Facebook logos (white “f” on a blue tile or a “thumbs up” sign) or are marked with the addition “Facebook Social Plugin”. The list and appearance of Facebook Social Plugins can be viewed here: <https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/>.

When a user calls a web page of this site that contains such a plugin, its browser establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transmitted by Facebook directly to your browser and incorporated by him into the website. The provider therefore has no influence on the amount of data that Facebook collects with the help of this plugin and therefore informs users according to their level of knowledge:

By integrating the plugins, Facebook receives the information that a user has accessed the corresponding page of the offer. If the user is logged in to Facebook, Facebook can assign the visit to his Facebook account. If users interact with the plugins, for example, press the “Like” button or leave a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to Facebook and stored there.

If a user is not a member of Facebook, there is still the possibility that Facebook will find out and save their IP address. According to Facebook, only an anonymous IP address is stored in Germany. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, as well as the related rights and options for protecting the privacy of users, can be found in Facebook’s privacy policy: <https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/>. If a user is a Facebook member and does not want Facebook to collect data about him through this offer and associate it with his member data stored on Facebook, he must “Log out” on Facebook befire visiting the site.

It is also possible to block Facebook social plugins with add-ons for your browser, for example with the “[Facebook Blocker](http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/)“.

 _Google+_

Google+ is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). For an overview of Google’s plugins and their look, see [developers.google.com/+/web/](https://developers.google.com/+/web/)

 _Twitter_

This site uses the buttons of the Twitter service. These buttons are provided by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. They are recognizable by terms such as “Twitter” or “Follow”, associated with a  blue bird. With the help of the buttons it is possible to share a post or page of this site on Twitter or to follow the provider on Twitter.

When a user calls up a web page of this web site containing such a button, its browser establishes a direct connection to the servers of Twitter. The content of the Twitter buttons is transmitted by Twitter directly to the user’s browser. The provider therefore has no influence on the extent of the data that Twitter collects with the help of this plugin and informs users according to their level of knowledge. After this, only the IP address of the user, the URL of each web page when the button is received, but not used for purposes other than the appearance of the button.  
Further information can be found in the privacy policy of Twitter at <http://twitter.com/privacy>.

 _Instagram_

Instagram is operated by Instagram L LC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA (“Instagram”). An overview of the Instagram buttons and their appearance can be found here:  
<http://blog.instagram.com/%20post/36222022872/introducing%20-%20instagram%20-%20badges>  
Instagram Privacy Policy [help.instagram.com/155833707900388/](https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388/)

If you do not want Google, Facebook, Twitter or Instagram to directly associate the data collected via our website with your profile in the respective service, you must log out of the relevant service before visiting our website. You can completely prevent the loading of plugins with add – ons for your browser, eg. With the script blocker “NoScript” (<http://noscript.net/>).

### Cookies

a) Session cookies  
We use cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files or other storage technologies stored on your computer by your browser. These cookies process certain specific information about you, such as your browser, location data, or IP address.

This processing makes our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure, allowing us, for example, to display our website in different languages or to offer a shopping cart function.

The legal basis for such processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR, insofar as these cookies are used to collect data to initiate or process contractual relationships.

If the processing does not serve to initiate or process a contract, our legitimate interest lies in improving the functionality of our website. The legal basis is then Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.

When you close your browser, these session cookies are deleted.

b) Third-party cookies  
If necessary, our website may also use cookies from companies with whom we cooperate for the purpose of advertising, analyzing, or improving the features of our website.

Please refer to the following information for details, in particular for the legal basis and purpose of such third-party collection and processing of data collected through cookies.

c) Disabling cookies  
You can refuse the use of cookies by changing the settings on your browser. Likewise, you can use the browser to delete cookies that have already been stored. However, the steps and measures required vary, depending on the browser you use. If you have any questions, please use the help function or consult the documentation for your browser or contact its maker for support. Browser settings cannot prevent so-called flash cookies from being set. Instead, you will need to change the setting of your Flash player. The steps and measures required for this also depend on the Flash player you are using. If you have any questions, please use the help function or consult the documentation for your Flash player or contact its maker for support.

If you prevent or restrict the installation of cookies, not all of the functions on our site may be fully usable.

### Youtube

This website uses the Privacy Plugin from Lyte. The Youtube videos are cached with a preview image not by YouTube servers but by the own server. That means, it will not connect to any YouTube servers before you click and confirm the play button. This allows embedding YouTube videos without sending data to Google/youtube with every page view. This plugin only connects to Youtube when the user actively clicks the play button. More information can be found here: <https://github.com/michaelzangl/wp-video-embed-privacy/wiki/How-it-works>

Starting the video could trigger further data processing. We have no influence on that. For more information about privacy at YouTube, please see their privacy policy at: <http://www.youtube.com/t/privacy_at_youtube>

### SoundCloud

On our pages Soundcloud can be embedded – a service of social network SoundCloud (SoundCloud Limited, Berners House, 47-48 Berners Street, London W1T 3NF, United Kingdom.). When you visit our page, after activating the Play button, a direct connection is established between your browser and the SoundCloud server. SoundCloud receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click the “Like” or “Share” button while logged into your SoundCloud account, you may link and / or share the contents of our pages with your SoundCloud profile. This allows SoundCloud to associate your account with our pages. We point out that we as the provider of the pages are not aware of the content of the transmitted data and their use by SoundCloud. For more information, see the SoundCloud Privacy Statement at <https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacy>

If you do not want Soundcloud to associate the visit to our pages with your SoundCloud user account, please log out of your SoundCloud user account before enabling content from the SoundCloud plugin.

### Vimeo

We use components of the supplier Vimeo on our site. Vimeo is a service of Vimeo LCC, 555 West 18th Street, NY, New York 10011, USA. Each time you visit our website, which has such a component, this component causes the browser you are using to download a corresponding representation of the component from Vimeo. When you visit our site and you are logged in to Vimeo, Vimeo recognizes, through the information gathered by the component, which specific site you are visiting and assigns this information to your personal account with Vimeo. Click e.g. If you click on the “Play” button or leave a comment, this information will be transmitted to your personal user account at Vimeo and stored there. In addition, the information that you have visited our site is passed on to Vimeo. This happens regardless of whether you click on the component / leave comments or not.

If you wish to stop this transmission and storage of data about you and your behavior on our website through Vimeo, you must log out of Vimeo before you visit our site. The privacy notices of Vimeo provide more detailed information, in particular for the collection and use of data by Vimeo: <https://vimeo.com/privacy>

### Online presence in social media

We use online presence within social networks and platforms (Facebook, Instagram, Tumblr and Twitter) in order to communicate with customers, fans and users and to inform them about our services and news. Buy using the respective networks and platforms, the terms and conditions and the data processing guidelines apply to their respective operators.

We do not save or store any users’ data from the social networks as long as they communicate with us f.e.send us a message directly and we need for answering their request.

### Use of Bigcartel

This website uses Bigcartel, an online store service of Big Cartel, LLC. Information about Bigcartel’s privacy policy can be found here: [help.bigcartel.com/privacy-policy](http://help.bigcartel.com/privacy-policy)

 _Transfer of personal data for order processing_

The personal data collected by us for order processing (name and address) will be passed on to the transport company commissioned with the delivery within the scope of the contract, insofar as this is necessary for the delivery of the goods.

 _payment processing_

All data required for payment processing will be used only exclusively for the execution of the order. We use the online payment services PayPal (PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg) and Stripe. (Stripe Payments Europe Ltd, Block 4, Harcourt Center, Harcourt Road, Dublin 2, Ireland) By using this service, you are agreeing to the PayPal Terms of Use and Privacy Policy <https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full> or Stripe (<https://stripe.com/at/terms>).

After completion of the contract, your data will be blocked with regard to the laws of tax and commercial retention periods.

 _Collaboration with processors and third parties_

If, in the context of our processing, we disclose data to other persons and companies (contract processors or third parties), transmit them to them or otherwise grant access to the data, this will only be done on the basis of a legal permission (eg if a transmission of the data to third parties, as required by payment service providers, pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR to fulfill the contract), you have consented to a legal obligation or based on our legitimate interests (eg the use of agents, webhosters, etc.).

If we commission third parties to process data on the basis of a so-called “contract processing contract”, this is done on the basis of Art. 28 GDPR

### Server log files

The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:

Browser type / browser version  
used operating system  
Referrer URL  
Host name of the accessing computer  
Time of the server request  
These data can not be assigned to specific persons. A merge of this data with other data sources will not be done. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively, if we become aware of specific indications for illegal use.

### Linking

Liability for links

Our site contains links to external websites of third parties on whose contents we have no influence. The respective provider or operator of the pages is always responsible for the contents of the linked pages. No guarantee is given for the contents and the correctness of the information of linked websites of foreign information providers.

### Handling contact information

If you contact us by e-mail, your data will be stored for 12 months to process the request and in the case of follow-up questions so that they can be used to process and respond to your request. We will never share this data with third parties without your consent.

### Handling of submitted pictures and data

If you send us a submission via e-mail, all sent data will be stored for 12 months to process the request and in case of follow-up questions. If the images have been published, the consent form (the mail) as well as other data sent and required (f.e. Model Agreement, for publication, Model Release) will be stored for the period of time the article / posting is online and available at www.c-heads.com to prove the approval of a publication. We will not share this data with third parties without your consent.

### Changes, corrections and Deletion

The user has the right, upon request, to receive free information about the personal data that has been stored about him. In addition, the user has the right of the correction of incorrect data, blocking and deletion of his personal data, as far as no legal duty of storage is contrary.

### If you have any questions, please contact us

contact @ c-heads.com – Christine Guggenberger, Spitalmühlgasse 6  
2340 Mödling AUSTRIA

 _Thank you for visiting our site._
