> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cyberghostvpn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161226125837id_/http%3A//www.cyberghostvpn.com/en/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - CyberGhost VPN

The service www.cyberghostvpn.com (hereinafter called CyberGhost VPN) is a product offered by CyberGhost S.R.L. (hereinafter called CyberGhost), Romania.

CyberGhost has an unequivocal company policy: the strongest observance of data protection and uncompromising protection of the user privacy. Therefore, the user’s personal data is not monitored, recorded, logged or stored.

Many companies state that they take your privacy seriously – we state that too and we really mean it! CyberGhost is a service which protects privacy. We act accordingly when collecting and storing data.

We collect and store only the data needed to operate the service. In order to improve the quality of the service, we store data such as the utilization degree of the servers. However, we do **not** store statistical data, which can be linked to a user account. Also, we do not store data on who had used which server and when.

In this Privacy Policy, CyberGhost explains how it collects and use data, when you visit our internet page cyberghostvpn.com and when you use our service CyberGhost VPN. Therefore, please read carefully the present Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, please send us an e-mail to [privacy@cyberghost.ro](mailto:privacy@cyberghost.ro) and we will try to answer you as soon as possible.

  


## 1\. Data collected and used by CyberGhost

**Personal data:** CyberGhost collects and uses **no** personal data, such as e-mail addresses, name, domicile address and payment information.

If you register for the Premium-Service of CyberGhost VPN, we store a fully anonymous User ID, an encoded password and your pay scale information (activation key, start and end).

In order to be able to separate the payment data from the data of the user account, CyberGhost itself does not process any orders or payments. We work exclusively with resellers. CyberGhost cooperates for the payment operations of Premium-Rates on www.cyberghostvpn.com and within its own Client with cleverbridge (cleverbridge AG, 2-4 Brabanter Str., 50674 Cologne, Germany). Further information on cleverbridge data safety can be found on the [Security-Page](http://www.cleverbridge.com/corporate/technology/security) of cleverbridge AG.

CyberGhost collects e-mail addresses only within the Newsletter announcements or promotional actions and uses them, in order to send product information on a regular basis. The stored e-mail addresses are **not** linked to a User ID. The e-mail addresses are stored separated by language, in a Data Processing Center in EU (Romania). You can request anytime to be deleted from our e-mail database. A corresponding unsubscribe link is attached at the end of each product information sent by us.

**Log data:** CyberGhost keeps no logs which enable interference with your IP address, the moment or content of your data traffic. We make express reference to the fact that we do not record in logs communication contents or data regarding the accessed websites or the IP addresses.

CyberGhost VPN records exclusively for statistical purposes non-personal data (such as for example, data regarding the utilization degree of the servers), which do not represent in any moment a danger for your anonymity. Such serve exclusively for the improvement of the service quality.

**Cookies:** In order to enable you a simplified Login to cyberghostvpn.com, a Cookie is deposited on your computer, comprising the data requested for your authentication in encrypted form.

**Logs on websites:** CyberGhost uses Google Analytics and Mixpanel for the statistical assessment of user access on cyberghostvpn.com. Both uses the so-called "Cookies", text files stored on your computer, which enable an analysis of the use of the website via you. The information generated by Cookies regarding your use of the internet offer is stored by CyberGhost itself in a data processing center in EU (Romania). The IP address will become anonymous immediately after processing and storage thereof. You can prevent the installation of Cookies by a corresponding configuration of your browser software; however, CyberGhost informs you that, in such case, it is possible that you will not be able to use all functions of this website.

**Logs on apps:** CyberGhost uses Mixpanel for the anonymous statistical assessment of user access and Instabug for troubleshooting (crash reports and bugs). All information is anonymous and contains no personally identifiable data. 

**Customer Services:** The communication with the CyberGhost Customer Service (by e-mail or Live-Chat) is generally stored for 6 months, unless you inform us that you would like to delete the conversations immediately.

  


## 2\. How does CyberGhost use the collected data

CyberGhost uses the collected data in order to make available and maintain CyberGhost VPN, in order to improve CyberGhost VPN and to better adapt the service to your needs, in order to send you information on CyberGhost VPN, to provide you Updates and Upgrades and in order to notify you on products news and actions.

If you subscribe to our Newsletter or had participated to a promotional action, but you would like to no longer receive advertising e-mails from CyberGhost, please follow the unsubscribe link in one of these e-mails.

**Information on the geographical location:** CyberGhost indicates in its Client data on the geographical location. Such are determined based on the IP and a geolocation data base, which can be found on our servers. No data are stored or forwarded to third parties.

  


## 3\. How does CyberGhost share and publish the collected data

CyberGhost forwards no data to third parties. We make express reference to the fact that we do not share data with social networks or advertising networks. CyberGhost forwards data only to observe the applicable laws or to comply with a judicial order or to implement our General Business Terms.

  


## 4\. Safety

In March 2012, CyberGhost had successfully passed an audit and verification conducted by QSCert for the implemented Information Safety Management System (ISMS) according to the international industrial standards ISO27001 and ISO9001. The certification confirms the high quality of the internal safety processes and is renewed yearly ever since.

CyberGhost is ready anytime to provide access for inspection of our source code to any representatives of renown non-governmental organizations (such as for example CCC in Germany and EFF in USA).

During the development of the service and the selection of its service providers, CyberGhost has paid attention to providing a high degree of safety:

All data processing centers with which CyberGhost cooperates pass through a compliance process. CyberGhost has generally Root Access to all its servers and administers them itself.

All Digital Commerce Providers, with which CyberGhost cooperates, pass through a compliance process. Personal payment data are not processed by CyberGhost and are stored separately from the anonymous account data by CyberGhost.

  


## 5\. Transparency

As the first German-speaking anonymization service, CyberGhost publishes a VPN-Transparency Report on national inspection processes, copyright issues and reclamations of website administrators and individual persons. The transparency report can be accessed on our website [http://www.cyberghostvpn.com/en/transparency-report](https://web.archive.org/en/transparency-report) and is updated on a regular basis.

  


## 6\. Contact

If you have any questions in relation to this data protection regulation, you can contact CyberGhost at the address [privacy@cyberghost.ro](mailto:privacy@cyberghost.ro) or by post at CyberGhost S.R.L., Baratiei Street, No. 35, Fl. 4, District 3, 030197, Bucharest, Romania.
