> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ifcc.org privacy policy that was archived on 2011-09-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110914073610id_/http%3A//www.ifcc.org/PDF/homepage/privacy.pdf) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# IFCC Website: Privacy Statement

                                               IFCC Website: Privacy Statement
President
Doctor Graham H BEASTALL
Department of Clinical Biochemistry,
Macewen Building
                                     When you access this website, we do not ask you for and do not
Royal Infirmary, Castle Street,
Glasgow G4OSF
                                     obtain any personally identifiable information about you, nor do
UK
Tel/Fax: +44 (0)141 776 1565         we store or archive any such information. However, you should
Mobile: +44 (0)759 004 1717
E-mail: gbeastall@googlemail.com     know that most internet connected servers, including the server
Vice-President
                                     on which this website is housed, may obtain certain general
Professor Christopher W K LAM
Department of Chemical Pathology,    information about you, including, for example, your IP address,
The Chinese University of Hong Kong
Prince of Wales Hospital,
Shatin, N.T., Hong Kong
                                     your ISP, any link which led you to our Web site and possibly the
Tel: +852 2632 2332
Fax: +852 2636 5090
                                     link you follow on leaving, along with technical information on
E-mail: waikeilam@cuhk.edu.hk
                                     your browser and computer settings. Our Internet Service
Past President
Professor Jocelyn M B HICKS
4329 Van Ness Street, NW
                                     Provider and this website are not used to host, display or
Washington, DC 20016-5625
USA
                                     distribute information concerning patient identification
Tel: +1 202 363 0373
Fax: +1 202 363 5322                 whatsoever. We treat your personal data according to the laws of
Mobile: + 202 250 1057
E-mail: hicksjmb@gmail.com           the EU, Italy and other applicable local laws which regulate the
Secretary
Doctor Päivi LAITINEN
                                     storage, process, access and transfer of personal data. In some
Docent, Clinical biochemist,
EurClinChem, MHSc                    cases we remove personal identifiers from data you provide to us
Laboratory Oulu University Hospital
PO Box 500, FIN-90029 OYS, Oulu
FINLAND
                                     and maintain it in aggregate form. We may combine this data with
Tel: +358 8 315 4069
Fax: +358 8 315 4474
                                     other information to produce anonymous, aggregated statistical
Email: Paivi.H.Laitinen@ppshp.fi
                                     information (e.g. number of visitors, originating domain name of
Treasurer
Doctor Ghassan SHANNAN
26 Ghazawy Street, Western Villas,
                                     the Internet Service Provider), helpful to us in improving our
Mazzeh, Damascus
SYRIA
                                     services. The IFCC does not collect data for commercial or
Tel: +963 11 612 0309
Fax: +963 11 512 8453                marketing purposes and the IFCC does not sell, exchange or
E-mail: ghassanshannan@gmail.com
                                     otherwise distribute the data collected by servers hosting the
Corporate Representative
Priv.-Doz. Doctor Thomas BRINKMANN   IFCC website for commercial or marketing purposes.
Beckman Coulter Eurocentre
22 Rue Juste-Olivier
1260 Nyon
SWITZERLAND
Tel: + 49 2151 333 601
                                     Google Analytics. The IFCC website may use Google Analytics,
Fax: + 49 2151 333 636
Email: ifcc@beckmancoulter.com       a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google").
Members                              Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on
Doctor Bernard GOUGET
Conseiller Santé Publique
Fédération Hospitalière de France
                                     your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the
1 bis rue CABANIS CS41402
75993 PARIS cedex 14                 site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of
FRANCE
Tel: +33 1 440 68444                 the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and
Fax: +33 1 440 68445
Mobile: +336 0883 4604
Email: b.gouget@fhf.fr
                                     stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use
Mr. Joseph Bercmans LOPEZ
                                     this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the
Head, Dept. of Biomedical Sciences
MAHSA University College             website, compiling reports on website activity for website
50490 Kuala Lumpur
MALAYSIA                             operators and providing other services relating to website activity
Tel: +60 3 77272344
Fax: +60 3 7727 2344
Mobile: +60 12 2663280
                                     and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to
Email: jblopez@streamyx.com
                                     third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third
Doctor Ulisses TUMA
Rua 7 No. 380 Apto 1502              parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will
Sector Oeste Giania – GO
74110-090
BRAZIL
                                     not associate your IP address with any other data held by
Tel: +55 62 322 41852
Fax: +55 62 329 16579                Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the
E-mail: ultuma@terra.com.br
                                     appropriate settings on your browser, however if you do this you
IFCC OFFICE
Via Carlo Farini 81                  may not be able to use the full functionality of the IFCC website.
20159 Milano, ITALY
Tel: +39 02 66809912
Fax: +39 02 60781846
                                     By using the IFCC website, you consent to the processing of data
E-mail: ifcc@ifcc.org
IFCC WWW Site: http://www.ifcc.org
                                     about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out
                                     above.
