> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cashboardapp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180122044038id_/http%3A//cashboardapp.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cashboard Privacy Policy

Before you register with Cashboard, you must read and agree to this Privacy Policy (hereinafter known as the Policy). By using Cashboard (hereinafter known as the Service), you agree to be bound by the Policy and you agree that it is enforceable as if it were a written negotiated agreement signed by Subimage, LLC. (hereinafter known as Subimage) and you. 

Subimage may, at its sole discretion, modify or revise the Policy at any time and you agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions if you continue to use the Service. Subimage will notify you of such changes through email at least five business days prior to such changes taking effect. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service shall be subject to the Policy. Continued use of the Service after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. You can review the most current version of the Policy at any time at: http://www.getcashboard.com/privacy_policy. 

  1. Subimage asks for your name, address and other contact information during registration of a Cashboard account. For paid accounts, billing information will need to be requested as well. This includes but is not limited to credit card number and billing address. Subimage will take reasonable measures to ensure that such information is held in an encrypted and secure manner. 
  2. Subimage will not make any information collected available to third parties. We will not sell, rent, or share your personal information with anyone unless subpoenaed by a proper court with proper jurisdictional powers. 
  3. Subimage has the right to access your information in collecting aggregate data for overall usage statistics on the Service. 
  4. The Service sends out regular emails to you and people who you have given logins. This email is always generated as a result of actions taken inside the Service. Subimage, may, from time to time, send you emails on new features or offers, including offers from 3rd parties, that Subimage believes will be of interest to our users. You may opt-out of receiving such emails during the registration process or at any time by emailing Subimage that you do not wish to receive such emails. 
  5. Subimage stores the Service data on a secure hosted internet server. Subimage will take all reasonable measures and precautions to ensure that the internet server will remain secured. However, Subimage cannot guarantee or warrants your information from physical theft, disaster, or unforeseeable events or circumstances. 
  6. Subimage uses "cookies" to store session information. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. The Service may set and access Service cookies on your computer. Cookies are required to use the Cashboard Service. Subimage does not store any sensitive information within these cookies. However, Subimage cannot and dooes not warrant that any data stored within a cookie will be secure in any way. It is your responsibility to ensure the security of your particular browser and all information that it contains. 
  7. All user created data remains the property of the user (you). Subimage does not warrant the integrity of any user created data, does not warrant its legality, and does not warrant that it will be protected form user error, such as the user accidentally deleting, modifying, or overwriting data. You agree to indemnify Subimage from any and all responsibility related to the content of said data. 
  8. If you have any questions about this Policy, please [email Cashboard support](http://help.cashboardapp.com/discussion/new). 


