> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the castsoftware.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190427222526id_/https%3A//www.castsoftware.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CAST Privacy Statement

This Privacy Statement is effective as of May 2018

We at “CAST” recognize the importance of protecting your personal information and are committed to processing it responsibly and in compliance with applicable data protection laws in all countries in which CAST operates. 

This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we may collect from you, how we may use the information and with whom we may share it. In addition, we tell you how you can ask us to (i) access, change or not use the personal information we maintain about you, (ii) withdraw consent you previously provided to us, (iii) refrain from sending you certain communications, and (iv) answer questions you may have about our privacy practices. 

Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to the CAST website located at [castsoftware.com](https://www.castsoftware.com/) and [casthighlight.com](https://www.casthighlight.com/). 

## Why and how we collect and use your personal information

We may collect your personal information as an individual for various purposes, such as the following:

**Access and use of websites**  
When entering one of our websites, we collect information about your activities during your visit in order to personalize your website experience, such as recording your preferences and settings, and to collect statistics to help us improve and further develop our websites, products and services. 

**Responding to your request for information, job offer or support**  
When you contact us (online or offline) in connection with a request for information, to order a product or service, to provide you with support, or to participate in a forum or other social computing tool, we collect information necessary to fulfill your request, to grant you access to the product or service, to provide you with support and to be able to contact you. 

**Marketing**  
Information we collect about you comes from our interactions with you. When you register for an event we may collect information (online or offline) in relation to the event organization, and during an event, such as participation in sessions and survey results. We combine the personal information we collect to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence for conducting our business and for marketing purposes 

When visiting our websites or using our services we may provide you with personalized information. You can always opt-out from receiving personalized communication by sending an e-mail to [info@castsoftware.com](mailto:info@castsoftware.com).

## Use of Personal Information

As a global organization offering a wide range of products and services, with business processes, management structures and technical systems that cross borders, we may transfer the personal information we collect about you to CAST subsidiaries other than the country in which the information originally was collected.

Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy.

## How We Protect Personal Information

We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.

## Retention

CAST will retain your personal information for as long as is required to fulfill the purposes for which the information is processed or for other valid reasons to retain your personal information (for example to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements).

## Cookies

We collect information from your visits to our websites to help us gather statistics about usage and effectiveness, personalize your experience, tailor our interactions with you, and improve our products and services.

We use Google Analytics to collect visitor information so that we can better understand how to improve our products and services for you. One of the primary methods used by this tool is the placement of cookies. Cookies are small information files that an end user's web browser places on their computer when a website is visited. For information on disabling these cookies, please go to the privacy settings section within your browser. In addition to the session cookie, Google Analytics uses other data collection methods such as appending query strings to an image request. We store the data generated by Google Analytics securely and do not share it with third parties. To disable Google Analytics, please download the browser add-on for the deactivation of Google Analytics provided by Google at <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>. 

We also use third party remarketing cookies e.g. through Google Adwords. These cookies allow us to display tailored advertising to you on different websites across the internet based on your prior visits to our site. We do not collect any identifiable information about you through this remarketing process. You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads settings at <http://www.google.com/settings/ads>.

## Links to Other Websites

To allow you to interact with other websites on which you may have accounts (such as Facebook and other social media sites) or join communities on such sites, we may provide links or embed third-party applications that allow you to login, post content or join communities from our websites. 

Your use of these links and applications is subject to the third parties' privacy policies, and you should become familiar with the third-party sites' privacy policies before using the links or applications. CAST is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other websites.

## Access and Correction

You may obtain a copy of the personal information we maintain about you, update or correct inaccuracies in that information, or request that we remove your personal information from our systems and stop contacting you at any time by sending an email to [info@castsoftware.com](mailto:info@castsoftware.com) that details your request and includes your exact name, physical address and email address.

## Updates to Our Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. We will post a prominent notice on our website to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Policy and indicate at the top of the policy when it was most recently updated.

## How to Contact Us

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us:

by mail for North America at:  
CAST Software - Attn: Legal Counsel  
321 West 44th Street, Suite 501,  
New York, NY 10036

by mail Outside of North America at:  
CAST - Attn: Legal Counsel  
3 rue Marcel Allegot,  
92190 Meudon,   
France
