> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the castlelearning.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-03-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050307223511id_/http%3A//www.castlelearning.com/about/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CASTLE - Privacy Policy

CASTLE recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy. We have paid a great deal of attention to the issues of security, full disclosure, and a thorough privacy policy. Please note, however that this Privacy Policy co-exists with our Terms and Conditions of Use and any independent contracts or documents signed by you. Together these policies govern the general practices of this site. CASTLE encourages customers and visitors to familiarize themselves with these policies and documents. It is our policy to collect and store only the personal information knowingly provided by our members and visitors. We do not use "cookies" to collect information.

CASTLE collects and maintains the following personal information provided by members and visitors: 1) certain personal information, including your name, address and e-mail address, when you register for our services or purchase our products; and 2) information on which tests and training courses you have taken and whether you passed or failed them. We do **not** maintain the diagnostic information generated by our tests. CASTLE produces such information only to help examinees identify their personal strengths and weaknesses so that they may pursue focused training or courses of study. **By using this site, you are giving your consent to the gathering and use of information as set forth herein.**  


**Information Disclosure and Use**

CASTLE may use the personal information you provide in the following ways, unless stated otherwise: 

    1. to deliver the product or service you requested
    2. to develop new products and services and improve existing products and services
    3. to notify you regarding updates to our products and services
    4. to provide you with information about related products and services, based on the preferences you have indicated
    5. to administer and troubleshoot our systems more efficiently
    6. to enable billing.   




To describe our products and services to prospective clients and partners, CASTLE may disclose user information in an aggregate form that does not contain any individually identifiable information. CASTLE will not share your information with third parties, other than the client organizations with which you are affiliated. CASTLE does not collect credit card information; an independent vendor collects this information.   


**Security of Information  **

CASTLE maintains personal information gathered online in a secure environment protected from unauthorized third party access, alteration, or misuse.    


**Accuracy of Information  **

CASTLE is committed to maintaining complete and accurate information about our customers and visitors. Therefore, please notify us as soon as possible if you suspect that we have recorded inaccurate information about you or if you would like to review the information that we have collected about you. To notify us, contact us at [info@castleworldwide.com](mailto:info@castleworldwide.com). We will employ every effort to correct the information and notify anyone with whom we may have shared the inaccurate information.  


**Children's Guidelines**

CASTLE recognizes that children are especially vulnerable and may not understand the consequences of providing their personal information online. Therefore, CASTLE does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If you are not 13 years of age or older, please do not use this Web site. All children between the ages of 13 and 18 must obtain a parent or guardian's permission before registering for our services, purchasing our products, or downloading any files from our Web site.  


**Links**

This Web site may contain external links to other sites. CASTLE has no control over the content of third-party sites and is not responsible for any information contained on these sites. CASTLE also is not responsible for the privacy policies of these sites and the information they may gather expressly or automatically. 
