> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the castleworldwide.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141201193635id_/https%3A//www.castleworldwide.com/cww/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Castle Worldwide

###  Privacy Policy

**LAST UPDATED: July 18, 2014**

This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to information received by Castle Worldwide, Inc. (“Castle”). This Policy, together with Castle’s website Terms and Conditions, along with any independent contracts and documents signed by you, govern your visit to our Internet properties (including websites, web applications, social media pages, and other online or wireless  and wireless offerings that post a link to this Policy), as well as use of our services.

Castle encourages you to familiarize yourself with this policy. By providing information to Castle, or to Castle’s client that passes your information to Castle, you are giving your consent to Castle’s use of information as set forth in this Policy.

**We reserve the right to revise this Policy at any time. We will notify you of any material changes to the Policy by posting the new Policy here. You should periodically read this Policy to learn of any revisions.**

Castle may collect and maintain the following personal information: 1) personal information, including your name, address, and e-mail address, when you register for our services or purchase our products; and 2) information on which tests and training courses you have taken and whether you passed or failed them. Castle also collects information about your engagement with our testing and other products, such as time taken per question, how many log-in attempts were used, and other similar information.

###  Information Disclosure and Use

Castle may use or disclose the personal information you provide in the following ways:

• to deliver the product or service you requested,  
• to develop new products and services and to improve existing products and services  
• to notify you regarding updates to our products and services,  
• to provide you with information about related products and services, based on the preferences you have indicated,  
• to vendors or business partners to provide our services, for market and industry research purposes, and for other reasons,  
• to authenticate your eligibility to obtain a product or service,  
• to administer and troubleshoot our systems more efficiently, and  
• to enable billing.

To describe our products and services to prospective clients and partners, Castle may disclose personal information in an aggregate form that does not contain any individually identifiable information. Castle will not share your personal information with third parties, other than the client organizations with which you are affiliated, unless we are expressly authorized to do so.

If Castle sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, Castle may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. 

Castle may also release any data in order to comply with any legal process, including requests from law enforcement and government agencies, to enforce this Policy or the website Terms and Conditions, and other agreements, and to protect its interests and the safety and security of others. We may do so when we believe in good faith that disclosing this information is otherwise necessary or advisable, including, for instance, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with the rights or property of Castle, another user or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.

###  Cookies

Our website may use cookies. Cookies are small data files generated by web servers and stored in your computer for future access. We use them for a variety of reasons, such as to study visitors' use of the site and to improve your navigation of it. The majority of Web browsers accept cookies, but the "help" menu on your browser should give you options for preventing, accepting, or receiving notice of new cookies. You can configure your web-browser to disable cookies, but doing so may impair your use of the site.

###  Security of Information

Castle takes reasonable precautions to ensure the safety and security of information we collect; however, there is no fail-safe system that guarantees absolute security for web-based businesses due to the constant evolution of technology. Although security measures are in place, Castle cannot guarantee that a breach of security from an unauthorized outside agent will not occur. Castle agrees to keep all of its data security technology and software up-to-date as is commercially reasonable to ensure the protection of the material. 

###  Accuracy of Information

If you suspect that Castle has recorded inaccurate information about you or if you would like to review the information that we have collected about you, please contact us at i[nfo@castleworldwide.com](mailto:info@castleworldwide.com).

###  Children's Guidelines

Castle does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If you have reason to believe that Castle collected or is in possession of personal information from someone under 13 years of age, please let us know.

###  Links

We may provide external links to other sites. Castle has no control over the content of third-party sites and is not responsible for any information contained on these sites. Castle also is not responsible for the privacy policies of these sites and the information they may gather. We urge you to review the privacy policy of any site that you visit before providing any personal information to the site. 

###  United States Law; Consent to Transfer

Castle is a United States company, operating on servers located in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada, or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.

###  Notice to California Residents

California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, e-mail and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact us by e-mail to info@castleworldwide.com. We will respond to such requests for information access within 30 days following receipt at the e-mail. Please note that we are only required to respond to each customer once per calendar year.  
Additionally, California law requires that we indicate whether we honor “Do Not Track” settings in your browser concerning targeted advertising. “Do Not Track” is a standard that is currently under development. As it is not yet finalized, we adhere to the standards set out in this Policy and do not monitor or follow any Do Not Track browser requests.

###  Export Control Policy

Castle intends to operate strictly in compliance with all laws governing export control. Service may be denied to any organization or individual that is not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any sanctioned or embargoed country or on the List of Specially Designated Nationals or any similar list maintained by an agency of the United States government (“SDN List(s)”). As a condition of service, you agree that your personal information provided to Castle may be used to check against SDN Lists.

###  Contact Information

If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding this Policy, please contact us at:

[info@castleworldwide.com](mailto:info@castleworldwide.com)  
or  
Castle Worldwide, Inc.  
900 Perimeter Park Drive, Suite G  
Morrisville, NC 27560
