> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the casualclub.jp privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161030123501id_/http%3A//casualclub.jp/info/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

Article 1. Protection of privacy and handling personal information

Casual Club abides by the Swiss, international, Euopean and Italian norms (pursuant to Lgs.D.n.196/2003) in vigor concerning the protection of privacy and handlig personal information. Some information, signs or content (photographs or personal information) that members have the possibility of entering by engaging their own liability can reveal their social and ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, political opinions, membership to political parties, trade union associations or organisations as well as personal informations from which their health conditions or sexual life can be deduced. By entering such optional informations at their own free will, the member expresses consent to Casual Club to process such 'sensitive' data and takes the whole responsability.   
Furthermore, personal information collected (including but not limited to: members e-mail addresses, landline and/or mobile telephone numbers, text messages, interests and how they use the service) in compliance with Lgs.D.n. 196/2003 will be used both for internal communications concerning services offered by Casual Club and by Casual Club's partner companies to send advertisement and marketing comunications. 

Every user can send an e-mail at [www.help-tkd.com](http://www.help-tkd.com/en_GB/contact/index/pid/3) for everything regarding privacy concerns. The user must specify his nickname, password and e-mail address in order to acces his personal informations and have them modified, deleted or to forbid a specific use of them by Casual Club, following the methods described in this article at n°4 ('the holder of personal data'). Each member can, at the entry or at any later time, ask to receive and then ask for free via Casual Club to stop receiving the Casual Club newsletter and/or promotional offers sent via mail or by phone from Casual Club or its partners. 

The personal information gathered by Casual Club may include members' e-mail address, information about their physical appearance, users' interests and how they enjoy the Service.   
Furthermore, some non-personal information can be collected, such as the browser version (Internet Explorer, Mozilla, etc.), operating system used by the user (Windows 98, Windows Vista, Windows 7 Mac OS, etc) and the IP address of the computer used. Casual Club can use cookies whose purpose is to save the Member's identification information while visiting Casual Club, to prevent the Member from having to enter them manually for every page visited. Members can prevent the use of cookies any time they want by changing their Internet browser settings.  
By sending or entering personal information at Casual Club site, the user accepts the methods and purposes of the processing thereof and expresses his/her consent for their use according to the provisions of this article.   
Casual Club gathers personal information sent voluntarily by its users at the Casual Club web site and binds itself not to disclose the personal information in any way. 

  * While signing up to Casual Club network, there will be collected the following information: nickname, e-mail address, sex, birth date, nationality, place of residence, places where to seek contacts, personal sexual preferences; wanted sexual preferences; 
  * If other personal information is saved in the profile, Casual Club collects that information as well. 
  * If personal information is entered (including but not limited to: 'sexual preference' using one of the functions of Casual Club network, that information is subject to data gathering (published information). 
  * If the user contacts Casual Club by e-mail, the e-mail address and the information contained in the message will be stored. 



After signing up for Casual Club and accessing the services, the user is no longer anonymous. A user will be anonymous if he/she visits the Website without signing up for Casual Club. If further information is made available in the personal Information section, it will be collected using adequate technology. 

This website uses Google Analytics, a service of web analysis provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses some "cookies", which are text files stored in your computer, to allow the website, analyze how users use the website. The outcome of these cookies, on how the website is used by you (including your IP address), will be transmitted and stored at the US Google server. Google will use this information to track and examine your website usage, fill in reports on the website activity for the website's operators and supply other services related to the website's activity and to the Internet usage. Google may transmit this information to third parties, where required by the law, or in case these third parties treat the data on behalf of Google. Google will never link your IP address to any other data owned by Google. You may refuse to use the cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, but this might prevent you from using all the features of this website. By using this website, you agree to your data being processed by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

  * Personal data is processed electronically only, and it is handled using a computer-based authentication system. The user's information is archived in protected databases and can be accessed only by those in charge of handling them and in case of need only. 
  * The personal information provided by the user during sign-up, which is not a part of his/her personal presentation will not be accessible to third parties, nor will they be transmitted, sold or exchanged, except for the cases mentioned below and provided that the user has been informed in advance and the user's consent has been obtained or in case the user has not objected expressly thereto. 
  * When signing up, according the law D.lgs 196/2003, the user gives his/her consent to transmit his/her personal information to Casual Club partners for marketing and promotional purposes. At any later time the user, if he prefers not to receive offers which Casual Club or its partners might send him/her, can cancel his personal profile at the section: my account/e-mail service. 
  * Sometimes Casual Club can give general social-demographic information to some of its partners anonymously to conduct statistical studies and/or promotional surveys (for age groups, sex, etc). In those cases, no information will be used to identify individual users.
  * The contents published at registration, when choosing research parameters and defining can be accessed at the Casual Club site and by e-mail (newsletter). Furthermore this information can be divulged by Casual Club or other web sites or other means of electronic communication (e-mail, text messaging, etc.) or audiovisual (radio, television, etc.) or by press (newspapers, magazines, etc.). 



Please refer to the provisions of art. 5 'Intellectual property' as regards intellectual property rights on the contents. Members have the right to delete such content from the site at any time by terminating their contract with Casual Club, according to the provisions of art. 6 'Termination of contract and elimination of profile.' Since it concerns information available in the announcement, research criteria and the presentation of the Member, the data will be eliminated definitively only after the next time the (printed, audiovisual or digital) communication means containing the Member's contents have been updated or modified. 

The person in charge of the Processing sensitive information is the company Tekka Digital SA, the owner of Casual Club service, headquartered in Via Trevano 7, 6900 Lugano, Switzerland. The data and the www.jp site are protected at the headquarters of the Person in charge of processing the information.   
The Member can contact at any time, by sending an e-mail to [www.help-tkd.com](http://www.help-tkd.com/en_GB/contact/index/pid/3), the Person in charge of processing the information in order to obtain confirmation whether his/her personal data exists or not, even if they're not saved yet and have them communicated in an intelligible way.   
Furthermore, the Member has the right to request the Person in charge of processing personal information to delete his/her personal information (by that, it is meant to destroy such information without any possibility to restore it), transform it into anonymous form (changing the data into anonymous format) or to freeze the processing of their personal data (conserving the data by temporarily suspending any kind of processing).   
The Member has the right to object to the handling of any personal data that concern him/her, in whole or partly, on legitimate grounds, even if they are relevant to the purpose of the collection or are used for sending advertisement, direct sales, market research purposes or commercial communication.   


Contents divulgated by Casual Club

Casual Club® registered trademark, websites, services, logos, graphics, animations, videos and texts contained at Casual Club site are the intellectual property of Tekka Digital SA and users and/or members can not reproduce, use or represent them in any way or modality; offenders will be subject to legal action.   
All intellectual and industrial property rights protected based on copyright laws or other provisions concerning software, programs and computer systems regarding the Service, Casual Club's site and/or databanks, made available to the user or member in any form or format, will continue to be the exclusive property of Casual Club, which grants the user or member a non-exclusive, non-transferable personal end-user license in compliance with these terms and conditions.   
The right to use is strictly limited to the access and on-line use of Casual Club site and services for private and personal uses exclusively pertaining to and during the validity of Casual Club membership. Any other use is prohibited.   
In particular, members or users cannot edit, copy, reproduce, download, publish, transmit, commercially make use of and/or distribute services and the content of Casual Club site or the computer programming codes of the elements comprising the services and Casual Club site by any means. 

Contents divulgated by Members

Members bear the exclusive responsibility for contents, such as, profiles, messages divulgated and broadcast at Casual Club site. By publishing or broadcasting such content at Casual Club site, members authorize Casual Club expressly to reproduce, represent, adapt, translate, convert into digital format, extract completely or partially such content for any advertisement, marketing or any other purpose, to grant or authorize subcontracts, at Casual Club site or any other partner channel of the site, on any support or by any broadcasting means, especially digital means (e-mail, SMS, Internet, CD-Rom or DVD-Rom) or audio-visual communication (press, radio, terrestrial, digital, cable or satellite television.). The Member explicitly authorizes Casual Club to modify the above mentioned content in order to comply with the site's design or other media of communication mentioned above and / or to make them compatible with its technical processes or appropriate media formats. The member cannot copy, reproduce or otherwise use the content relating to other members except for the narrow needs of using the Services for personal and private.  
Members and/or users are banned from publishing or broadcasting content that may violate third-party intellectual property rights at the site or through Casual Club's services by any means. 

The user hereby agrees and warrants that the above contents, including personal pictures, are posted by the user and the user is the exclusive author of the content, including photos and profile, and that the use of such content by us does not infringe the rights of any third party.

Casual Club undertakes no obligation to publish content submitted by you or anyone else. Although we do not examine and we can not review every message and photograph or other material posted or sent by users of the Service and we are not responsible for the content of these messages or materials, we reserve the right, but assume no obligation, except as required by applicable law, to monitor, delete, move or edit messages, photographs or any of the material above, including, without limitation, announcements, profiles, public publications, photographs and messages which, in our sole discretion, we believe to violate these Terms or any guidelines applicable to the content, or are deemed otherwise unacceptable. The user is the solely responsible for the content of profiles, publications, public, photographs and any other material that the user uploads to the Service or for the users of the Service. We do not guarantee the accuracy of information provided by other users of the Service, or assume any responsibility to carry out checks to that effect.

The site uses cookies to identify you as a user of this Site, to remember your favorite language and to facilitate the surfing on the Site. It is possible to deactivate the cookies in your own Internet browser, but if you do so, some parts of the Site won't work correctly.

To learn more about the cookies, including flash cookies and local storage technologies, we suggest you to visit the following sites:

  * [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/)
  * [www.youronlinechoices.eu](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/)
  * <http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html>
  * [www.google.co.uk/goodtoknow/data-on-the-web/cookies](http://www.google.co.uk/goodtoknow/data-on-the-web/cookies)



The site uses Google Analytics to gather data on who visits the website. This information is used to draft a report and improve the site itself. The cookies, gather in an anonymous way, some type of data such as the number of visits, origins of the visitors and the visited pages. For further information regarding the Google privacy Policy please check <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/>
