> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the al.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-08-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20000819002053id_/http%3A//www.al.com/policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Alabama Live Privacy Policy

[](https://web.archive.org/) |  |  |  [](http://ads2.advance.net/RealMedia/ads/click_lx.ads/www.al.com/policy/index.html//20000818202052/253681588/BannerTop/ALABAMALIVE/AL_WEATHER/weatherbanner.jpg/64306439366438323339396464326530)  
---  
  
The Alabama Live Web site is maintained by Alabama Live, LLC, 4975 Bradford Drive, NW, Huntsville, Alabama, 35805. We can be reached by e-mail at [Webmaster@al.com](mailto:%20webmaster@al.com). 

**HOW ALABAMA LIVE USES INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU** : This site does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. Or if you choose to purchase items through our commerce site, we will forward your information to third parties for credit card processing and order fulfillment. A user's personally identifiable information may be used by Alabama Live, LLC and its affiliates for editorial purposes. Alabama Live, LLC may also use such information for marketing and promotional purposes. Alabama Live, LLC may share your personally identifiable information with other companies with which it conducts business. For example, if you enter our contests, make a purchase, or use our e-mail services, we sometimes rely on outside companies to provide these services to you. In such cases, we need to provide your personally identifiable information to them. We also sometimes provide your information to our advertisers, so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs. While Alabama Live, LLC will seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it was provided, Alabama Live, LLC does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of any third parties. 

Except for purposes outlined above, we do not provide, sell or lease your personally identifiable information to any third parties, unless otherwise stated at the time of collection. If you have any questions or concerns regarding what is done with your information on any part of Alabama Live, please e-mail us [Webmaster@al.com](mailto:%20webmaster@al.com) before submitting any information. 

We also collect anonymous, aggregated data and provide it to our advertisers and other companies that we do business with for market research and statistical purposes. For example, we might report to our advertisers that a certain percentage of users are between the ages of 30-35. 

Finally, you should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., first and last name, address, e-mail address, etc.) on the forums or in the chat areas, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties. 

**COOKIES** : Alabama Live may place a "cookie" in the browser files of Alabama Live's users' computer. The cookie may contain personally identifiable information. Cookies enable Alabama Live to serve information that you have requested, or to relate your use of Alabama Live to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided to Alabama Live. You also may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers. Alabama Live does not control these cookies and these cookies are not subject to this policy. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is common in the Internet industry. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, it is possible that some portions of Alabama Live will not function properly if you do so. For further information on cookies and their use, see the help instructions delivered with your browser or contact the browser's manufacturer. Alabama Live cannot provide help regarding your browser's cookie settings. 

**CHILDREN** : Be sure to ask your parents for permission before you send any information about yourself (your name, address, e-mail address, etc.) to us or anyone else over the Internet, and before making any purchases online. If you are under the age of 13, you are not allowed to use this service. 

**PARENTS** : We encourage you to get involved with your children's online usage and to be aware of the activities in which they are participating. This service is not intended for users under the age of 13. This service does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from users under the age of 13. Such users are expressly prohibited from submitting their personally identifiable information to us, and from using our forums and chat areas; any information submitted by such users will not knowingly be used, posted, or retained by us. Any personally identifiable information collected by Alabama Live from children above 13 (that we are aware are children above the age 13) will be used only for Alabama Live, LLC's internal purposes such as market research, sweepstakes fulfillment, and for fulfilling requests for information or materials, and may sometimes be included in our database. However, such information will not be posted or published by us, or provided to any third parties, without your prior consent. Additionally, anonymous aggregated data is sometimes provided to other companies with which we do business, for statistical and market research purposes as described above. Finally, you should be aware that if your child voluntarily discloses his name, e-mail address, etc. on various forums or chat areas such disclosure may result in unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should discourage your child from doing so. 

If you have any concerns regarding your child's use of our service, please contact us at [Webmaster@al.com](mailto:%20webmaster@al.com). Your child's use of Alabama Live is also governed by our Online User Agreement. [Please read it here.](https://web.archive.org/forums/rules.html)

[](https://web.archive.org/bookmark/bookmark.html)

[Bookmark Us ](https://web.archive.org/bookmark/bookmark.html)| [Advertise With Us](https://web.archive.org/aboutus/adinfo.html) | [Email Us ](mailto:feedback@al.com)| [Job Opportunities](https://web.archive.org/aboutus/employment.html)

Click to read our [Online User Agreement](https://web.archive.org/forums/rules.html) and [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/policy/)

© 1998 Alabama Live, LLC. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, except for personal, non-commercial use, and may not be distributed, transmitted, cached on proxy servers, or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Live.
