> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 49ers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030618194443id_/http%3A//www.49ers.com/help/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# San Francisco 49ers

| 

49ers.com Privacy Policy

This privacy statement is applicable to the San Francisco 49ers and all its affiliates. The San Francisco 49ers do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.

The San Francisco 49ers' policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our users.  
The San Francisco 49ers do not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from a contest or sweepstakes registration, the purchase of products or services offered on the site, the registration process for subscription sites or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., chat and bulletin boards), suggestions, voting/polling activities and transactional areas.  
Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection but may be shared with the applicable online partner collecting such personally identifiable information. At such points of collection, the user may have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from the San Francisco 49ers and/or any third parties. Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, the San Francisco 49ers reserve the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.  
The San Francisco 49ers may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the San Francisco 49ers' rights or property, other users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. The San Francisco 49ers may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.

The San Francisco 49ers reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. The San Francisco 49ers will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. Also, users should be aware that the San Francisco 49ers may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through the San Francisco 49ers site. The San Francisco 49ers are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information. Users should be aware that when you are on the San Francisco 49ers site you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from the San Francisco 49ers site that take you outside our service. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement, the "click" takes you off the San Francisco 49ers site. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use a logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where you end up. 

Additionally, users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) on bulletin boards or in the chat areas of the San Francisco 49ers sites, if any, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user's communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of the San Francisco 49ers.

Users also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of the San Francisco 49ers' internet servers or through the use of "cookies." Cookies are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a user's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. Users should be aware that the San Francisco 49ers cannot or does not control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for the San Francisco 49ers. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the San Francisco 49ers site.  
Upon request, the San Francisco 49ers will allow any user to "opt out" of further promotional contacts at any time. Additionally upon request, the San Francisco 49ers will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user's request, the San Francisco 49ers will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.

The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our guests is of utmost concern to us. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers, utilizing encryption software.   
Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access, each having signed compressive nondisclosure agreements, which provides explicit legal confidentiality protections. Any employee who violates our privacy and/or security policies is subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination and civil and/or criminal prosecution.

The San Francisco 49ers reserve the right to change this policy at any time. Substantive changes to this privacy statement will be noticed by posting notice of such changed policy on this page. Please check this page regularly. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.  
By using this site, you signify your assent to the San Francisco 49ers' Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the San Francisco 49ers site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.

Questions regarding this statement should be directed to:

> Internet Manager  
>  San Francisco 49ers  
>  4949 Centennial Blvd.  
>  Santa Clara, California 95054

or send email to the [Privacy Policy Coordinator](mailto:49ersweb@niners.nfl.com).  
 

| 
