> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the afroporn.biz privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616064847id_/http%3A//www.afroporn.biz/policies/privacy_policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Afroporn.Biz VHS Video and DVD - Privacy Policy !!

| **Privacy Policy** |

Your privacy is important to us. [Afroporn.Biz](https://web.archive.org/) has created this Privacy Policy to inform you of the information collection practices for our websites, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared. We are committed to protecting the online privacy of visitors. We believe that greater protection of personal privacy on the web will not only protect consumers, but also increase consumer confidence and ultimately their participation in online activities. At Afroporn.Biz, we intend to give you as much control as possible over your personal information. porn sex

Our websites may contain links to other websites. We have no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors or other websites to which we provide links from our websites. You should check the applicable Privacy Policy of the website sponsor when linking to other websites.

**Personally Identifiable Information that We Collect:**  
In general, you can visit this website without identifying yourself or revealing any personally identifiable information. There are times, however, that you may choose to give us personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, phone number, email address, credit card number (only if you choose to purchase a product online) and other information about yourself. For example, if you sign up for our email updates, you will need to provide us with your email address. We also provide you with the opportunity to email us questions or comments about our websites and our company. If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet that our business partners or we may need – to correspond with you, to process an order or to provide you with a subscription, for example – then it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information. Like many other commercial websites, our websites may utilize a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how our websites are used. Cookies were designed to help a website recognize a user's browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was previously browsing the website. Our cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive or pass on a computer virus. Our websites may use cookies to enhance your visit. Cookies can securely store a user's password, personalize pages, and identify which parts of a website have been visited or keep track of selections, such as those selected in a "shopping cart." Our cookies may collect a domain name (for example, "aol.com" or "earthlink.net") and track a path through our websites. We only use "cookies" to gather the information indicated in this policy and do not use cookies to gather personal identifying information about you without your consent. 

We may require you to supply us with personal information during a "registration" process online prior to using certain features or accessing certain sections of our websites. We may use this general information in statistical form to understand our website's demographics, such as percentage of male and female users, geographic location, age ranges, or a combination of these or other demographics. As detailed below, we will not share specific information about you to advertisers or third parties without your consent.

**Our Use of Your Personally Identifiable Information:**  
We only use the personally identifiable information that is provided by you through our websites to help us improve our services to you, to provide you with the information you have requested, to respond to your questions or resume submission, and for other internal purposes. Any non-personally identifiable material, information, suggestions, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, questions, comments or other communication you transmit or post to our websites in any manner is and will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary ("User Communications"). Afroporn.Biz, each of its affiliates and/or their designees may use any or all User Communications for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, reproduction, transmission, disclosure, publication, broadcast, development, manufacturing and/or marketing in any manner whatsoever for any or all commercial or non-commercial purposes. Afroporn.Biz may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review any information you provide through our websites. Afroporn.Biz shall have no obligations to use, return, review, or respond to any requests, information, questions, material, comments, submissions or other communications through our websites. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from our websites any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, offensive, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law. Afroporn.Biz will have no liability related to the content of any such communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. 

We may perform statistical analyses of aggregate user behavior. This allows us to measure relative consumer interest in the various areas of our websites for product development purposes. Any information we collect is used for our own internal purposes to improve the content of our websites, to enhance users' experiences when visiting our websites, to customize the content and/or layout of our pages, and to provide the services required by an individual user. We do not use personal identifying information for any reason that is not disclosed either in this policy or at the time the information is requested. Aside from an automatic reply to an email received by us, it is our intent not to email to you unless you request a particular service (such as newsletters or updates), or consent to being contacted by email.

**Third Party Access to Your Personally Identifiable Information:**  
Afroporn.Biz will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to others. Unless we have your permission, we will only share the personally identifiable information you provide online with other Afroporn.Biz entities and/or business partners who are acting on our behalf for the uses described in this Privacy Policy; provided, however, we will cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or requested by a law enforcement agency to provide information about a user of our websites. All Afroporn.Biz entities and/or business partners having access to your personally identifiable information are subject to this Privacy Policy with respect to the use of your personally identifiable information. 

We do not share personal identifying information with any third party without your permission. We disclose only in aggregate form our statistical analyses or demographics of users to third parties, such as advertisers or other business partners. This aggregate information does not include names or email addresses. In some instances, we operate shared websites with businesses affiliated with us. Our Privacy Policy will apply to these websites. Please be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personal information (such as your name or email address) in chat areas or forums or to third parties, that information may be collected by others outside our control and may result in unsolicited messages from others. 

**Information Security and Quality:**  
We intend to protect the quality and integrity of your personally identifiable information. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to help us keep your information secure, accurate, current, and complete. We will make a sincere effort to respond in a timely manner to your requests to correct inaccuracies in your personal information. To correct inaccuracies in your personal information please return the message containing the inaccuracies to the sender with details of the correction requested or send us an email using the form on this website.

We seek to ensure the security of personal information submitted by our users. When collecting credit card information for online purchases, we offer secured-server transactions that encrypt your information in transit to thwart someone from intercepting it and misusing it. When we collect other information from our users, it is stored in an area to which the general public does not have access.

**Newsletters and Notices:**  
After registering, you may be given the choice of subscribing to one or more of our newsletters or notices. You may elect to subscribe or un-subscribe at any time.

**Sending or Recommending:**  
When a visitor chooses to send website information to a friend, or recommend one of our websites, the names and email addresses are not logged. Afroporn.Biz will send a one-time email inviting them to visit the appropriate website. Afroporn.Biz will never send another email to that given address for any purpose.

**Accuracy of User Information:**  
Questions regarding our Privacy Policy, the accuracy of your personal information or the use of the information collected should be sent to Afroporn.Biz via our [Contact Page](https://web.archive.org/contact/)

This policy is effective as of **Sept 17, 2004**. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time, and will post any changes as soon as they go into effect. 

|   
---|---
