> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the askbangladesh.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120929065800id_/http%3A//askbangladesh.com/cms/index/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ask Bangladesh Privacy Policy

## Privacy Policy

This website is owned and operated by ASK Bangladesh.Com Ltd. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information. We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:   
(a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of our websites (which may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, referral source, entry page, exit page, length of visit, number of page views, route taken through our website, and similar information);   
(b) information relating to any enquiries you make which may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, company name, role/position, payment details and details of the proposed use or uses of the template documents;   
(c) information relating to or supplied to us in connection with any legal services we may provide to you;   
(d) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with our website blogs (your name and email address);   
(e) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (your name, email address and areas of interest); and   
(f) any other information that you choose to send to us.   
We may use your personal information to:   
(a) administer the website;   
(b) improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website;   
(c) enable your use of the services available on the website;   
(d) send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications;   
(g) send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;   
(h) send to you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);   
(i) provide third parties with statistical information about our users (but this information will not be used to identify any individual user); and   
(j) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.   
Where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us. We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.   
In addition, we may disclose information about you:   
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;   
(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;   
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk); and   
(d) to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling. A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.   
We use session cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies to keep track of you whilst you navigate the website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser.   
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.   
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking Tools, Internet Options, Privacy, and selecting Block All Cookies using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you.   
You may instruct us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes (by email or otherwise) at any time. (In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal data for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal data for marketing purposes.)   
We will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy. Information which you provide may be transferred to different countries where the information will be treated as per the country rule. In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available, via the internet around the world. You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information. We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes. The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of those websites. The Site and its contents are not intended to be targeted to minors under applicable law and we do not intend to sell any of our products or services to minors. However, we have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our Site and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages. If a minor has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us by email, or by post to ASK Bangladesh.Com Ltd, Dhaka Trade Center (12th Floor), 99 - Kazi Nazrul Islam Avenue, Kawran Bazar, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1212, Bangladesh.   

