> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the askkids.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101229112042id_/http%3A//sp.askkids.com/docs/askkids/privacypolicy_new.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# About AskKids.com: Overview

This Privacy Policy governs information collected through the Ask Kids web site.

**Ask Kids** is a website hosted in the United States and dedicated to kids who live in the United States. Ask Kids believes that maintaining the online privacy of children is essential to building a safe, child friendly site where kids can search,learn and play. We provide the following privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") in conformance with the 1998 Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA").

AskKids may provide links to Ask.com or other websites affiliated with Ask.com. Ask.com is governed by a different privacy policy even though it shares the "Ask" brand. Please see Ask.com's [privacy policy](http://sp.ask.com/en/docs/about/privacy.shtml) for more information on the privacy practices of Ask.com.

When you click on search results found on Ask Kids, they also click through to websites that are not owned or operated by Ask Kids. Ask Kids does not control what type of information these sites may collect from you.

**1\. What information does Ask Kids collect about you?**  
Each time you make a search query on Ask Kids, we collect certain information: (a) your IP (Internet Protocol) address; (b) the address of the last URL (website) that you visited before clicking through to Ask Kids; (c) the type of browser and operating system you have on your computer; (d) your browser language; (e) the data in any undeleted "cookies"that your browser previously accepted from us (see "Does Ask Kids use cookies?" below); and (f) the search queries you submitted.

**What is an IP address?** Since your computer is connected to the public Internet, it is assigned a unique number known as an Internet Protocol (IP) address. IP addresses consist of four numbers separated by periods and look something like 127.0.0.1. An IP address can often be used to identify the region or country from which a computer is connecting to the Internet. An IP address can sometimes be used to identify a particular computer.

**What is a cookie?** A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a computer for record keeping purposes. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies. A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate our website. A persistent cookie remains on your computer for a longer period of time. Ask Kids persistent cookies are set to expire in 2040 unless they are disabled sooner.

Ask Kids does not collect information that can identify you(such as name, email address), or require you to give such information in order to access or use the Ask Kids website. If you choose to submit your email address to us through the [feedback form](http://www.askkids.com/contact), then we will delete your email address for our records within 48 hours of responding to your email.

Ask Kids collects statistics on searches and queries made by its visitors and the search results the visitors click on. We may also collect statistics through a visitor survey. Ask Kids does not ask for information such as names, email addresses or telephone numbers in these surveys and will delete from its survey records any information that can identify you. Statistical information is combined(aggregated) so that individual visitors cannot be specifically identified. For example, we might know that 100 visitors searched for information about giraffes, but we do not know who those visitors were. This information helps us make editorial and design decisions to make Ask Kids more helpful and easier to use. We can also use this information to provide our advertising partners with general information on Ask Kids. In addition, we may use this information to help us target advertising or content for the website in general (and not to a particular visitor).

Ask Kids displays links to other websites (including those of our advertisers). When you click through to those other sites, they may ask you for information that can identify you, such as your name, email address or telephone number. Collection of such information by such other websites will be governed by the terms of those other sites' privacy policies - not this Privacy Policy. Ask Kids is not responsible and will not be liable for the privacy policies, data collection practices or compliance with law of those other websites.

**2\. Does Ask Kids use cookies?**

Ask Kids may track user visits and behavior on the Ask Kids site by placing a cookie on your computer's hard drive or browser. Behavior information includes the search results you select, the frequency of your queries, whether you click on Sponsored Results (which are advertisements) or other search results and whether you perform other activities (such as using the drawing or stickers features) on the website. The information we collect with cookies helps us do three things: First, we can remember what drawings or stickers you chose for your Ask Kids page and can display those the next time you visit Ask Kids, so the cookies enable us to help you personalize your Ask Kids page. Second, we can monitor queries and search results selection to make sure our safety filters are working, that we do not process queries that are of an adult nature, and that we provide child friendly results to kids' search queries. Third, the information we collect through cookies helps us understand better how children use Ask Kids and what they are interested in, and we use this information to improve the quality of the services and offer new features that we think our audience will like. We do not use this cookie information to profile our users for advertising and we do not share it with anybody except companies that help us analyze the cookie data so we can understand it.

If you want to remove the cookies that Ask Kids placed on your computer or browser, the "Help" feature of your Internet Explorer®, Firefox® or other browser can show you how. If you choose to reject or remove cookies, you will not be able to save any "drawings" or "stickers" on the homepage or use other types of functionality on Ask Kids.

Ask Kids occasionally uses advertising companies to display ads on Ask Kids when you visit the site. These companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser or use other technological tools to monitor your activity. For example, these companies may use information about your visit to Ask Kids in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Our privacy policy does not cover any use of information that a third-party advertising company may collect from you. As explained in the paragraph above, you can configure your Internet browser to prevent many such types of information gathering. If you would like more information about advertising company practices, or would like to know your choices about not having such information used by these advertising companies, please click here: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/>.

  
**3\. Does Ask Kids Share information about you with others?** Each time you make a search query on Ask Kids, we share information with third party companies that help us provide you with search results and with companies that help us display Sponsored Results (which are advertisements). The information we share with such third party companies is: (a) your Internet Protocol (IP) address; (b) the address of the last URL (website) you visited prior to clicking through to Ask Kids; (c) your browser and platform type (what kind of browser and operating system you have on your computer); (d) your browser language; (e) the data in any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us; and (f) the search queries you submit. 

We also use third party vendors to help us better understand our user demographics. These vendors may place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer or use other technologies such as pixel tags to provide their services to us. Through these cookies or pixels, they may track your activities on the Ask Kids website and compile such information with the activities of other users to determine general demographic information about the audience of the site.

We may disclose any information we collect about you (including your IP address) in order to comply with court orders, subpoenas, or regulatory obligations, or when otherwise required to do so by law. We also may disclose such information in compliance with a law enforcement or other governmental request, or where we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our [Terms of Service.](http://sp.askkids.com/en/docs/about/terms_of_service.shtml)

  
**4\. Does Ask Kids have a chat room?**  
Ask Kids does not operate chat rooms. Ask Kids does not enable kids to share information with one another through their use of the Ask Kids website or services.

  
**5\. What rights do parents have regarding their child's personal information?**  
Ask Kids will not collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information (such as name, email address, telephone number, residence address) from a child without parental notification or without obtaining prior verifiable parental consent. At this time, no personally identifiable information is being collected, unless a child submits an email address through the [feedback form](http://www.askkids.com/contact). In such case, we delete from our records the email address within 48 hours of responding to the email received from the child. Should our collection practices change in the future, we will notify parents that we wish to collect information, post the fact that information is being collected, identify the type of information being collected, and how it is collected and used by Ask Kids, and others, obtain consent from parents in compliance with COPPA, and post the procedures for parents to follow to review the information.

  
**6\. How can I contact Ask Kids if I have questions about this Privacy Policy?**  
If you have any questions about the Ask Kids Privacy Policy, [contact us](http://sp.askkids.com/en/docs/askkids/contact.shtml) online. You can also contact us by phone at 510-985-7400 or in writing to: Ask Kids; 555 12th Street, Suite 500; Oakland, CA 94607-4046.
