> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the voxer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171120071951id_/http%3A//www.voxer.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Voxer | Privacy Policy

Voxer® Privacy Policy

Last Updated: March 31, 2015.

This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) governs your use of the Voxer website ([www.voxer.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20171120071951id_/index.html)), other websites owned by Voxer (collectively, the “Voxer Site”), the Voxer Walkie Talkie App, Voxer Pro App (the “App”) and any other products provided to you (collectively with the App, the “Products”) by VoxerNet LLC (and any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with Voxer) (collectively “we,” “us,” “our,” or “Voxer”). If you are a user of the Voxer Business service, your data is subject to the policies of the entity that has contracted with Voxer for that service and not this Privacy Policy; please contact such entity regarding their policies and practices.

Information We Receive or Collect. User Provided Information – The App obtains the information you provide when you download and register for the App. Registration with us is mandatory in order to be able to use the App. If you choose to register on the Voxer Site, we will receive that registration data as well. When you register with us and use the App, you generally provide your name, email address, user name, password, phone number and other registration information. We may use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions. The Products can be used to communicate with others. When you share information, it will be seen by the recipients. Voice, text and images you create and transmit will be stored on your device, the device of recipients of such communications, and on our servers.

Contacts Data. To provide you an opportunity to automatically connect with friends, we may, with your permission, access and store on our servers your contacts’ names, email addresses, phone numbers, profile image, geographic location and Facebook IDs. In addition, when you invite friends to the service, we will access your address book and import your contacts’ names and phone numbers to facilitate the invitation. If you send invitations to your contacts, you represent that all such contacts have consented to receive SMS from you. To better match you with your most important contacts, with your permission, we may also access and store your call and SMS log information from your device. 

Information We May Receive From Third Parties. We may collect information about you from other Product users, such as when a friend provides friend details or contact information, or indicates a relationship with you. If you authorize the activity, Facebook may share with us certain approved data, which may include your profile information, your image and your list of friends, their profile information and their images.

Location Information. If you have enabled location data on your phone, the App will collect your GPS location at the time you send a message. A map indicating your location will be available to the recipients of the message. You can disable this feature by turning off the location function in the “Settings” menu of the App or on your phone.

Automatically Collected Information - In addition, the App may collect certain information automatically, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, crash information, and information about the way you use the App. This information may be collected by or shared with third party service providers of Voxer, who may only use such information in providing services to Voxer and in accordance with this policy.

Cookies and Web Beacons. The Voxer Site uses “cookie” and “web beacon” technology. A cookie is a small text file placed on your hard disk by a web server for record keeping purposes. A web beacon (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags or web bugs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. We use cookies and web beacons to distinguish you from other visitors, track your IP address and usage of our site, and to identify the site from which you linked to the Voxer Site. This information is used by us, and our third-party partners, to improve our website design, as well as our Products, and for marketing purposes. Information obtained through cookies and web beacons may be shared with or obtained by service providers on our behalf. We may combine this information with personally identifiable information you have given to us. You can disable cookies at any time using your browser’s options. If you do so, certain features of the Voxer Site may not be available to you. The Voxer Site does not collect personally identifiable information regarding users online activities over time and across third party websites. As such, browser do not track signals are not relevant to the Site and Services.

Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the App or the Site? Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your personal information:  


  * As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
  * When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
  * With our trusted services providers who work on our behalf and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this Privacy Policy.
  * If Voxer or its parent company is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Voxer Site of any change in ownership. Of course, any information transferred would remain subject to the limitations of the privacy policy under which it was collected;  
Other Ways Information May Be Shared.



Communications Content. Voice messages, text messages and photos (“Communications Content”) you send to other users will show up on other users’ devices and these communications are also stored on our servers. Even if you remove this content from your device or account, copies of this User Communications Content will remain viewable on the devices of third party users with whom you have communicated and will be stored on our servers for a period of time. 

Sharing Your Name and Profile Picture. Voxer is designed to make it easy for you to find and connect and communicate with others. For this reason, your name and profile picture are publicly shared and other users of the Products will be able to see your name and profile picture once you register directly or through a third party.

To Help Your Contacts Find You and to Help You to Add Contacts. We may make your name available to others to help your contacts find you. Other users may provide us contact information they have about you, such as your email address, phone number or your name, which we use to determine if you are a Product user. If you are already a Product user, then we may share your name with others so that they can add you to their contact list by choosing your name off of a list of users available via our Products. If you enable “Privacy Mode” in the App, you will no longer be searchable by other users and your information will not be shared in this way. 

Inviting Contacts. We also give you an opportunity to invite your contacts to register at the Voxer Site and download the Products, and in connection with that activity you may provide us access to third party contact information. When you click to invite one or more friends to join Voxer or a Product, an SMS invite is sent from you from your phone. This SMS invite may result in your phone number being shared with the invitee and in charges to you and/or your invitee.

How We Use Information. We use the information collected under this Privacy Policy to operate, maintain, develop, improve, and provide you the features and functionality of the Products and to develop new products. In addition, we, and our third party service providers, use information collected from use of the App and the Voxer Site to target and track our marketing efforts and advertising.

Third-Party Advertising Partners. We use third-party service providers to serve advertisements (banners or links) on our behalf across the Internet. These service providers collect information about your visits to our website. This information is collected through use of a web beacon, which is industry standard technology used by most major websites. Web beacons do not collect names or contact information, but may record other information about your visit. In addition to the information about your visits to our website, our service providers may also use information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements from Voxer. If you would like more information and to know your choices about not having this information used by our third-party service providers, please visit: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/>.

How We Protect Information. Voxer takes reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We keep your account information and content on a secure server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as passwords), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL) while it is being transmitted. However, you should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. In particular, messages sent to or from the Voxer Site and Products may not be secure.

Third-Party Products or Services. The Products may enable access to third-party (other than Voxer Affiliates) services/technologies/websites (collectively “Third Party Sites”) (including via links available through the Products or Voxer Site) and this Privacy Policy does not apply to any data that may be collected or used by such third parties. You should always review the policies of third party Apps and websites to make sure you are comfortable with the ways in which they use information you share with them. We have no control over third party Apps and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of Third Party Sites, and we encourage you to read their privacy policies.

Collection and Processing in the United States. By using the Products and/or Voxer Site, you understand that Voxer will have your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States and other locations as Voxer may add from time to time in the manner indicated in this Privacy Policy.

Data Access. You can check your profile in the Products and correct any inaccurate data that appears in your Profile. Through the Products, you can also close your account by using the “Deactivate Account” function. If you do so, you will no longer have access to the App. Voxer may retain your personal information even after you have closed your account if retention is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes between users, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. We may retain personal information, for a limited period of time, if requested by law enforcement. Voxer’s Customer Service may retain information for as long as is necessary to provide support to users. We will delete your contacts data from our servers. Communications Content that you have sent via the Products will be deleted from your device, but will remain accessible to the recipients of those messages and will not be deleted from their devices or our servers.

Questions; Contacting Voxer; Reporting Violations. If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about the Voxer Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us please contact us at: [http://voxer.com/contact/](https://web.archive.org/web/20171120071951id_/contact/index.html)

Minors under the age of 13. Minors should not use the Products. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us through this [http://voxer.com/contact/](https://web.archive.org/web/20171120071951id_/contact/index.html)

Modifications to this Privacy Policy. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you and you understand that Voxer may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way a notice will be posted on the Voxer Site along with the updated Privacy Policy. If such a change takes place, the revised Privacy Policy will be published at [http://voxer.com/legal/consumer/privacy/](https://web.archive.org/web/20171120071951id_/http%3A/consumer/privacy/index.html)

Voxer Privacy Policy. Effective date: March 31, 2015. 

Copyright © 2015 VoxerNet LLC. All rights reserved.
