> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the online-home-careers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121003003354id_/http%3A//online-home-careers.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy ‹ Online Home Careers

This Privacy Policy sets forth the policies and practices with respect to information or data that is received or gathered regarding members, visitors and users (collectively “you” and “your”). online-home-careers.com may be referred to collectively as “online-home-careers.com”, “Online Home Careers”, “us”, “we”, “Site”, “Website” or “the Company” CAREFULLY READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY BECAUSE BY YOUR USE OF THIS SITE AND ITS SERVICES YOU WILL BE EXPRESSLY SIGNIFYING THAT YOU AGREE TO THIS POLICY AND THAT YOU ASSENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE USE OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT YOU SUPPLY OR THAT IS COLLECTED ABOUT YOU AS DETAILED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.

IF YOU DO NOT EXPRESSLY AGREE WITH ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY YOU SHOULD NOT USE THIS SITE OR ITS SERVICES.

A. HOW WE COLLECT MEMBER, VISITOR OR USER INFORMATION

The information we gather falls into two categories:

1\. Information collected as a result of you navigating through the Site.

2\. Personal information you voluntarily supply when you subscribe, order, post a message, photo, video or sound recording, send a message to another user, or participate in a chat room, complete a survey, enter a contest, or apply for a promotional product. The first type of information we collectively can be thought of as “passive” information in that we collect certain details about your visit to our site without you actively inputing any identifying information. This type of passive information that we collect and store in our databases, may include one or more of the following types of information (“Data”): your Internet Protocol (IP) address; the name of the domain name from which you access the Internet; the IP address of the Website from which you linked to the Site or our network of sites; browser data; email address data; and the date and time you access our Site and its functions. For example, when a visitor, member, subscriber, or other Site user requests web pages from the Site’s server, clicks on banners or other links or otherwise uses or views the Site’s services, products or other functions, we or our agents may automatically collect some information (“Data”) about the visitor, member, subscriber or user. This information may include the IP address from which the Site is being accessed, the pages or links that were requested, the special preferences or requests of the user and cookie information received from the computer of the visitor, member, subscriber or user. While the collection of Data described above could be thought of as passive, the second way we collect information is more active.

For example, we may ask you to provide personal information. Whether or not you provide this personal information is completely optional. This “Optional Information” may include your name, username, e-mail address, physical address (or part of it such as your zip code), telephone number, gender, marital status, occupation, education and any special interests or affiliations. Additional “Optional Information,” such as a credit card number, expiration date, security code and billing address may be requested for participation in special promotions or offers, or for billing and shipping information. We may also use “Optional Information” to verify identity, and protect against fraud. When a subscriber, member or user of this Site sends any personal communication or correspondence, by any means, to the Site, another Site User, the Company or any employees, agents or representatives of Company or Site, we may collect and use any and all such information and all other Data regarding that communication including the I.P. address the communication originated from. Once you submit personal information to the Company or Site we may collect and store information about your activities on the Site (for example bidding and buying).

B. COOKIES

Cookies are one of the tools that we use to passively collect Data.

Internet cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide personalized features and marketing. Cookies are used for authenticating, tracking and maintaining specific information about users, such as site preferences or shopping cart contents. Most Internet browsers allow the option to enable or disable cookies. You may disable cookies, but this may make portions of this Site unusable. Cookies are simple pieces of data unable to perform any operation by themselves. They are neither spyware nor viruses, despite the detection of cookies from certain sites by many anti-spyware products. This Site uses cookies to make the browsing experience of our members, subscribers and users more efficient and convenient. Our system will use cookies to remember your web preferences, and to assist us in tracking and targeting the interests, preferences and desires of our Site users to present the most appropriate messages, offers and other communications to our users, and to generally enhance their experience at our Site. Any and all information about Site visitors, members, subscribers or users collected by the Company, the Site or any agents or affiliates of Company or Site, through the use of cookies or other similar means may be included in our database and used in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.

C. YOU MAY ENCOUNTER THIRD PARTIES ON OUR SITE

We want to inform you that third parties such as affiliates and advertisers use cookies on or in association with our Site. We often have no access or control over these cookies. We may also allow third party service providers to deliver special offers or services to Site users. We urge you to consult the privacy policies of any third party that you encounter on this Site.

D. Clear GIFs (“Web Beacons”)

Clear GIFs, also known as “web beacons” or “single-pixel GIF’s” are very small images (typically 1 x 1 pixel) that help websites understand their customers better. While any type of file can operate as a web beacon, clear GIFs are most popular because their very small file size prevents them from interfering in the websites’ operation. Clear GIFs function like cookies, in that they are used to track and measure online actions taken by website users. In contrast to cookies clear GIFs are not stored on a user’s hard drive, but are embedded into the graphics, text or other components of web pages. Web pages and graphical emails use codes that tell your computer what to do when a page is opened. While they typically contain text and graphics that you see on the screen, often web pages also contain instructions or tags’ that then ask the website’s server to send you further content (such as an image or a block of text that changes frequently). Web beacons are retrieved in the same way as the text and graphics that you see on a website or in an email, and the action of calling the material from another server allows the event to be counted. When a user’s browser requests information from our Site we may use GIFs to gather “passive” information such as the IP address of your computer; the time the material was viewed; the type of browser that retrieved the image; and the prior existence of cookies from our Site. This is information that could be gathered through the use of cookies. Web beacons do not give any “extra” information away. They are simply a convenient way for us to gather the simple statistics and manage cookies. Clear GIFs may be used by third parties to monitor activity on the Site. Turning off the browser’s cookies will prevent web beacons from tracking your specific activity, but web beacons may still record an anonymous visit from your IP address.

E. HOW WE USE AND SHARE DATA AND PERSONAL INFORMATION

We use the information described in Sections One (1) and Two (2) for a variety of functions. In addition to using cookies, Data and Optional Information in the ways described above, we use this information to measure the number of visitors to the Site, to measure how traffic is generated and where it comes from; to track the success of our affiliate program and its individual affiliates (with whom this information may be shared); to track the receipt and success of customer newsletters, promotional programs, special offers and advertisements; and to generate and provide our marketing partners, affiliates, licensees, purchasers and successors in interest with accurate statistics on the performance of the Site. We also use cookies, Data and Optional Information to track customer preferences and to adapt our products and services to those preferences. Any personal information that you supply to us remains your personal property. However, by submitting your information to the Website, you grant Online Home Careers and any third party affiliates or subsidiaries of Online Home Careers the right to use that information for marketing purposes, and agree to receive email marketing from the Website. We may maintain separate email lists for different purposes. In order to end your email subscription to a particular list, you must follow the instructions contained in any email correspondence that you receive from Online Home Careers. Unsubscribing from one list will not automatically unsubscribe you from all email lists. We only send email marketing to individuals that have agreed, whether by visiting this Website or through third party websites, to receive email marketing from Online Home Careers or its affiliates and partners. Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may be required to disclose personal information in some instances, such as: 1) when required by law wherein we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, and/or subpoena; 2) in the event that Online Home Careers is sold or acquired; or 3) in the event that we believe that the Website is being, or has been, used in violation of our terms and conditions or to commit unlawful acts. Moreover, you hereby consent to the disclosure of any record or communication to any third party when Online Home Careers, in its sole discretion, determines the disclosure to be appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your email address with other third parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the provisions of the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time-to-time. We may share, license or sell your information to third parties for various marketing purposes, including but not limited to e-mail marketing, telemarketing, text messaging, and direct mail.

F. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION

To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and to ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online. We shall continue to take reasonable steps to provide effective data protection at all times, however, no security technology can provide invulnerability to information compromise. Therefore the Company cannot, and does not, guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us or to any third party affiliated with the Site. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.

G. THIS SITE IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY MINORS

The Company and third parties you encounter on this Site do not publish any content or offers on the Site that are targeted to or intended for children. We do not specifically collect information about children. The Company and third parties that you encounter on this Site do not solicit and do not knowingly accept subscriptions, memberships, or acceptances of offers from persons under the age of eighteen years. If minors have access to your computer or email, we ask that you take appropriate measures to prevent such minors from accessing or using the Site or any of our Company’s services as they are exclusively offered and restricted to, and only authorized for, adults over the age of eighteen years. We may disclose information if we are required to do so by law or, if we, in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web sites; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users to the public.

H. UPDATES AND REVISIONS TO THIS POLICY

This Site reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to revise, amend, modify or revoke this Privacy Policy at any time and in any manner. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the posting of any revision on the Site.

I. EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS POLICY

This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 26, 2011.
