> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the onlinefmradio.in privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231224718id_/http%3A//onlinefmradio.in/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Online FM Radio,Latest Hindi Songs,New Hindi Songs,Hit Hindi Songs,Latest Bollywood Songs- OnlineFMRadio.in

**User-provided Information:** When you register with us, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information, including, but not limited to, your name and email address. We take reasonable steps to protect the privacy of our members and ensure that the personal information we collect is not ordinarily disclosed to third parties without the member's consent. onlinefmradio.in has numerous security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of our members' information. All member information is password protected and only accessible by authorized staff of onlinefmradio.in. 

However, there may be times when onlinefmradio.in may be required to disclose personal information of a member without his/her express consent when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against the member.

While onlinefmradio.in, our associates and affiliates make every effort to protect your personal information and your privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk. Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online, that information can be collected and used by people that neither we nor you will know.

**Cookies Information:** When you visit the Site, we may send one or more cookies - small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer. Onlinefmradio may use both session cookies and persistent cookies on the Site. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. Persistent cookies can be removed. Please review your web browser "Help" file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings.

**Automatically Collected Information:** When you visit the Site, we may automatically collect certain information from your web browser by using different types of technology. This "Automatically Collected" information may include Internet Protocol address ("IP Address"), web browser type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after the Site, the pages you view on the Site, and the dates and times that you visit the Site.
