> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the online-fish-games.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-02-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120215193535id_/http%3A//www.online-fish-games.com/privacy/index.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fish Games- Free fish games online

This is the official privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") for AddictingGames.com ("Site," "we," "us," or "our"), an Internet website owned and operated by Atom Entertainment, Inc., a subsidiary of Viacom International Inc. This Privacy Policy governs only the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") collected by the Site and does not cover any such information collected in any other manner or for any other purpose, or for or by any other Viacom Media Networks Company programming channel, the Parent Companies, and any subsidiaries and affiliates of Atom Entertainment and the Parent Companies (collectively, "Affiliates"), or any other company, unless specifically stated.

**All requests sent via regular mail must be labeled "Your California Privacy Rights" on the envelope or post card and clearly stated on the actual request.** For all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code (your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email. Please include your zip code for our own recordkeeping).  **We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile.**  We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.

To all other users of this Site, if you have other questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Administrator at privacy-admin(at)atom.com. This Privacy Policy covers all such Personal Information and will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of the Site, even if your use of or participation in any particular service, feature, function or promotional activity terminates, expires, ceases, is suspended or deactivated for any reason.

**1\. Collection and Use of Personal Information:  **When we use the term "Personal Information" we mean information such as your first/middle initial or name and last name, street address, town or city, state, zip code, telephone number, instant-messenger nickname, blog or other personal website URL, date of birth, e-mail address and any other information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you. Personal Information also includes information such as lists of your friends' real names and their email addresses, instant-messenger nicknames or other personal identifiable information that you may add to such friend lists and your transactions or relationship with us, if you have been a user of the Site.

We collect Personal Information about you when you visit the Site and input information, whether you are registering to use any features or functions of the Site, participating in Promotions (as defined in the [Terms of Use Agreement](http://www.addictinggames.com/legal/terms-use.jsp), or in the course of any other exchanges of information, transactions and activities. We may use the information we obtain from you, including Personal Information, to tailor your experience of the Site, to display content we think may be of interest to you, or to let us customize what you see when you visit or use the Site according to your preferences.

**a. Collection of Personal Information During Registration.**  To the extent we offer user registration for the Site, to register as a member of the Site, you are required to select a user name and password (together, your "User ID"), and may be required to also provide other Personal Information, such as your email address, first and last name, gender, date of birth, country and zip code. Additional Personal Information may be requested during the registration process (but not required), such as favorite games, gender, ethnic information, and annual income. We will allow you to change the password portion of your User ID, as well as certain other Personal Information you have given us in order to keep your information current, but once you select a user name you will not be able to change that user name provided to us during registration and which is associated with your User ID. Among other things, these kinds of information help us securely identify you as a registered or permitted user of the Site and our features and functions. You will not be able to change your date of birth without sufficient verification.

Many user member benefits may not free, and you may be required to pay for subscriptions, virtual goods, or games by entering your credit card information and billing address. As a registered user of the Site, from time to time, we may also provide you with certain options to subscribe to a selection of free email newsletters and other periodic information. You may select such options by opting-in at the time of registration or by responding to an offer or invitation at a later date. You will also have the right to opt-out (unsubscribe) or change your preferences at any time by logging in with your User ID and changing the settings in your account. You may also opt-out to particular email communications by responding to that email and using the "unsubscribe" or opt-out procedure included in that communication.

If you are a registered user, you acknowledge, understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the Site in connection with your registration. You also agree to this Privacy Policy and the [Terms of Use Agreement](http://www.addictinggames.com/legal/terms-use.jsp)

**b. Collection of Personal Information During Registration or In Connection with Certain Features and Functions.**  During registration (and possibly at certain other times to enable your use of other features or functions or for security purposes), you will be required to provide us with certain information about you in order for us to allow you to use the features and functions that we may offer on the Site, such as instant messaging, Software downloads, chat rooms, message boards, electronic mail services, messaging services, auctions, Communities, Viral Features, registration and member profile pages.

**c. Collection of Personal Information in Connection with Promotions such as Contests and Sweepstakes.**  To the extent we offer user registration on the Site, registration as a member of the Site is not always required to enter Promotions such as contests and sweepstakes. There may be a separate registration process which will require the submission of all or some of the following: your first and last name, street address, city, state and zip code, email address, telephone number and date of birth. Additional Personal Information may be requested depending on the specific Promotion, but submission of such information may be optional. The Promotion's entry page and/or Rules will provide the specific requirements. You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to special Promotions or offers from our Advertisers in connection with many of these types of Promotions.

**d. Use of Personal Information in Connection with Promotions and Offers; Opt-out Procedures.**  We, or our Affiliates, may contact the Site's registered users or other users that have registered for or participated in various Site events, Promotions, or transactions, or we may send offers for the purchase of goods and/or services that may be of interest to users.
