> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the onlineauction.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060627041750id_/http%3A//onlineauction.com/help/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# OnlineAuction.com - User Privacy Policy

**OnlineAuction.com is committed to User Privacy.** Our site contains unique features developed especially to preserve and enhance User privacy. Registered Users have the option to communicate by using our O-mail system. O-mail is onsite communication that works much like e-mail, but it allows Users to communicate without revealing personally identifiable information such as their name or e-mail address. Users may display or offer their e-mail address or other personal contact information onsite, at their own discretion. Personally identifiable User information is not published or offered in any way to third parties. User privacy is a key concern in the continuing development of OnlineAuction.com. 

**The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices of this web site.**  
Our User Registration requires Users to give us contact information, or personally identifiable information such as their name, phone number, mailing address, registered username / password and e-mail address. Our site does not use "cookies" or any other method of collecting User information that is not specifically given to us by the User. Users may edit or update their registered personally identifiable information at any time by visiting the [**User Info**](https://web.archive.org/cgi-bin/custom/user_info) page. Users may establish an optional account by supplying us with valid credit card data. We use User contact information from our registration form to send users information about us. User contact information is also used to make direct contact as requested by the User, or when necessary for us to personally assist the User. Any financial information being collected is used only to verify User qualifications for establishing a payment account and billing for services or products purchased directly from OnlineAuction.com. We use User IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Website. User IP addresses are also used to help identify users and to give us broad demographic information. This site often contains links to other sites. OnlineAuction.com is not responsible for the content, privacy or practices of any other web site. Our online surveys ask visitors for unique identifiers known onsite as usernames, used to verify User identity and for individual User account identification. We offer contests on our site in which we ask registered Users to submit their Username or e-mail address.

**Auction Referrals:** Each individual auction page includes a convenient feature called _'Email This Auction to a Friend'_. This feature allows the sender to give a direct link back to an auction page, which may contain items or services of interest to the referral recipient. OnlineAuction.com does not view, collect or maintain any auction referral information.

**Public Forums:** This site offers forums such as chat rooms, news groups or message boards available to our Users. Any information disclosed in these areas becomes public domain, openly displayed for viewing by all visitors to our site. Users should exercise caution when sharing certain personal information within these areas. We do not monitor or control information exchanged between Users completing transactions at OnlineAuction.com.

**Security:** This site features security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of the information under our control. OnlineAuction.com uses firewall-protected servers and SSL encryption, providing a secure data transfer and storage environment. Sensitive User Information given to OnlineAuction.com such as credit card data is protected and stored within this secure environment, allowing no unauthorized access. Sensitive User Information under our control is accessed only by authorized personnel within OnlineAuction.com, as requested or authorized by the User. We will continue to integrate new technologies and equipment to stay above the industry standard. However, there are always potential security risks when doing business on the Internet.

**User Choice to Opt-Out:** Users may opt-out of receiving communications from OnlineAuction.com, simply by contacting our [Customer Support.](https://web.archive.org/help/customer_support/) Users may custom arrange their auction event e-mail notices by visiting the [**Auction Manager**](https://web.archive.org/auction_manager/) "User Setup" file and then opening their "Email Msg" folder.

**Banner Advertising:** OnlineAuction.com makes available banner advertisements through companies operating under their own privacy policies. Please be aware of privacy information offered by those currently providing banner advertising appearing on this web site. 

To advertise on OnlineAuction.com using banners, please [click here](http://www.onlineauction.com/advertise/).

**Questions about Our Privacy Policy** or any dealings with OnlineAuction.com may be sent to  [support@onlineauction.com](mailto:support@onlineauction.com)

**Any Changes to Our Privacy Policy** will be posted and explained within our [Site Announcements](https://web.archive.org/announcement/index.html). Changes become effective 30 days after posting. 
