> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the onlyleggings.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130420135647id_/http%3A//www.onlyleggings.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Leggings Superstore - Privacy Policy

**Only Leggings Privacy Policy**

Only Leggings respects the privacy of our Customers. WE DO NOT SELL OR RENT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ANYONE AT ANYTIME. Personal information may be disclosed if required by law and / or to Only Leggings related third parties (partners) to fulfill Only Leggings customer orders only. In sharing your information with our partners, we require them to adhere to the same policy as ONLY LEGGINGS in preserving the privacy of your information at all times. Only Leggings is committed to protecting your privacy and security as a customer. Only Leggings reserves the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please visit this page occasionally for updates and changes to our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this Site following any changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed to constitute your acceptance of such changes. Please check this page regularly for any changes. This ONLY LEGGINGS site has created a privacy statement ("Privacy Policy") in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy online. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Site. By visiting this Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Please note that nowhere at our Site do we knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16.

**Information Collection, Use, and Sharing**

ONLY LEGGINGS only collects and has access to information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. Your information will never be used, sold, rented, or disclosed to anyone who is not directly involved in servicing your order. Only Leggings employs other companies, agents and individuals to perform various functions on our behalf. Some examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to only that personal information needed to perform their functions and may NOT use it for other purposes. At no time will we release your information to any unaffiliated third party unless their task is specifically related to managing your order or part thereof. We are 100% committed to your privacy. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. 

Unless specified by you, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You may contact us via email at customerservice@Only Leggings ltd.com to express any concern you have about our use of your data.

**Security**

We take every precaution to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via this website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data, your mailing address, email address and phone numbers), the information is encrypted and transmitted to us securely. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. 

We respect your privacy, and take care to safeguard information in our possession. By visiting our sites you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our site. This policy may be modified from time-to-time and you should check this Privacy Policy for any such changes. Your continued access or use of our sites shall constitute acceptance of any modifications of the Privacy Policy. 

This Privacy Policy describes the information, as part of the normal operation of our services, we collect from you and what may happen to that information. By accepting the Terms of Use, visiting any of our sites, shopping on any of our sites, responding to our e-mails, or otherwise interacting with Only Leggings ., you are consenting to ONLY LEGGINGS Inc. practices, including the use and disclosure of any personally identifiable information you have shared with us, as described in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Site, please contact at OnlyLeggings@BravadaLtd.com

**Children Under 16 Years of Age**

Our site is not designed or intended for use by children under 16. If you are under 16, you should use our site only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Children under 16 may not submit any personally identifiable information to us. If we discover that we have inadvertently gathered any information from a child under 16, we will take appropriate steps to delete it.

**Crime Prevention / Government Considerations**

We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law, assist in fraud protection or investigation, to cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws. Therefore, in response to a verified and legitimate request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can, and you authorize us to, disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, e-mail address and other information without a subpoena. However, we respect your privacy greatly and we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm, financial loss or report suspected illegal activity. Due to the existing regulatory and legal environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may be required to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we cannot and do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain 100% private.

**E-Mail Policies**

From time to time, Only Leggings will send newsletters and other e-mail. You can always choose not to receive e-mail from Only Leggings Contact OnlyLeggings@BravadaLtd.com for the purpose of adjusting your e-mail subscription preferences. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, please indicate in an e-mail to us so we may remove you from our e-mailing list.

**Anti-Spam Policy**

Only Leggings is opposed to any sort of unsolicited commercial e-mail or "spam". If you receive any unsolicited e-mails from spammers, you can be assured that Only Leggings did not give your e-mail address to such third parties. This does not mean that we can prevent spam from happening on the Internet. Spammers obtain e-mail addresses in a number of devious ways, including when you respond and ask to be taken off a spam e-mail list and in some cases by just generating e-mails to millions of random e-mail addresses in the hopes of getting a few "live" ones. Your may notify us about your preferences at any time. Your request will remain in effect until you notify us otherwise. We will honour your request and not share the information we collect to about you, except as permitted by law or in a normal course of executing business as it applies to your orders. This Privacy Notice was last modified on March 28, 2012
