> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the abc3340.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-08-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070808004840id_/http%3A//beta.abc3340.com/external.hrb%3Fp%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ABC 33/40 Alabama's News Leader - Privacy Policy

1\. Privacy Practices. This statement discloses the privacy practices for the abc3340.com website (the "Website") a service provided by TV Alabama, Inc.. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to TV Alabama, Inc. at [webteam@abc3340.com](mailto:webteam@abc3340.com) or Alabama's ABC 33/40 P.O. Box 360039 Birmingham, AL 35236. This privacy policy does not apply to data collected offline including, but not limited to, data collected via the mail, telephone or at live events. 

2\. Categories of Information. The information gathered by TV Alabama, Inc. falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by users to the Website through optional registration and (2) tracking information gathered as users navigate through the Website. 

3\. Registration. To make use of certain features on the Website users may need to register and to provide certain information as part of the registration process. (TV Alabama, Inc. may ask, for example, for a user's name, email address, gender, age, and zip code.) The information supplied will help TV Alabama, Inc. to offer more personalized features, to tailor the Website, and to make it more useful to users. Supplying such information is entirely voluntary. However, if a user chooses not to supply information requested, TV Alabama, Inc. may be unable to provide the user with services made available to other users of the Website. Even if a user wishes to remain completely anonymous, the user may still to take advantage of the content available on the Website without registration. 

4\. Uses of Information. TV Alabama, Inc. may present information collected from users of the Website to third parties. Such information is generally in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic within the Website, although from time to time, TV Alabama, Inc. may share personal information on users of the Website with those marketing products and services that we believe may be of interest to users. 

5\. Cookies. To help make the Website more responsive to the needs of users, the Website employs a standard feature of browser software, called a "cookie," to assign each user a unique, random number that resides on a user's computer. The cookie does not personally identify the user; it merely identifies the computer with which the user accesses the Website. Unless a user voluntarily identifies himself or herself (through registration, for example), the Website will not be able to identify the identity of the user, even if a cookie is assigned to a user's computer. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information supplied by a user. The advertisers on the Website may also assign their own cookies to a user's browser, a process that TV Alabama, Inc. does not control. The Website uses cookies to help tailor the Website and deliver a more personalized service. Of course, users are free to instruct their web browsers not to accept cookies; however, doing so may render a computer unable to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users of the Website. 

6\. IP Addresses. The Website's servers automatically collect limited information about a user's computer's connection to the Internet, including a user's IP address. (The IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send data - such as the web pages users view.) An IP address does not personally identify a user. The Website uses this information to deliver its content to users upon request, to tailor the Website to a user's interests, and to measure traffic within the Website. 

7\. Third Party Sites. The Website includes links to third party websites whose privacy policies TV Alabama, Inc. does not control. Once a user leaves the Website, use of any information a user provides is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site the user is visiting. The privacy policies of third party websites may differ from that of TV Alabama, Inc.. 

8\. Children's Privacy. This children's privacy statement explains TV Alabama, Inc.'s practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of thirteen, and provides important information on user's rights under federal law with respect to such information. TV Alabama, Inc. does NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. TV Alabama, Inc. screens users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of thirteen from providing such information. If TV Alabama, Inc. becomes aware that it has inadvertently received personally-identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen, TV Alabama, Inc. will delete such information from its records. Because TV Alabama, Inc. does not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen, it also does NOT knowingly distribute such information to third parties. TV Alabama, Inc. does NOT knowingly allow children under the age of thirteen to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information. 

9\. Miscellaneous. All information gathered on the Website is stored within an TV Alabama, Inc.-controlled database accessible only to TV Alabama, Inc.. However, as effective as the reasonable security measures implemented by TV Alabama, Inc. may be, no security system is impenetrable. TV Alabama, Inc. cannot guarantee the security of its database, nor can it guarantee that information supplied will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet. Users should understand that the Web is an evolving medium. If TV Alabama, Inc. needs to change its privacy policy at some point in the future, TV Alabama, Inc. will post the changes before they take effect. 

Copyright © 2001 TV Alabama, Inc.. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy  
June 28, 2000   

