> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the abcunderwear.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140213184946id_/http%3A//abcunderwear.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ABCunderwear.com Privacy Policy

_This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. Please see the[Yahoo! Privacy Policy](http://privacy.yahoo.com/privacy/us/) for more information about how Yahoo! uses this information._

By use of this site you agree to our privacy policy and terms of use as listed on the [Info page](http://www.abcunderwear.com/info.html). If you do not agree, leave this site immediately. Any emails, comments on orders or other communication from any user or customer will not override any of our policies including the privacy policy or terms of use. This site is not intended for anyone 14 yrs or younger. Intended for our customers at least 18 yrs of age (credit card customers) and you must be 18 year of age or older to supply information to us or sign up for our newsletter.

Third-Party Web Beacons: We use third-party web beacons from Yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Yahoo! may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!, [click here](https://reports.web.analytics.yahoo.com/optout,OptOut.vm?domain=a.analytics.yahoo.com).

DISCREET BILLING & SHIPPING: Your package will not mention ABC Underwear on the outside of the package. It will be a package from from "ABC Online Resources" or "Order Fulfillment". Credit card statements will be billed from "ABCunderwear.com".

 **Third party/site links or Data incorporation:** Our Web site may provide a link or access to another Web site or location or data. We provide these links merely for your convenience and/or for your enjoyment or sharing and we do not endorse such other Web site or location or its contents. We have no control over, do not review, and are not responsible for these other Web sites or their content or information you may choose to share with them (such as social sharing websites). Our Privacy Policy does not apply to these other Web sites. The privacy policies of the operators of those Web sites will be applicable when you access their Web sites via links provided by us or choose to share information with them regarding your purchases or sharing of promotions.

In the event of a dispute, including claim of non-receipt or charge-back, we may provide personal information and details of transactions to any individual or organization we deem appropriate to help resolve, prevent further abuse or bring prosecution for fraud or other charges, prevent future losses or investigate claims.

We do not rent or sell your name, address, email address or other personal information although we reserve the right to do so to carefully screened companies in the future (for example, if our company assets are sold the customer list will be included without exception). Personal information may be shared as needed to fulfill your orders or inquiries (for example with shipping companies or to third party order fulfillment including but not limited to manufacturers to ship direct). We only use telephone numbers if we need to contact you regarding an order. To be removed from newsletter lists click the unsubscribe link included in each email. To be omitted from our mailing list, send your request to: ABC Online Resources, LLC, 5701 W. Latham St. Suite 101, Phoenix, AZ 85043

By entering an order and providing an email address (or subscribing to catalogs or newsletters) and/or address you agree to receive email newsletters or marketing information from us. Each email will include an unsubscribe link. Any mailed catalogs will include unsubscribe information. Our privacy policy is intended to make known our intentions, it is not a contractual obligation of ABC Online Resources, LLC and although we do not intend to it is subject to change without notice. Check back here for the most recent policy.
