> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the beshine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151206140740id_/http%3A//www.beshine.com/tour/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Beshine - massive titted blonde with the largest augmented breasts in the world

Our Commitment To Privacy: Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. We do not collect any customer information. We do not, and will not, distribute, rent or sell any personally identifiable information to third parties without your express consent, other than as necessary to process your credit card payment. Please see our payment processor's Privacy Policy concerning collected information. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on beshine.com. On some pages, you can order products/subscriptions, make requests, and register to receive materials.

##### The Way We Use Information:

When you join the membership portion of our web site, you are asked to provide your name, address, e-mail, username and password, credit card number and expiration date, and birth date. When you participate in special events such as contests and polls, you may be asked to provide your name, e-mail, username and password, and birth date. When users request pages from our server, our Web server automatically collects some information about the users, including their IP addresses. If you choose to post messages on a bulletin board on our site, we will maintain on the bulletin board such information about you as you choose to disclose. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. We will maintain a record or notes of communications with you regarding your account. Weyou're your information solely in order to process your credit card payment, to facilitate your viewing of our web site and to communicate with you. We also use this information to compile broad demographic and web site usage information about our users in general that does not contain anything that could be used to identify you personally. Beshine.com uses your e-mail address to send periodic e-mail newsletters and promotional e-mail to you about services and products offered by us, if such communication has been requested by you. You will not receive any e-mail from us unless you have requested it and can indicate at any time that you do not wish to receive e-mail information from us. We do not provide your e-mail to third parties without your express consent.

  


##### Our Commitment To Data Security:

To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

  


##### How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:

You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by beshine.com. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.

  


##### Notice:

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

  

