> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bestwatches.cn privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151224174847id_/http%3A//www.bestwatches.cn/privacy-disclaimer-n3.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy & Disclaimer

Privacy Policy

The privacy statement online  
We store your personal information (including your delivery address, phone number, etc.) taken into account, we have adopted this online privacy statement. By using this site means you agree to tell us your personal information, use and disclosure of that statement. If you do not, do not use the site please. The address of this statement:

The collection of information

We collect personal information that exists in your batch personal account, we do not sell products directly to children, we do not knowingly collect personal information. You must be 13 years or older and provides personal information, including the registration site or order or participate in one of our online business. Please refer to our terms of use to learn more information about the use of this site.  
The information we collect is that we provide, such as your personal information: (a) registration; (2) order; (3) complete the questionnaire; (4) participate in our activities; (5) contact us. The personal information we collect may include your name, email address, phone number, PIN and payment information. We may also combine the information you provide us, we receive the information just a third such as the renewal of the address service. 

Education

We encourage you to register and make purchases on our site, but it is not necessary. Our registration form requires users to provide contact information (such as name, postal address, the address of the addition, the phone number, email address and passcode) . You must be 13 or older to register. The inscriptions allow us to offer a quick and easy experience command. The contact customer information you provide on the registration form will be used to contact you about the order or to answer your questions. Also, unless you quit, it will be used to send you renewals about sales, contests, promotions and product information via email. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your registration information and your password. If you prefer, you can also complete a customer profile. Although not required, the information obtained from questions of customer profile helps us understand our clients, which is to improve our customers and our shopping experience. 

Use of information

We use the information we collect as the following uses:  
1\. To provide you with a quick and easy experience fund;  
2\. Treat your order, you call and tell about the order, answer your questions, or if necessary, contact you by other means;  
3\. Contact your next sale, the next upcoming promotions and product information;  
4\. To allow you to participate in contests and other promotional activities;  
5\. To help us understand more about our visitors and customers of the site and improve their shopping experience and our business.  
6\. To fix the site of the problem, our business or our products and services and to protect the safety of operations and the site;  
7\. Contact you the next promotion activities with our partners, or reveal yourself in the place of the collection of information;

INFORMATION COLLECTION  
Information You Provide to Us  
We (or our service providers) collect information from you when you: (1) purchase products from us, whether on a Site, through a catalog or in one of our stores; (2) create an account with us, or otherwise sign up for a service or feature; (3) complete a survey; (4) participate in a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion; (5) communicate with us via third-party social media sites; (6) apply for a job with us; or (7) contact us, or otherwise communicate with us or provide information to us. The "personal information" we collect may include, for example, your name, postal address, zip or postal code, email address, telephone number, date of birth, payment information, demographic information, details on items purchased, and other information you choose to provide to us.  
In some cases, you may provide information to us about another person, such as when you purchase a gift card for someone and request that we deliver it to that person, when you share Site content or send a message to a friend through a Site or otherwise, or when you decide to ship products you purchase to someone else. In such cases, you represent that you have the authorization of such person to provide us with such information.  
We may combine the information we collect online from or about you with the information we collect offline from or about you. We may also combine your (and others') information that we've collected from you (or others) with information we may receive from other sources, such as third-party social media platforms (e.g., when you choose to log in to our Site through a third-party social media platform, subject to your actions and settings thereon), address update services or co-promotion partners. By accessing a Site, you signify your consent to the above collection of your personal information. When you are a creating an account for the first time on a Site with an email address that you have previously provided to us in another circumstance (e.g., in one of our stores, when signing up for our emails, by entering one of our sweepstakes or other promotions), we may recognize that email address and, once you have completed the account set-up process, you may be able to see your contact information already included in your new online account. This is happening because we have recognized your email address and, for your convenience, have added your information to your account. You can always change this information by signing into your account.

For all users who created an online account on bestwatches.cn prior to September 3, 2014, due to operational changes made to the website, certain information that was stored in your "old" site account will need to be re-entered and reset, including your account password, as well as your payment information. Your address book, however, should still be included in your account.

Site Usage Information & Other Information Collected Automatically

As part of the standard operation of the Sites, certain information is collected automatically or passively from or about you in connection with your visit to the Site. Our servers may automatically gather some of the "Site usage information" described below, or we (or our service providers) may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and track such information (see our Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies section below for more details). "Site usage information" includes, but is not limited to: (i) your browser type, device type, carrier (if applicable), device address, operating system, operating system address, IP address and the domain name from which you accessed a Site; (ii) information about your region, continent, country, city, zip code, time zone, and general location; and (iii) information about your browsing activities on and through a Site (also known as "click stream" data), such as (a) the date and time you visit one of the Sites, (b) the areas or pages of a Site that you visit, (c) the amount of time you spend viewing a Site or specific areas of a Site, (d) the number of times you return to a Site or a specific area of a Site, (e) the web sites or pages you visited prior to visiting a Site, (f) the websites or pages you visit after you leave a Site; (g) searches you have performed on the Site and on other websites that led you to our Site; (h) social plug-ins with which you have interacted on our Site; and (j) other similar Site usage data.  
We consider this Site usage information, on its own, to be non-personal in nature, unless required otherwise by applicable law. However, we may combine Site usage information about you with personal information about you, and we would consider the combined information to be "personally identifiable" or "personal information" for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.

Browser Do-Not-Track Signals  
Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you not be "tracked" online. At this time we do not modify your experience based on whether such a signal is broadcast. To learn more about browser tracking signals and "Do Not Track," please visit http://allaboutdnt.org. Please note, however, that you can opt out of our (and our service providers') use of your information for behavioral targeting of our advertisements by following the directions in the Advertising on the Site and other Websites section below. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies  
Advertising on the Site and other Websites section below.

Cookies. A "cookie" is a small data file that is sent to your web browser and placed on your computer or device when you access a website. The cookies are then able to track your activities on the Sites and across websites. Cookies also allow us (and our service providers) to: track your activities on the Sites; track clicks, purchases and conversion; recognize your computer or device so that you are able to save your preferences and stay logged in to the Site without having to re-enter your Account credentials; deliver customized content, messages and advertising to you; preserve the contents of your shopping cart; optimize and measure the effectiveness of our advertising and emails; provide and enhance Site security and fraud detection; otherwise enhance, monitor and analyze Site usage; conduct research to improve our content, merchandise and services; and personalize your experience on the Sites. Most web browsers enable you to decline or block cookies (check the "Help" or "Settings" menus of your browser to learn more). While you are free to decline cookies, doing so may prevent you from taking full advantage of all features of our Site(s). Refusing cookies may also negatively impact the display or functionality of certain areas of a Site.

By continuing to use this Site, you consent to our use of cookies as described in this Privacy Policy, as well as our Cookie Policy (which is incorporated herein). Web Beacons and Tags.We also use web beacons (also known as "clear GIFs" or "pixel tags"), which are typically one-pixel images that are embedded on a page of a Site or in our communications, such as an email message. These technologies help us to verify when a certain page of a Site is viewed, when a message is opened and when links or other content in a message are clicked or viewed. We use the information collected through web beacons, tags and other similar technologies for similar purposes as the information collected through cookies, as described above. Flash Cookies/Local Stored Objects. We may use Flash cookies and other similar technologies (referred to herein as Local Stored Objects or "LSOs"), which allow a website to store certain information locally on an individual's computer or device and then access and use that information to enhance and facilitate certain Site experiences, processes and functionality. Flash cookies and other LSOs are different from typical browser cookies (as described above), and therefore the cookie management tools provided by your web browser may not enable you to remove Flash cookies or other LSOs. To learn more about managing these technologies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.  
We may use third party web analytics services, such as Google Analytics and Adobe services, to help us track and analyze the use of our Site and to measure the effectiveness of our advertising, Site content and communications. These service providers' tools, including, for example, cookies, tags and web beacons, help us to gain this understanding. To opt out of this use by Adobe, please click here, and to opt out of this use by Google Analytics, click here.

ADVERTISING ON THE SITE AND OTHER WEBSITES  
We also work with service providers and partner with advertising companies that use cookies, web beacons and other tools to collect information about your visits to and behavior on the Site and other websites, and then use that information to deliver targeted advertisements to you across the Internet. The information collected and used in this manner is generally, on its own, anonymous and not personally identifiable. To learn more about this practice and your choices with respect to it, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org and the Digital Advertising Alliance at www.aboutads.info. To opt-out of our third-party advertising partners' use of cookies in this manner, visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.

INFORMATION USE  
We may use the information we collect from and about you (including both personal information and Site usage information) for a variety of purposes, including the following:  
to fulfill your requests for products and services and to keep you informed about your orders;  
to provide you with targeted offers and advertising on and at the Sites; subject to your communications preferences and, where required by applicable law, subject to your consent, to contact you (via postal mail, email and the like) with promotional materials about us, our products, our services and our events, as well as about select partners; to contact you when necessary or appropriate; where appropriate, for market research and to review and improve our merchandise selections, customer service, online and offline operations and overall shopping experience; to protect the security or integrity of the Sites and our business; and otherwise, with your permission or as permitted by law. If you provide us with information about another person (as described above in the Information You Provide to Us section), where permitted by applicable law, we use that information to fulfill your requests and treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

We (and our service providers) also analyze and use Site usage information and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies, alone and in combination with personal information, to assess the behavior of our users, to measure the interest in and use of the Sites and communications, and to customize the Sites and our communications with you. We do this on both on an individual basis and in the aggregate.

INFORMATION DISCLOSURE  
We may disclose information we collect (including Site usage information and personal information) in the following ways, to the extent permitted by law:  
to our service providers and suppliers, who collect or use such information for us or on our behalf (such as website or database hosting companies, address list hosting companies, email service providers, analytics companies, distribution companies, fulfillment companies, and other similar entities that help us to operate the Sites and/or provide functionality, content and services); as necessary, if we believe that there has been a violation of the Site Terms and Conditions or any other Site policy, or if we have reason to believe that our rights or property, or the rights or property of any third party, may be or have been harmed;  
to respond to subpoenas or other judicial processes, or to provide information as requested by law enforcement agencies, other government authorities, or otherwise as required by law; in the event that Michael Kors or substantially all of its assets are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation or other similar corporate reorganization, where your information may be one of the transferred assets; to third-party marketers, as permitted by law, unless you direct us not to (please see the Your Choices/Your Privacy Rights section below); when you contribute to a social, community or other publicly available area or feature of the Site, the information and content that you post may be made available to the general public, depending on your settings (which is why we recommend that you do not submit or post any sensitive personal information, such as your full name, home address, phone number or other information that would enable others to contact or locate you); otherwise, with your permission; 

and as otherwise, with your permission or as permitted by law. Content and information that you submit on or through Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Tumblr and other third-party platforms may appear on the Sites through feeds from and other interfaces with those platforms. We are not responsible for the information, content and/or privacy practices of any such third-party platforms.

YOUR CHOICES/YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS  
If you would like to opt out of receiving direct mail from us, please contact us at customerservice@bestwatches.cn. Please understand that if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your Account, relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us.

If you would like to opt out of receiving promotional emails from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions located in each such email or contact us at customerservice@bestwatches.cn. Please understand that if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your Account, relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us.

If you would prefer that we not share your personal information with third-party marketers, please contact us at customerservice@bestwatches.cn. Please include your name and your email and postal addresses. (Note that we never share your payment information with other marketers.) Please understand that if you do request that we stop sharing your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, such request will only apply as of the date of your request, and we will not be responsible for any communications that you may receive from third parties that received your personal information prior to that request. In these cases, please opt out from or contact that third party directly.

MAINTENANCE AND PROCESSING OF INFORMATION IN THE U.S. AND OTHER COUNTRIES

Your personal and other information may be stored, transferred and processed in and to the United States and in other countries by our affiliates and our service providers. By providing personal information to us, you consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States or such other jurisdictions, which may provide lesser privacy protections than the laws of other countries, and you acknowledge that your information may thus be subject to U.S. and foreign laws and accessible to U.S. and foreign governments, courts, law enforcement and regulatory agencies.

ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

You may access any personal information you provide to us, correct or modify any such personal information, or direct us to delete or make no further use of your personal information. You can access or make certain adjustments to your account directly through your online Account, or you can contact us with your request at email. In your request, please include your name, email and postal address, as well as your specific request and any information we may need in order to provide or otherwise process your request.  
Disclosure of information  
We may disclose your personal information as follows:  
1\. To carefully select third party partners so they can inform promotional activities and service for you.  
2\. Our site obtenira and will use the personally identifiable information you provide on this website, you can also use your information to authorize, prevent fraud and reduce credit risk, site eva luation and data analysis.  
3\. Our accommodations for our site to guardianship partners and other parties to help us operate our website or developer of business, as these external parties undertake to preserve the confidentiality of information.  
4\. comply with the law, respond to requests of government information, apply the policies of this site, or protect the rights, property or safety of us or others.

5\. For advertising third party partners and service providers. The information we disclose may include your transaction information with us. Our advertising partners, so that the data we provide are of nuisance and do not share your personal information, such as name, address, email address, etc., in order to provide advertisements for you according to your interests.

Otherwise, your consensus!
