> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bestofneworleans.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121005040339id_/http%3A//www.bestofneworleans.com/gambit/Privacy_Statement/Page) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement | Gambit New Orleans News and Entertainment

Welcome to the website for Gambit Weekly, bestofneworleans.com (the “Site”). This Site is operated by Gambit Communications, Inc. (”Gambit Communications” or “us”). We at Gambit Communications recognize that many visitors to our website are concerned about the information that they provide to us or that may be collected, and how we treat that information. In order to address those concerns we have developed this Website Privacy Statement.

**A. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED**

At this website, we may collect both personally identifiable information and non-personal information from you.

1\. Personally identifiable information. You don’t have to provide us with your personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, etc.) in order to read most of what’s posted on our website. We may, however, collect personally identifiable information about you when you submit comments in response to one of our articles, sign up to receive information from us, open an account with us, submit a letter to the editor through the Site, sign up for our mailing list, enter a contest, respond to a survey, make a submission, email us, purchase something through the Site, or at times in which we alert you that you must submit personally identifiable information. Without this information, we would not be able to respond to your inquiries, entries and requests. Please also note that several features of the Site, such as the Personals, Classifieds and blogs, may be operated by third parties. These third parties may also obtain personally identifiable information from you in order to use their services. Please check their privacy policies for information about their privacy practices. In some cases, such as with the online Classifieds, these third parties may provide your personally identifiable information to Gambit Communications.

2\. Non-personal information. Non-personal information, such as which pages on the Site are accessed, what information is downloaded, what type of browser and operating system are being used, which Internet service provider is being used, and other information of this general type may be collected about visitors to the Site. This information does not allow us to personally identify the Site visitor. By collecting this information we learn how best to develop our website to meet the needs and desires of our visitors.

**B. METHODS OF INFORMATION COLLECTION**

Personally identifiable information is collected when submitted by you — such as when you sign up for an account with us or when you send us an email. Personally identifiable information may also be collected when you include it as part of a comment, letter, forum submission or blog entry that you submit to us. Your personally identifiable information may be collected by third party service providers, such as when you sign up to run a classified advertisement, and then provided to Gambit Communications by the third party. Non-personal information may be collected via “cookies” (small text files place on your computer’s hard drive), “web beacons” or other technology.

**C. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION**

1\. Personally identifiable information. If you sign up for an account with us (which is required in order to submit comments), then we may use your personally identifiable information to maintain your account and to correspond with you. We may also use it to send you our newsletter, but only if you check the box requesting that service. If you enter one of our contests, then we may use your personally identifiable information for purposes of the contest (such as to notify you if you win) and/or in accordance with the contest rules. We may also provide your personally identifiable information to the sponsor(s) of the contest, publish information concerning the winner of the contest, and/or for any other lawful purposes. If you e-mail us, submit a letter to us, or ask to be placed on a mailing list that we maintain, then we may contact you and send information to you. If you register to purchase merchandise through this website, then we may use your personally identifiable information to maintain your account and/or process your order. If we receive your personally identifiable information from a third party service provider, such as from the company which operates our online Classifieds, then we may use the information to contact you and to assist in performing the service for which you have registered with the third party. [In addition to the uses listed above, we may use your personally identifiable information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, as part of a statistical website usage analysis, and/or to improve the features and content of this website. We may also use your personally identifiable information to assist in delivery of content that is customized to your interests. We do not collect personally identifiable information on an automatic basis, but we may combine non-personal information (which may be automatically collected) with your previously submitted personally identifiable information.] We may also use your personally identifiable information as set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Statement.

2\. Non-personal information. We may use your non-personal information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, as part of a statistical website usage analysis, to improve the features and content of this website, and/or for other purposes to assist our business. We may share such information with advertisers and other third parties, typically in the aggregate. We may also use your non-personal information as set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Statement.

3\. Links from the Site to advertisers and other third parties. Please be aware that Gambit Communications’ advertisers, business partners, sponsors, service providers and other third parties accessible through the Site (such as via links from this Site and/or framed on this Site) may have their own privacy practices. Gambit Communications is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of the third parties when providing information to them. These third parties, such as the providers of the classified ads, personal ads and blogs accessible through this Site, may provide the personally identifiable information that they collect to Gambit Communications and may also use the information in accordance with their own privacy practices. Financial institutions, such as those which process credit card orders, are subject to federal privacy laws.

4\. Other third parties. During the course of its business, Gambit Communications uses third party service providers, such as lawyers and accountants, to perform a variety of functions. In some instances, Gambit Communications may need to provide personal and/or non-personal information about you to such third parties. However, all third party service providers which are not linked from the Site are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than for which they were selected to work with Gambit Communications.

5\. Public forum. If you submit a comment, letter to the editor, personal ad, email, blog entry, forum entry or similar submission, the information in your submission may be published to the general public. Please exercise caution when making such submissions. Please note that most such submissions are not reviewed prior to publication. We will not be responsible to read or respond to any requests for privacy or confidentiality that are included with the submission or at any time.

6\. Other uses. In addition to the uses set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Statement. Gambit Communications may use or disclose personal or non-personal information: (i) in cases where we believe in good faith that it is necessary to prevent a crime, an injury or financial loss to ourselves or to third parties; (ii) to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of this Site (including violation of the Terms of Use); (iii) pursuant to a court order, warrant, subpoena, discovery request, or as required by law; (iv) in conjunction with the sale or offering for sale of some or all of Gambit Communications; (v) in the event of Gambit Communications’ bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, or similar financial circumstances; and/or (vi) when you have been made aware of the possibility of use or disclosure of the information at or prior to the time of collection.

**D. OUR COMMITMENT TO SECURITY**

We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures that we believe are appropriate to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. Please note that we cannot guaranty the security of our databases or Site; nor can we guaranty that information will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet. In order to use some of the features of this Site, you may be required to create an account with us. For your protection, this account will only be accessible by means of a password or similar security measure. If you believe that your password or email address has been compromised, you should change your account with us immediately. If you forget your password, follow the instructions on the login page.

**E. CHILDREN**

This Site is not intended for the use of children under the age of 18, and Gambit Communications does not solicit or anticipate correspondence or Site visits from such children. If you are a child under the age of 13 that intends to submit information to Gambit Communications through this Site, you must obtain your parent’s consent prior to making such submission. In the event that Gambit Communications obtains actual knowledge that you are a child under the age of 13, Gambit Communications may require that you (and/or your parent) prove to us your prior parental consent.

**F. ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND “OPT OUT” PROCEDURES**

You may change your online account information with Gambit Communications at any time by accessing your account through the Site (if you forgot your password, follow the instructions on the login page). We have no obligation to change or permit you to access any other information that you have submitted to Gambit Communications or we have collected. Nor do we have any obligation to limit our uses of such information other than as set forth in this Privacy Statement. To change the information that you submitted to third party service providers, such as in conjunction with personal ads, classified ads or blogs, please contact the service provider. Their policies will dictate the extent to which you can access or change the information that they have collected about you.

**G. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT**

This Privacy Statement may be changed from time to time, so we encourage you to check back with every visit to the Site. If you do not agree to one or more of the changes, you may choose to “opt out,” using the procedures set forth above. Once the change has been made, all information collected by the Site before or after the change will be subject to the new terms of the Privacy Statement. The current version of this Privacy Statement is effective September 1, 2007

**H. TO CONTACT US**

To contact us, please see the information set forth on the “Contact Us” page in our website.

Copyright (c) 2007, Gambit Communications, Inc. All rights reserved. 
