> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bestsales.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170209142034id_/http%3A//www.bestsales.com/site/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**PRIVACY STATEMENT**

In order to provide you with the Services, the Company may require that you first provide certain personal information, which we determine is reasonably necessary. Any personal information which we collect from you will only be used for the purposes identified in this Privacy Statement  and the Terms of Use, and as may otherwise be indicated at the time the information is collected. Although You are under no obligation to provide such personal data to us, if you choose not to, some of the Company Services may not be available to you.

  The Comany will not disclose your personal information to any third party unless:  
1) it is necessary in order to provide you with a particular Service you have requested;  
2) it is required of the Company in order to comply with a legal process in any applicable jurisdiction (e.g., court order, subpoena, search warrant, law enforcement request); or  
3) The Company determines, in its sole discretion, that disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates, co-brand partners or other parties, our users, or others. In addition, the Copmany may transmit information to a merchant, such as an invoice number, which may permit the merchant to deduce the identity of a user/reviewer in the event that a merchant disputes a user review on the grounds that a transaction never took place between the user and the merchant and/or an order was never made by the user in each case for the applicable product(s)/service(s).

The Copmany is not responsible for other parties' privacy policies or their use, storage and processing of data collected on their web sites.  
In certain instances, the Company may request that you provide secondary information (e.g., demographic information), which we may use, for example, to learn more about our customers and to develop and improve our services. We may compile your personal information with that collected from other customers to create aggregate data. Aggregate data is information about groups of customers and, once compiled, will not identify you as an individual. We may disclose aggregate data to our business affiliates, advertisers, and other parties.  
Our web servers collect from Site visitor's statistical information regarding what pages are visited, the date and time of the visits, how long it took a user to download a page, and the TCP/IP address of the user. These automated server functions do not collect this information in a manner intended to identify your individual use of the Site, nor do we use this information for any such purpose. This information is collected to assist us in maintaining a high quality site, as well as, providing necessary traffic information to our advertisers. We use Web beacons and cookies on the Site. The type of information we collect includes the product codes and prices for merchandise that visitors purchase, and the pages visited. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see.

**SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER**

In order to receive our newsletter, you will be required to provide us with you email address. By submitting your email address, you understand that you will receive email communications from the Site, including commercial communications. You may unsubscribe if you wish to stop receiving email newsletters from the Site at any time by follow the unsubscribe-link that is in the newsletter itself or by sending an email to: contact@bestsales.com

**COOKIE INFORMATION**

The Site contains cookie technology, which collects non-personal information about you which is used to customize the Site for your future use. We use third-party advertising companies to place customized advertisements on the pages you view on the Site. Our third-party advertising companies also separately place or recognize a cookie file on your browser in the course of delivering advertisements to the Site. These companies may use non-personal information collected by the cookies about your visits to the Site and other web sites in order to provide you with advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. You can prevent the use of cookies on your computer by adjusting the privacy settings in your browser.  
The Site contains links to web sites of third parties. The Copmany is not responsible for the actions of these third parties, including their privacy practices and any content posted on their web sites. We encourage you to review their privacy policies to learn more about what, why and how they collect and use personal information. The Company adheres to industry recognized standards to secure any personal information in our possession, and to secure it from unauthorized access and tampering. However, as is true with all online actions, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions of personal information, or other users of the Site may misuse or abuse your personal information that they may collect from the Site.  
The Company uses third-party advertising companies to serve our ads on the Site. These third-party advertising companies employ cookie and 1x1 pixel .gifs or web beacons to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients. To do so, these companies may use anonymous information about your visits to our website and other websites, but will not collect any information which can personally identify you or can be linked to you. This information can include: date/time of banner ad shown, the banner ad that was shown, their cookie, and the IP address. This information can also be used for online preference marketing purposes.
