> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bestcovery.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110607002908id_/http%3A//www.bestcovery.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Bestcovery

**Date of Last Modification:** November 15, 2010

Bestcovery.com LLC (“Bestcovery”, "we", "us" or "our") knows the importance of your privacy. It is important for you to know how information about you is used and shared when you are using the Website located at [http://www.Bestcovery.com](http://www.bestcovery.com/ "http://www.Bestcovery.com"), seeing our e-mails, or using our services (collectively the "Website"). We want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of personal information. This privacy notice describes our privacy policy and discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. Your use of the Website signifies your understanding and acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please read the complete Privacy Policy below and contact us if you have any questions.

This Privacy Policy will be updated or modified from time to time to accommodate without limitation technology changes, new regulations and changes in our business practices or policies. Please check this policy statement for updates frequently. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, it will be reflected in this Privacy Policy. You are responsible for checking this page periodically for changes and updates to the Privacy Policy. Your use of the Website following any posted changes to the Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of such changes. By providing any Personal Information (defined as any information that personally identifies you such as your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, mobile number and credit card information and other self-identifying information) to this Website, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of such information in the United States and/or any other country.

The Website is not intended for use by persons under the age of thirteen. We operate the Website in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and do not permit registration by, and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from, anyone under 13 years of age. Individuals who are under the age of thirteen are expressly prohibited from submitting to Bestcovery.com or posting to the Website any personally identifiable information about themselves. 

If you choose to visit Bestcovery.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use (<http://www.bestcovery.com/node/19>), including without limitation: resolution of disputes, limitations on damages, and application of the laws of the State of California. If you have any questions or concern about privacy at Bestcovery.com or for our services, please contact us at [Contracts@Bestcovery.com](mailto:Contracts@Bestcovery.com) or by sending a thorough description of your questions and concerns to our corporate offices at the address provided in Notice Addresses section of the Terms of Use ([Notice Addresses](http://www.bestcovery.com/node/19#notice)). 

By providing any Personal Information to Bestcovery, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the transfer of Personal Information to, and the collection and processing of such Personal Information in, the United States and other countries or territories. Your Personal Information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States. The laws on holding Personal Information in the United States may vary and be less stringent than laws of your state or country. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to hold and transmit your Personal Information in a safe, confidential and secure environment. If you object to your Personal Information being transferred or used in this manner please do not register with or use the Website.

This Privacy Policy explains:

1\. **[Information collected by Bestcovery.](http://www.bestcovery.com/node/18#info) **  
2\. **[Sharing of Information and links to third party web sites.](http://www.bestcovery.com/node/18#sharing) **  
3\. **[Bestcovery's practice regarding cookies and tracking technology.](http://www.bestcovery.com/node/18#cookies) **  
4\. **[Bestcovery’s use of the information.](http://www.bestcovery.com/node/18#use) **  
5\. **[Protection of your Personal Information.](http://www.bestcovery.com/node/18#protection) **  
6\. **[You options regarding collection of the Personal Information.](http://www.bestcovery.com/node/18#options) **

**1\. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY BESTCOVERY.**  
We do not require that you provide, nor do we collect, any Personal Information if you are just browsing the Website. Several of the services and features that we offer on our Website require you to provide us with information as a condition of usage. These include the ability to: post expert content, opinions or other content; participation in sweepstakes or contests subscriptions and e-mail newsletters; and participation in message boards. 

We collect Personal Information when you provide it to us. From time to time, we may also collect other sensitive information such as your job title, gender, username and password or other demographic information. We may also receive information about you from other sources and add it to the information you provided to us. If you choose to voluntarily disclose certain information on any public areas of the Website or though submission of any material or content, this Privacy Policy will not cover such disclosure of information. We urge you to exercise caution when submitting content or disclosing any information on public message boards or discussion forums.

Bestcovery may also monitor, on an anonymous aggregate basis, patterns of use of the Website or in connection with e-mails that it sends out, including which links are clicked on in our e-mail communications, so that we may use such information to better personalize the content of the Website and our mailings for our users. All such information will be protected in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We may also automatically collect your Internet Protocol address for analysis or to help diagnose problems or for system administration. Bestcovery reserves the right to request any additional information necessary to establish and maintain your account for use of the Website.

**2\. SHARING OF INFORMATION AND LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEB SITES.**  
Bestcovery will not sell, rent or barter or disclose your Personal Information, except we will make your personally identifiable information available to other companies or people when:  
1) it is necessary in order to provide you with a particular service you have requested; 2) it is required of Bestcovery in order to comply with a legal process in any applicable jurisdiction (e.g., court order, subpoena, search warrant, law enforcement request); 3) Bestcovery determines, in its sole discretion, that disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of Bestcovery, its subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or other parties under contract with Bestcovery, our users, or others; 4) You have elected to allow us to share that information at the time that you registered with us or provided us the information, or through a subsequent affirmative election through our Website; 5) You volunteer information or create a public profile in the course of your participation in our community features such as expert picks, forums, user opinions and reviews, chat rooms, photo sharing or other forms of public communication and interaction; 6) We hire third-party vendors to provide specialized services such as customer support; e-mail message deployment; suppression, merge and de-duplication services; data processing; and special products or services that you have requested; 7) You unsubscribe for a mailing that we send to you on behalf of a third party, We may share your removal instruction with the third party so that it may be added to that person's list of people to whom they may not send e-mails; 8) You are the winner of a contest or a sweepstakes that is co-sponsored with a third party and that third party needs your information in order to manage the prize fulfillment process; 9) Bestcovery has merged, sold, has transferred some or all of its assets, Website or operations, to another entity; or 10) You have provided such data through a partner's web site, in which case Bestcovery may provide your personal data to that partner (Bestcovery is not responsible for its partners' privacy policies or their use, storage and processing of data collected on their web sites). 

The Website may also contain links to other Web sites and advertising. The privacy policies of other Web site operators or advertisers may significantly differ from our Privacy Policy. We urge you to contact third party Web site operators or advertisers directly if you have any questions or concerns about their data collection or privacy policies. BESTCOVERY ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY WEB SITE OPERATORS' OR ADVERTISERS' DATA COLLECTION PRACTICES OR THEIR FAILURE TO ABIDE BY THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES.

**3\. BESTCOVERY'S PRACTICE REGARDING COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGY.**  
Your Internet browser has a feature called cookies, which stores small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to the Website. You do not need to have cookies turned on to visit Bestcovery, although active participation in certain areas of the Website may require cookies. Cookies alone tell us nothing about who you are unless you specifically give us personally identifiable information, in which case we use the information to enhance services we provide to you in the ways described below. By adjusting your settings on your browser, you may elect not to allow cookies on your computer. 

We use cookies and tracking technologies in a variety of ways, including but not limited to: Keep count of number of times you visit the Website or our advertisers' or partners' sites; collect aggregate data (data collected in mass) that is anonymous, statistical information on the Website and advertisement usage for analysis and reporting purposes; track behaviors on the Website and to determine popularity of features and functions; implement interest-based advertising, save your username or password for easy login when you visit our Website; and displaying the most appropriate advertising or content. We use technologies that allow us to track general user-traffic patterns and we also automatically receive and record information from our servers and from your browser, including your IP address, the time of your visit to pages on our Website, and information about pages you visited. Unless you have registered for one of our products or services, the information we gather through the use of tracking technologies cannot be matched with any personally identifiable information about you. 

We allow other companies that are advertisers on the Website and/or our newsletters to use tracking technology on your computer. We also use third party advertising companies to serve ads on the Website. We do not provide Personal Information to these third parties as part of this relationship. These tracking technologies tell those advertisers nothing about who you are unless you visit the web sites of these companies and advertisers, either directly or by clicking ads on our Website and then providing them with personally identifiable information about yourself,. Cookies, 1x1 or other size pixels, .gifs or web beacons, or similar tracking technologies may be utilized or placed by third parties on your computer to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads or similar purposes. These companies may use anonymous information about your visits to our Website and other web sites, but will not collect any information which can personally identify you or can be linked to you (unless if you explicitly give this type of information to them). This information can include: date/time of ad shown, the ad that was displayed, cookies, the IP address, your inferred and expressed interests, including transactional information and product interests we derive from your visits to the Website or other web sites. The recipients of this information use it to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our Website and on the web sites of third parties. This information can also be used for online preference marketing purposes. Cookies or other tracking technologies placed on your computer by third parties by or through the Website, if any, are not within Bestcovery’s control and are not subject to the Bestcovery terms of use or Privacy Policy. If you have any questions concerning third-party cookies, please contact the third party placing such cookies to find out what information is collected and how it is used. BESTCOVERY ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY COOKIES OR TRACKING AND DATA GATHERING TECHNOLOGIES.

If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting data, currently you may either visit each ad network's web site individually and opt out or visit the NAI gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network advertising cookies. Note that if you opt out, you will still receive advertising. Also, if you opt out and later delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. [Click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp) for the NAI gateway opt-out site.

**4\. BESTCOVERY’S USE OF THE INFORMATION.**  
In addition to the uses identified in section describing Bestcovery’s practice regarding Cookies, we use the information we gather to: 

a) Customize the advertising and the content you see;  
b) To enhance the user experience on the Website or to maintain, protect and improve the Website and our service;  
c) Determine the performance of the Website including but not limited to how well each page performs overall based on aggregate user demographics and traffic patterns to those pages;  
d) Fulfill your requests for certain services, including but not limited to content submission, receiving newsletters, participating in paid services, job applications, product support issues or complaint, contests, and message boards; and  
e) Send you information or advertising you agreed to receive or we think will be of interest to you including but not limited to introduction of new products and services or general commercial advertising. 

**5\. PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.**  
For all our accounts, we employ reasonable Internet security methods and technologies. Where appropriate, we password protect, use encryption techniques and install firewalls. We store your Personal Information on a secure server, and use procedures designed to protect the Personal Information we collect from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure.

Although we will take reasonable security precautions regarding your Personal Information collected from and stored on the Website, because of the open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that any of your Personal Information stored on our servers, or transmitted to or from a user, will be free from unauthorized access, and we disclaim any liability for any theft or loss of, unauthorized access or damage to, or interception of any data or communications. By using the Website, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks. 

**6\. YOU OPTIONS REGARDING COLLECTION OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION.**  
If you would rather not provide any of the user data or Personal Information requested by our registration process or Website, you should then not use the Website or those features and/or functions of the Website that require such information. You can still view much of the content and use many of the services offered by our Website without providing Personal Information. We also give you the option to: opt out of receiving our electronic newsletters or those of third parties when registering or subsequent to registration; or not to provide certain Personal Information when registering for a function and/or feature, provided, however, that you may not be able to use some of our products or services without providing us with certain Personal Information. 
