> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lakers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151231222332id_/http%3A//www.nba.com/news/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# NBA.com Privacy Policy

*****What's New in the Updated Privacy Policy?*****

We have updated our Privacy Policy to more clearly identify how we share information and the affiliates with whom data may be shared. Please take the time to read the full Privacy Policy. You consent to the data collection, use, disclosure and storage practices described in this Privacy Policy when you use any of the NBA.com Network Sites (as defined below), including, without limitation, when you view or access videos or other content.

Looking for the NBA.com Terms of Use? [Click Here](http://www.nba.com/news/termsofuse.html)

The NBA.com, WNBA.com and nbadleague.com online and mobile sites, applications or services (each a "Site" and collectively the "Sites") are operated by Turner Digital Basketball Services, Inc. and its affiliates ("Turner") pursuant to an agreement with NBA Media Ventures, LLC ("NBAMV"), NBA TV, LLC ("NBATV") and NBA Properties, Inc. ("NBAP") (NBAMV, NBATV and NBAP collectively referred to as the "NBA Entities") (NBA Entities and Turner collectively referred to herein as "we", "our" or "us"). The official National Basketball Association ("NBA") team Sites are operated by Turner and the respective NBA teams. The official Women's National Basketball Association ("WNBA") team Sites are operated by Turner and the respective WNBA teams. The official NBA Development League ("D-League") team Sites are operated by Turner and the respective D-League teams. The NBA.com, WNBA.com and nbadleague.com Sites, in addition to the official team Sites of the NBA, WNBA and D-League, are collectively referred to as the "NBA.com Network."

Here at the NBA.com Network, we are committed to safeguarding your privacy. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes the information we gather through the NBA.com Network, what we do with it, and the safeguards we have in place to protect it. Please note that this Policy applies only to information collected through the NBA.com Network. It does not apply to any other information collected or obtained by any member of the NBA Family (as defined below) through other means.

Before you submit any information to the NBA.com Network, please read this Policy for an explanation of how we will treat your personally identifiable information. By using any part of the NBA.com Network, including without limitation any official Site of an NBA, WNBA, or D-League team, you consent to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information as outlined in this Policy and to the collection, processing and maintenance of this information in the United States, and where applicable, other countries. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the NBA.com Network. Your use of any part of the NBA.com Network indicates your acceptance of this Policy and of the collection and use of your personally identifiable information in accordance with this Policy. 

You should note that the NBA.com Network includes certain "Third Party Sections", which are operated by third parties other than Turner, including, without limitation, the NBA/WNBA Store at [http://store.nba.com](http://store.nba.com/), which is operated by Fanatics Retail Group North, Inc. ("FRGNI"), and the NBA Photo Store at <http://photostore.nba.com/>, which is operated by Getty Images or its designee (collectively, the "Third Party Sections"). These Third Party Sections may be subject to the additional privacy policies of the companies that collect data through these Third Party Sections. Please refer to the section entitled "Special policies applicable to Third Party Sections" below for more information. You also should note that the NBA.com Network works with (and may provide links to) third party sites (i.e., sites that are not part of the NBA.com Network) that advertise on and/or offer features and transactions described on the NBA.com Network (e.g., tickets, fantasy games, subscription services, chat rooms, message boards, registration for camps and clinics). The organizations controlling those third party sites are responsible for ensuring that they comply with applicable laws, regulations, and rules. If you visit a site that is not part of the NBA.com Network, we encourage you to review that site's privacy policy before providing any personally identifiable information.

The NBA.com Network does not knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. In addition, the NBA.com Network does not knowingly obtain, retain or use information from anyone who indicates that they are under the age of 13. Accordingly, children under the age of 13 may be restricted from participating in certain features and transactions on the NBA.com Network (including, without limitation, NBAStore.com and WNBAStore.com ("NBA/WNBA Store")). If you would like more information about the NBA.com Network's policy with respect to children, please read our Note to Parents below. 

If we make any material changes to this Policy, those changes will be posted here so that you are always aware of what personally identifiable information is collected, how that information is used, and under what circumstances that information may be disclosed. Since this Policy may change from time to time, you should review it periodically and specifically before you provide any additional personally identifiable information. Your continued use of the NBA.com Network following the posting of changes to this Policy will signal your acceptance of such changes. 

If you have any questions, comments, or requests regarding this Policy or the information practices of the NBA.com Network, please contact us by e-mail at [FanRelations@NBA.com](mailto:FanRelations@NBA.com) or write to us at 645 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10022, Attn: NBA.com Network Fan Relations. 

### TABLE OF CONTENTS

  1. 1\. The organizations collecting the information
  2. 2\. What personally identifiable and other information is collected
  3. 3\. How personally identifiable and other information is used
  4. 4\. With whom the information may be shared
  5. 5\. Online Advertising
  6. 6\. Special policies applicable to Third Party Sections
  7. 7\. What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information; Opting-out
  8. 8\. The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control
  9. 9\. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information
  10. 10\. Choice of Law
  11. 11\. Data Stored in the United States
  12. 12\. Your California Privacy Rights



1\. The organizations collecting the information

The information collected through the NBA.com Network is collected on behalf of, and may be shared with, all members of the "NBA Family," including without limitation Turner, the NBA Entities, WNBA Enterprises, LLC ("WNBAE"), NBA Development League, LLC, each NBA, WNBA, and D-League team, and each of their respective parents and affiliates. 

The following is a representative list of Turner affiliates that may receive access to information collected in connection with the Sites. We may update this list from time-to-time so please check back periodically to keep up to date. Representative list of Turner affiliates: BLEACHER REPORT, INC., CABLE NEWS INTERNATIONAL, INC., CABLE NEWS NETWORK, INC., CARTOON INTERACTIVE GROUP, INC., CARTOON NETWORK ENTERPRISES, INC., CNE TOURS, INC. (F/K/A CARTOON NETWORK SHOP, INC.), CNN INTERACTIVE GROUP, INC., COURT TV DIGITAL LLC, COURTROOM TELEVISION NETWORK LLC, RETRO, INC., SUPERSTATION, INC., TBS INTERACTIVE GROUP, INC., TCM INTERACTIVE GROUP, INC., THE CARTOON NETWORK, INC., TNT INTERACTIVE GROUP, INC., TNT ORIGINALS, INC., TURNER BROADCASTING SALES, INC., TURNER CLASSIC MOVIES, INC., TURNER DIGITAL BASKETBALL SERVICES, INC., TURNER ENTERTAINMENT NETWORKS, INC., TURNER FESTIVALS, INC. (F/K/A TURNER DIRECT RETAILING, INC.), TURNER MEDIA VENTURES, INC., TURNER NETWORK SALES, INC., TURNER NETWORK TELEVISION, INC., TURNER PAGES, INC., TURNER SPORTS INTERACTIVE, INC., TURNER SPORTS, INC., WARNER BROS. ENTERTAINMENT, INC., HOME BOX OFFICE, INC., TIME WARNER, INC. 

Return to Top

2\. What personally identifiable and other information is collected

As stated above, the NBA.com Network does not knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Please review our Note to Parents, if you have any questions regarding our Policy with respect to children. 

With respect to persons age 13 or older, the NBA.com Network collects personally identifiable information required to participate in certain NBA.com Network features and transactions (e.g., in connection with membership enrollment, newsletters, games, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, purchases on the NBA/WNBA Store, etc.). This information may vary but will typically include your first and last name, mailing address (including city, state, zip code and country), complete date of birth, and e-mail address. It may also include additional information, such as telephone number, fax number, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs and services. In case you are making purchases online, a credit card number (including CID number) and expiration date may be required as well as shipping, billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item and other transactional information based on your purchase activities through the NBA.com Network. You may also be requested to provide a unique member name and password to access and use certain features of the Site. You may elect to provide us with other personally identifiable information, such as in your profile, or when you post comments or content to our public forums. If you provide personally identifiable information in these ways, please note that such information may be available to the general public. In order to better customize and enhance your membership experience, we may combine the information that you provide with supplemental information (including mailing address updates and demographic data) that we obtain from public sources or reputable third parties. Information combined with personally identifiable information becomes, and is treated as, personally identifiable information under this Policy.

The NBA.com Network also may collect information that is anonymous, de-identified or otherwise not intended to personally identify you, including without limitation, network or Internet Protocol (IP) address, type of browser you are using (e.g., Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows, MacOS), the domain name of your Internet or wireless service provider (e.g., Comcast, Verizon, AT&T), the type and/or "device ID" of handheld or mobile devices you are using (e.g., iPhone, Galaxy), mobile network, the web pages you have visited within the NBA.com Network, sites visited before and after you visit a page on the NBA.com Network, general location information (e.g., city, county, and/or state), the content you have accessed and the advertisements you have been shown and/or clicked on. The NBA Entities, Turner and our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies and/or partners may use the information described in this paragraph to improve the design and content of our (and their) respective Sites and other offerings, to deliver more relevant marketing messages and advertisements, to enable us to personalize your Internet experience, and to perform analytics.

If you are accessing the NBA.com Network from a mobile device, you may be asked to share your geo-location information with us so we can customize your experience on the NBA.com Network. You will be able to turn off such data collection at any time by accessing the privacy settings of your mobile device. We may combine this and other non-personally identifiable information with the personally identifiable information that we have collected, including to customize a user's membership experience. 

In addition, the NBA.com Network may solicit from time to time your opinion (e.g., to determine your preferences and dislikes in order to provide you with a better product or offering). These surveys are always optional, and your decision not to participate in a survey will not affect your status as an NBA.com Network user.

**Social Networking.** You also can engage with our content, such as video, games, applications, and other offerings, on or through third-party social networking sites, such as Facebook, and NBA Family or third-party social media plug-ins and applications. When you engage with our content on or through third-party social networking sites, plug-ins and applications, you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile (e.g., name, e-mail address, gender, birthday, location, your photos and videos, your list of friends, people you follow and/or who follow you, your posts or 'likes') to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application. We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information (e.g., content viewed, game performance, high scores, and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on) from your interaction with our content. We may combine information which we obtain through social networking sites or applications with information we obtain directly through the NBA.com Network or from other sources.

When you allow us to access information from your social media account, it can enable us to do things like (1) deliver relevant content to you, (2) personalize your online experience with us within and outside the NBA.com Network, and (3) contact you through the social networking sites or directly using your contact information. By engaging with our content through social networking sites or applications, you consent to the use of this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please note that when you provide personal information in publicly visible areas of social networking sites or applications, it may be viewed by other members of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the information by third parties. Through some social networking sites' privacy settings, you can control what information you share with whom. For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use.

**Use of Cookies.** The NBA.com Network uses browser-based "cookie" technology, users' IP addresses and similar technologies to customize and enhance your online experience on the Site. Browser cookies are pieces of information stored within your computer's Internet browser that automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with the NBA.com Network. Such technology is a common feature of many web sites and is necessary in order for certain features of the NBA.com Network to function properly or in order to provide an online service to you (e.g., membership enrollment, NBA/WNBA Store). We also use cookies to help us understand and manage the content, offerings and advertisements delivered to you on the NBA.com Network and across the Internet. Please read about our online advertising activities to understand the use of cookies on the NBA.com Network to show you targeted advertising on the NBA.com Network and across the Internet. We may combine information which we obtain through the use of cookies with other information, including a unique identifier we have assigned to you, or with information we obtain from third party sources. You may customize the browser settings of your computer to notify you when a browser cookie is sent or to refuse browser cookies altogether.

We may also use flash cookies (also known as "locally stored objects") to store information relevant to a particular application (e.g., in connection with an online game or video, or to track participation in a poll). We do not, however, use flash cookies to alter your browser settings regarding your preferences for the operation of browser cookies (e.g., we do not use flash cookies to recreate a browser cookie deleted by a user). If you would like to manage our use of flash cookies to store information about you, please visit the [Website Storage Settings Panel](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html), available through the Adobe Flash Player settings management tool, and select any websites that reference NBA.com (e.g., www.nba.com, nba-preview.nba.com). You may also manage all uses of flash cookies on your computer through the [Global Storage Settings Panel](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager03.html) on Adobe's settings management tool.

We, our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies or our partners may also use "web beacons" or clear .gifs, or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on a web page, to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page. Web beacons may also be used to provide information on the effectiveness of our email campaigns (e.g., open rates, clicks, forwards).

**How We Respond to "Do Not Track" Instructions.** At this time the NBA.com Network does not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "do not track" instructions. However, you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser. You may set your browser to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser, or block all cookies. Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may limit your access to certain features on the NBA.com Network. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information about how to adjust these settings.

**Third Party Cookies.** In addition to Turner, the NBA.com Network authorizes reputable third parties to use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect information about your online activities and possible interests. We use that information to perform Site analytics, to tailor content to your likely interests, or to deliver interest-based ads to you across the Internet on behalf of the NBA Family or our partners. Examples of these third parties include, but are not limited to, Yahoo!, FRGNI (which operates the NBA/WNBA Store site), Google and Adobe.

Third parties also may place their own cookies within your browser when you visit the NBA.com Network. You should be aware that the NBA.com Network cannot generally control the use of cookies (or the resulting use of information obtained from cookies) by third parties that host or provide data, content and services for, or advertise on, the NBA.com Network. Please read about our online advertising activities to learn more about the use of third-party cookies for online advertising purposes and your ability to opt out of this use of your information by third-parties.

Please review the privacy policies of other websites of which you are a user or member to learn more about those sites' practices. As noted above, you may customize your browser settings to match your comfort level with regard to the use of cookies. If you reject "third party" cookies, you may limit the ability of third parties to collect information about your activities on the NBA.com Network. You may also choose to reject all cookies, although this may limit your access to certain features on the NBA.com Network, including certain personalized content.

3\. How personally identifiable and other information is used

The NBA Family may use your information to provide you with services and information you have requested or products you have purchased (e.g., membership updates, e-mail newsletters, NBA/WNBA Store orders), to resolve disputes, collect fees, troubleshoot problems, and for any other purpose for which you provided the information. The NBA Family also may use your information to respond to specific inquiries made by you (e.g., in response to job applications, e-mailed questions); to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our Terms of Use; and to customize, measure, analyze and improve our services, content and layout. In addition, the NBA Family may use your information and/or supplement your information with information we obtain from other sources (e.g., partners, third party providers, public sources) to customize and enhance your online experience, including for online advertising purposes as described below, and to notify you about special offers, products, services, and information that we think may be of interest to you. You can opt-out of receiving commercial e-mail from us at any time by indicating your preference according to the instructions provided within the e-mails received. You may also change or update your personally identifiable information by visiting the membership area at <https://secure.nba.com/membership/user/settings>, or (if applicable) the "My Account" area at the NBA/WNBA Store.

We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards or emails you may wish to send them from the NBA.com Network, and for such other purposes as may be stated at the point where the information is collected.

The information that we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience for all users. We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, services or customized experiences.

If you choose to submit content for publication (e.g., a letter to our editors, comments sent to our television personalities, a posting to a blog or a discussion board, a video submitted as part of a contest), we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us. If you register and create a profile with the NBA.com Network, the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile (e.g., photos, comments, video, reviews) will be displayed publicly on the NBA.com Network and may be reused and redistributed by us in our discretion. We may on occasion combine information that we collect through the NBA.com Network with information that we collect from other sources.

Return to Top

4\. With whom the information may be shared

As indicated above, the NBA.com Network may disclose personally identifiable information to those within the NBA Family. From time to time, the NBA.com Network may also share personally identifiable information or non-personally identifiable information with third parties that we have engaged to perform certain services in connection with the operation of certain aspects of the NBA.com Network, including to customize, measure, analyze and improve our services, content, and layout. These third party service providers are authorized to use personally identifiable information only in a manner consistent with this Policy.

The NBA Family has several sponsors and other business partners that can offer valuable products and services to our users. Except as indicated otherwise on the NBA.com Network, the NBA.com Network will not disclose your e-mail address to these partners if you have indicated that you do not wish to receive information, special offers or promotions from third parties via e-mail. From time to time, the NBA.com Network may share or provide non-identifiable information to these partners, and, in addition, the NBA.com Network may provide them with mailing address and other information so that they may extend offers to you. If you do not want your personally identifiable information shared with these partners, you may make such a request by sending us an e-mail at [FanRelations@NBA.com](mailto:FanRelations@NBA.com) or writing to 645 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10022, Attn: NBA.com Network Fan Relations. Your information also may be provided to an entity that acquires all or any part of the NBA.com Network's assets or in a merger or acquisition, in which case, you will be notified of such transaction and advised of any change in the applicable privacy policy. Further, we may disclose information in our discretion to cooperate with law enforcement or other government officials, or if asked to disclose information by subpoena, court order or other legal process.

While the NBA Family is careful in choosing its partners and advertisers, we are only responsible for content on our own Sites and for use of your personally identifiable information by us. All third parties associated with the NBA.com Network and/or to which the NBA.com Network may link (including, but not limited to, advertisers, sponsors and other Internet sites) with whom we share information have independent privacy and data collection practices. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every web site that you visit. The NBA.com Network does not control this collection of information and cannot be responsible or liable for the policies or actions of third parties.

We may share information that is anonymous, de-identified or otherwise not intended to personally identify you with our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, and/or partners for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy (e.g., to improve the design and content of such parties' respective offerings, to deliver more relevant marketing messages and advertisements, to enable us to personalize your Internet experience, and to perform analytics).

Return to Top

5\. Online Advertising 

The NBA.com Network engages Turner and third parties to deliver advertisements on the NBA.com Network and on our behalf across the Internet. Often the ads presented to you are based on the content of pages you are viewing, but we also provide ads tailored to your interests. Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests, we will enhance your online experience. As part of this process Turner and/or these third parties may collect information about your online activities across the NBA.com Network, the Turner Network and other sites, and supplement such information with information from third parties, in an effort to make inferences about your interests and deliver to you advertisements or other content targeted to those interests.

For example, if you often visit content on the NBA.com Network about a specific NBA team, we may use "web beacons" to infer your possible interest in that NBA team and may deliver an ad to you related to that interest. It's important to understand that these technologies use anonymous identifiers within the "cookies" stored in your browser.

**Opting Out.** We offer you choices with regard to interest-based ads. As described above, if you configure your browser settings to reject all cookies, you will reduce the number of interest-based ads delivered to you on our behalf. If you prefer a more limited form of opting out without rejecting cookies altogether, you may opt out with respect to individual entities involved in delivering interest-based ads on our behalf. Please note that opting out of receiving interest-based ads will not reduce the overall number of advertisements you receive. To learn more about interest-based ads and the choices available to you (including information specific to individual entities involved in delivering interest-based ads on our behalf), please visit our AdChoices page.

Turner is a participant in the online industry's self-regulatory program administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance (the "DAA") and has agreed to adhere to the DAA's principles applicable to interest-based ads. Please visit the [Self Regulatory Program site](http://www.aboutads.info/) for more information about the DAA, the self-regulatory principles and choices you can make regarding interest-based ads. 

Many companies involved in delivering interest-based ads on our behalf are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"), a cooperative of online advertisers. To learn more about the NAI and its centralized tool for opting out of the receipt of interest-based ads by its member companies, please visit the [NAI's opt-out page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

**Mobile Device Advertising & Tracking.** We, our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, and/or our partners may also collect identifiers designed to enable advertising on your mobile device. However, depending on your device, you may be able to reset your mobile device's advertising identifier at any time by accessing the privacy settings on your mobile device. In addition, when using a mobile application you may receive tailored in-application advertisements. Each operating system (e.g., currently iOS for Apple phones, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices) provides its own instructions on how to restrict the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of such advertisements. For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator.

Return to Top

6\. Special policies applicable to Third Party Sections

The practices described in this section apply only to information gathered through the Third Party Sections (such as those indicated below) and do not reflect practices with respect to information gathered elsewhere on the NBA.com Network. 

**NBA/WNBA Store.** At the NBA/WNBA Store, if you register or order products, you may provide personally identifiable information about yourself (or about others, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient) such as: name, birth date, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, and credit card information. 

The NBA.com Network has engaged FRGNI to perform services in connection with the management and operation of the NBA/WNBA Store. As such, in connection with the NBA/WNBA Store, FRGNI and its service providers will have access to and will use the personally identifiable information you provide in connection with your shopping and purchase activity on the NBA/WNBA Store, including providing customer service regarding your order, subject to the terms of this Policy. Examples of how FRGNI and its service providers may use your data include payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, marketing and promotional material distribution, site evaluation and data analysis. You may update your NBA/WNBA Store account information or e-mail preferences by visiting the "My Account" area at NBAStore.com or WNBAStore.com. 

In addition, FRGNI may use the personally identifiable information you provide in order to send you marketing and promotional material regarding products and services offered through other sites operated by FRGNI and/or its affiliates – which currently includes, but is not limited to, Fanatics.com and FansEdge.com. If you wish to opt-out of receiving such communications, you may do so by following the instructions provided within the materials received, or by contacting FRGNI at [privacy@fanatics.com](mailto:privacy@fanatics.com). To learn more about how FRGNI collects, uses, protects and discloses your personally identifiable information, please visit <https://fanatics.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/129/theme/standard>.

**NBA Photo Store.** At the NBA Photo Store, if you register or order products, you may provide the following types of personally identifiable information about yourself (or about others, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient): name, address, e-mail address, date of birth, telephone number, and credit card information. 

The NBA.com Network has engaged Getty Images or its designee to perform services in connection with the management and operation of NBA Photo Store. As such, in connection with the NBA Photo Store, Getty Images or its designee will have access to and will use the personally identifiable information you provide in connection with your purchases or registration on the NBA Photo Store, subject to the terms of this Policy. Examples of how Getty Images or its designee may use your data include payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, marketing and promotional material distribution, site evaluation and data analysis. 

**NBA Fantasy Games.** The NBA.com Network may conduct one or more fantasy games in conjunction with third parties. In connection with such fantasy games, the third party partner will have access to and may use the personally identifiable information you provide, subject to the terms of that third party's privacy policy, which will be posted on the registration page. Please review the posted privacy policies of such third parties for more information. 

Return to Top

7\. What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information, Opting-Out

Subject to the limitations described below, if you elect to create an NBA account, you will periodically receive emails regarding your account (e.g., emails containing or describing membership benefits, informing you of changes to your membership benefits, or providing other information about your membership). In addition, as an NBA account holder or as a customer at the NBA/WNBA Store, you will have the opportunity to receive newsletters, selected sponsor offers, and other promotions by e-mail. You will receive such e-mails as a result of the preferences indicated in the enrollment process or subsequent changes made to your preferences. If you wish to change your email preferences, you may do so by visiting your account settings at <https://secure.nba.com/membership/user/settings>), the "My Account" area at the NBA/WNBA Store (if applicable), or by indicating your preference according to the instructions provided within the e-mails received. If a member name and password are required to access the feature, you will need to provide such information to update your preferences. If you have forgotten your password, you may obtain it by visiting the sign in area and requesting that a hint or a newly assigned password be sent to you. 

**Users with an existing NBA account, and for all members located in Germany:** During the registration process, you may have been asked to indicate whether you wish to receive newsletters, selected sponsor offers, discounts and other promotions by e-mail. You will receive such e-mails as a result of the preferences indicated in the registration process or subsequent changes made to your preferences. If you wish to change your preferences, you may do so by following the instructions provided within the e-mails received. You may also visit account settings at <https://secure.nba.com/membership/user/settings> where you may enroll in, make changes to, or cancel your account. If a user name and password are required to access the feature, you will need to provide such information to update your registration preferences. If you have forgotten your password, you may obtain it by visiting the registration area and requesting that a hint or a newly assigned password be sent to you. 

In either case, you also may request to be removed from our catalog and mailing list by writing to us at 645 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10022. Attn: NBA.com Network Fan Relations. Please be sure to include your full name and mailing address so that we can properly process your request. To obtain information about having your name and home address removed from marketing mailing lists on a national basis, you may wish to contact the Direct Marketing Association at [www.the-dma.org](http://www.the-dma.org/). 

To opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads delivered on behalf of the NBA.com Network, please visit the online advertising section of this Policy.

Return to Top

8\. The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control

The NBA.com Network has generally accepted security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under its control. The servers for the NBA.com Network that contain personally identifiable information are stored in physically secure and climate controlled facilities. Beyond the physical protection of the servers, we protect against data loss by backing up data, performing consistency checks, and restricting access to information on our servers. When receiving financial information (e.g., credit card number, credit card expiration date) for completing certain online transactions, including those in connection with the NBA.com/WNBA Store, the NBA Photo Store, and NBA League Pass, the NBA.com Network uses SSL or "Secure Sockets Layer," an industry standard security protocol. Other features, like email and contact us, are not encrypted. When providing sensitive information on the Internet, you should also look at your browser to determine whether SSL technology is being employed (usually indicated by an image of a lock in the browser frame). In addition, only those employees needed to carry out our business functions will be authorized to have access to information on individual NBA.com Network customers. 

It is important to remember that whatever you transmit or disclose online can be collected and used by others or unlawfully intercepted by third parties. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your information, we cannot warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. 

Your Site account is password protected. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. At no time will any NBA.com Network employee ask for your password via e-mail. If you ever receive such an inquiry, please notify the NBA.com Network immediately at [FanRelations@NBA.com](mailto:FanRelations@NBA.com). Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your member names, passwords and/or other account information. 

Any information voluntarily disclosed by users and posted on the NBA.com Network (on message boards, web logs, and/or in chat areas) may be viewed and used by others. If users post personally identifiable information that is accessible to the public online, the user does so at his or her own risk. Users accept that they may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. 

Return to Top

9\. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information

To keep personally identifiable information that you provide via this Site accurate, current and complete, please contact us by e-mail at [FanRelations@NBA.com](mailto:FanRelations@NBA.com) or write to us at 645 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10022, Attn: NBA.com Network Fan Relations. Upon receiving your communication, we will take appropriate steps to update or correct such information in our possession, or to remove you from our catalog and mailing list. You also will have the option to correct any inaccuracies in your Site membership account or other registration by returning to the membership area and updating your profile and preferences or re-registering. If a member name and password are required to access the feature, you will need to provide such information to update your membership information. If you have forgotten your password, you may obtain it by visiting the membership area and requesting that a hint be sent to you at the e-mail address you originally provided during enrollment. 

Return to Top

10\. Choice of Law

If any disputes arise between us regarding your use of the NBA.com Network, such disputes shall be resolved according to the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its choice-of-law provisions and the federal and state courts of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims. 

Return to Top

11\. Data Stored in the United States 

The servers on which our data is stored are located within the United States. By using the NBA.com Network, you understand and agree that your information is being collected, stored and used in the United States as described in this Policy. You also understand that these activities will be conducted in accordance with the laws of the United States, which are not equivalent to those of your home country.

Return to Top

12\. Your California Privacy Rights

California Law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to [FanRelations@NBA.com](mailto:FanRelations@NBA.com) or write to us at 645 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10022. Attn: NBA.com Network Fan Relations. 

Return to Top

**NBA.COM NETWORK NOTE TO PARENTS**

It is the NBA.com Network's policy not to knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. In addition, children under the age of 13 are not authorized to use the NBA/WNBA Store without consent from a parent or legal guardian. If you make a purchase on the NBA/WNBA Store, you are representing that you are legally authorized to do so. A number of interactive features on the NBA.com Network require registration to participate (e.g., e-mail newsletters, membership). All registrants will be required to enter their full name, e-mail address and, in some instances, zip code and/or date of birth. If the NBA.com Network determines that a person is under the age of 13, based on the information provided during the enrollment process, that person will not be permitted to register for such features on the NBA.com Network. In addition, when a child under 13 years old tries to register for certain interactive features on the NBA.com Network, he or she may be directed to content which does not involve the submission of personally identifiable information. Children who indicate that they are under 13 years old will not be able to make credit card purchases or participate in interactive features on the NBA.com Network that involve the collection and retention of personally identifiable information (e.g., entering a sweepstakes) and they will not be contacted about special offers or promotions. 

The NBA.com Network works with (and may provide links to) third party sites that offer features described on the NBA.com Network. Registration for these features is pursuant to the privacy policies of the third parties operating the web sites on which registration occurs. Such third party sites may permit children under the age of 13 to register for these features on their sites in accordance with the privacy policies posted on those sites. The operators of those third party sites are responsible for ensuring that their sites comply with applicable laws, regulations, and rules. For more information, please review the privacy policies of each respective third party site.

Return to Top

**LAST UPDATED: February 24, 2015**

Copyright 2015 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved. 

Use of this Site signifies your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for [NBA.com](http://www.nba.com/), [WNBA.com](http://www.wnba.com/), and [nbadleague.com](http://www.nbadleague.com/).
