> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 24.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021215153313id_/http%3A//www.mweb.co.za/policies/privacy_policy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# :: M-Web Privacy Policy ::

|   
---  
|   
---  
| Privacy Policy   
| 1.  | Your Privacy   
|   | 

  * M-Web respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. 
  * We recognise your need for appropriate protection and management of personally identifiable information you may share with us (any information by which you can be identified, such as name, address, and telephone number). 
  * In general, you can browse sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We do track the Internet address of the domains from which people visit us and analyse this data for trends and statistics, but the individual user remains anonymous. 
  * Some of our Web pages utilise "cookies" so that we can better serve you with more tailored information when you return to our site. "Cookies" are used to enhance your interactive experience and generally improve our service to you. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. 
  * We store information you supply in personalising your use of M-Web services. 
  * We protect subscriber information from outside parties by storing it in a fully-secured database. 
  * You may update personal information at any time by using the personalise function. 
  * You acknowledge, that in the interests of improving personalisation and service efficiency, we may, under controlled and secure circumstances, share your personal information with some of M-Web's affiliate companies who provide content to this portal. 
  * In all other cases, the only information we will ever disclose to third parties (e.g.: advertisers) is aggregate information about our users. 
  * Aggregate information will never identify you. It only identifies the user population in general terms, e.g.: 52% males visit a particular site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of sites linking out of the M-Web network. 


