> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gigaset.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101217051903id_/http%3A//gigaset.com/hq/en/cms/PagePrivacyPolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy

**Gigaset Communications GmbH: data privacy** ****

Because we attach great importance to protecting the security and privacy of your personal data we conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws on data privacy protection and data security. The policy outlined in the following will help you to understand what information we may collect, how we use collected data, and who we may make such data available to. 

**Personal data** We do not collect via our Website any personal data (e.g. names, addresses, telephone numbers or e-mail addresses) unless you voluntarily choose to provide such data to us (e.g. by registration, survey), or unless you give your consent to the collection of personal data, or unless such collection is otherwise permitted by applicable laws on the protection of your personal data. 

**Purpose** Personal data which you make available to us is usually used to respond to your inquiries, to process your orders or to provide you with access to specific information or offers. In order to support our customer relations with you it may also be necessary:

  * to store and process personal data and share it with our worldwide partner companies to better understand your business needs and how we can improve our products and services; or
  * it may be necessary that we (or a third party on our behalf) use personal data to contact you about product offers in support of your business needs or to conduct online surveys to understand better our customers' needs. 



If you choose not to have your personal data used to support our customer relations (especially direct marketing or market research), we will respect your choice. We shall not sell or otherwise market your personal data to third parties. 

**Purpose limitation** Gigaset Communications GmbH will collect, process and use personal data supplied by you online only for the purposes disclosed to you, unless the collection, processing or use 

  * is a use of the personal data for any additional purpose that is directly related to the original purpose for which the personal data was collected,
  * is necessary to prepare, negotiate and perform a contract with you,
  * is required by law or the competent governmental or judicial authorities,
  * is necessary to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense,
  * is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities, such as willful attacks on information technology systems 



**Communications or utilization data** If you access our Websites by means of telecommunications services, your communications data (e.g. Internet protocol address) or utilization data (e.g. information on the beginning, end and extent of each access, and information on the telecommunications services you accessed) are automatically generated by technical means. The information generated could conceivably relate to personal data. If the collection, processing and use of your communications or utilization data are absolutely essential, such collection, processing and use will occur and be performed in accordance with the applicable data privacy protection legal framework. 

Non-personal data collected automatically 

If you access our Websites, we may automatically (i.e. not by registration) collect non-personal data (e.g. type of Internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the Website from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed). We use this data to monitor the attractiveness of our Websites and improve their performance or content. 

"Cookies" – Information stored automatically on your computer 

When you view one of our Websites, we may store some data on your computer in the form of a "cookie" to automatically recognize your PC next time you visit. Cookies can help us in many ways, for example by allowing us to tailor a Website to better match your interests or to store your password to save you having to re-enter it each time. If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your Internet browser to erase all cookies from your computer's hard drive, to block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored. 

Children 

Gigaset Communications GmbH will not knowingly collect personal data from children without insisting that they seek prior parental consent if required by applicable law. We will only use or disclose personal data about a child to the extent permitted by law, in order to seek parental consent pursuant to local law and regulations, or in order to protect a child. The definition of "child" or "children" should take into account applicable laws as well as national and regional cultural customs. 

**Security** Gigaset Communications GmbH takes technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration, and against unauthorized disclose or access. 

**Links to other Websites  
**   
Gigaset Communications GmbH Websites contain links to other websites. Gigaset Communications GmbH is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites. 

**Questions and comments  
**   
Gigaset Communications GmbH will respond to reasonable requests to review your personal data and to correct, amend or delete the same. If you have any questions or comments about the Gigaset Communications Data Privacy Protection Policy (e.g. to review and update your personal data), please click on "Contact Us" in the upper right-hand corner of this window, and select "About us", "About us - questions about the company". As the Internet matures, so will our Data Privacy Protection Policy. We will post changes to our Data Privacy Protection Policy on this page. Please check this page regularly to keep up-to-date. 

"Gigaset.net" is a superordinate term for several IP services offered to you, as a user of Gigaset telephones with IP-capable base station, free of charge by Gigaset Communications GmbH, but which you are not obliged to use.

For legal reasons, we wish to point out that the IP address is, in this context, technical data required to access the Gigaset.net service purchased with the telephone. If you use a device that enables you to use the Gigaset.net service, then the device must meet the necessary technical prerequisites and data is stored correspondingly.

 **1\. Start-up**

When the device is connected to the router, it automatically contacts the Gigaset support server to make it easier for you to configure the devices and to enable communication with the services.   
For this purpose, every device sends the following device-specific information once every day:  
-    Serial number/item number  
-    MAC address  
-    Private IP/port  
-    Device name  
-    Software version

On the support server, this information is linked to the existing device-specific information:  
-    Gigaset.net phone number

-    System-related/device-specific passwords

 **

2\. VoIP service

**

The VoIP service enables you to make calls with another Gigaset telephone that uses the same service free of charge. The service is restricted to Gigaset telephones. It is not possible to use other devices or to make calls in other networks. On delivery, a fixed internal network phone number and a password are preassigned to each device. You can also define a "nickname" of your choice for your phone number.

The following information is stored for every device as inventory data:

  * Gigaset.net phone number
  * System-related/device-specific passwords
  * Serial number/item number
  * MAC address



  
When you use the service, the following information is added. It is required technically since the VoIP service uses the SIP protocol:

  * Nickname (if assigned)
  * Typical information required for a VoIP service and which is transferred on SIP registration, for example, IP address and port under which the device can be reached, time of last registration, SIP user agent, etc.



Gigaset does not collect or store data that concerns your identity or key data that would enable a third party to determine your identity from the data specified above.

 **

3\. Information services

**

The information services enable you to use a Gigaset telephone to call up selected information, such as weather forecasts.  
The inventory data corresponds to that of the VoIP service.

When you use the service for the first time, a standard profile is created with configuration data for the device. You can then change and store the configuration data specific to your device, for example, the city for the weather forecast or the date of birth for the biorhythm. You can delete this configuration data again at any time.

The information services use the HTTP protocol.

 **

4\. Instant messaging

**

The instant messaging service enables you to send SMS messages to other Gigaset telephones.  
The inventory data corresponds to that of the VoIP service.

When you use the service, data typical of messaging, such as the user status, is stored.

The instant messaging service uses the XMPP protocol.

 **

5\. Support services for configuring the devices

**

To make configuring the devices easier, each device sends the following device-specific information once daily:

  * Internal IP address assigned to the device on your router (x-times existing address in the local network, mostly 192.168.xxx.xxx)
  * Item number
  * Product name
  * Software version



This data is used to help you with the configuration. For example, all Gigaset products in your local network are displayed at http://www.gigaset-config.com, and you can click the configuration page for a specific device. The device is also informed about new software updates automatically. You can decide whether to accept or reject them.

You can deactivate the services detailed under points 2 to 4 above at any time. 

Only the following data is saved permanently, after active use of the service:

  * Gigaset.net phone number
  * System-related/device-specific passwords
  * Serial number/item number
  * MAC address
  * Last internal IP address reported 
  * Product name
  * Software version


