> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the giganews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191201084335id_/https%3A//www.giganews.com/legal/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Giganews

The rapid growth of the internet has brought with it a whole new set of issues regarding personal privacy. Giganews fully respects your privacy rights, and our policies have reflected our commitment to your privacy since we started offering news service to the public.

What follows is the Giganews Privacy Policy with a commitment to transparency and privacy that has remained unchanged since the company's inception.

## Definitions

### Personal Data

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

### Usage Data

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of our services or from the service infrastructure itself.

### Data Controller

Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, Giganews is the Data Controller of your data.

## Member Information

Giganews requires certain Personal Data at the time of signup and in the course of providing member support. This Personal Data is associated with your account and can include information such as your name, email address, phone number, payment information and/or physical address.

This Personal Data and Usage Data is necessary for us to provide quality service and support. This information is never released to others, unless we are ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction to do so. Giganews has never sold or rented member lists or any other member information, and Giganews will never do so. Giganews will also use your Personal Data to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased unless you have opted not to receive such information.

## Usage Information

Giganews monitors our servers to the extent necessary to ensure that high standards of maintenance are met. Giganews does not monitor or record your activities online. We do not monitor which newsgroups you post to or download from or what you put in news articles that you post.

## Disclosure for Legal Requirements

Under certain circumstances, Giganews may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

## Civil Investigations

Giganews will not release a member's Personal Data or usage information to investigators, attorneys, or agencies unless we are directed to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction in the matter. If there is a hearing in court, the member will be notified so they will have an opportunity to contest the surrender of personal information.

## Criminal Investigation

Giganews cooperates fully with law enforcement agencies, yet there must still be a court order before Giganews surrenders member information. The Fourth Amendment to the US Constitution requires a court order to conduct a search and seizure. Giganews will, when requested by law enforcement entities, acknowledge the existence of personal member information, and when requested, provide the technical language to include in the court order, "particularly describing ... the property to be seized." In a criminal investigation Giganews is under a duty not to divulge the fact of the investigation to the member.

## Cookie Policy

Giganews collects Personal Data from end users only through web form submissions, primarily for the purpose of enabling the purchase of services and engaging in support and other conversation. This personally identifiable information is associated with your account and can include information such as your name, email address, phone number, payment information and/or physical address. Giganews also collects anonymous information about how visitors use our web site; for example, Giganews utilizes web analytics software to track, in aggregate, the number of unique views received by the pages of the web site, the domains from which users originate along with many other analytical data points. Through the use of web analytics software, the Giganews website may use "cookies" to assist the tracking of how users engage our website. A cookie is a piece of data that the web server stores on the browser's PC which the web browser will then send back to the web server on any future requests, to facilitate identification of the user should they visit the web site again. While much of the information that we collect from users in this manner is not personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that users voluntarily provide to us through our web site.

## Third Party Payment Processors

Giganews uses third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).

Giganews will not store your payment card details. That information is initially collected by Giganews and then is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.

## Retention of Data

Giganews will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

## Transfer of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside of the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Giganews will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your Personal Data and other personal information.

## Your Rights

Giganews aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.

If you wish to be removed from our systems, please contact us at [support@giganews.com.](mailto:support@goldenfrog.com)

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

## Children's Privacy

Giganews does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").

Giganews does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## Giganews Privacy Policy

Giganews holds your Personal Data and Usage Data in the strictest confidence and does not sell or rent that information. Giganews will not release or divulge any member information unless ordered to do so by a court of law.
