> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tirebuyer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121122141516id_/http%3A//www.tirebuyer.com/privacy-policy%3Bjsessionid%3D66C883F7028D9C3DF52D71FC7DA91C89.hash2) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TireBuyer Privacy Policy | TireBuyer.com

#### Notification

This Privacy Policy governs the information collection and disclosure practices for the Site. When you choose to submit information through the Site, we may transfer, process, store, and/or disclose the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By accessing, browsing, or using this Site, including without limitation purchasing Products via this Site, you expressly consent to our collection, transfer, use, processing, and storage of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. Any capitalized terms not defined herein have such definitions as set forth in the Terms of Use Agreement, also posted on this Site. This Privacy Policy is incorporated in the Terms of Use Agreement as if this Privacy Policy was fully set forth therein.

#### Information collection

General. In general, you can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. However, if you wish to purchase any of the Products, you will be required to disclose certain information to us. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to purchase the Products.

Registration. You are not required to have an account to purchase Products on the Site. However, if desired, you can create a secure user account with a unique user name and password combination.

If you choose to create a user account, you must provide current, complete, and accurate information to us in connection with your account and/or purchase of Products in order to receive Products from the Site. It is your responsibility to keep the information that you provide to us up to date and we cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate, truthful, or complete information, or if you fail to update the information you give us. During the account set-up process, you are required to give certain contact information, including your name, email address, and in some cases your approximate age. We use this information to contact you about the products and services on the Site in which you have expressed interest, and, in the case of your approximate age, to determine whether you are old enough to use the Site. You may have the option to provide additional demographic information (such as vehicle information, income level, location, and gender) to us; we encourage you to submit this information so we can provide you a more personalized experience on the Site. Whenever possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional.

Orders. If you purchase Products from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name, email, and address) and, where applicable, financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date, and validation number). We use this information for billing purposes and to fulfill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we may use this information to contact you.

Surveys or contests. From time to time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on the Site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and email address) and demographic information (such as zip code). We use this information to notify contest winners and to award prizes. We may use a third-party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests.

Automatic information. As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the Site, to track users' movements around the Site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically collected data to personally identifiable information.

Cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on the Site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on the Site, unless you have elected to have the Site "remember" you, in which case the cookie will be linked to your user name. We may use session ID cookies. We use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the Site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Site, but your ability to use some areas of the Site, such as contests or surveys, will be limited. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by the Site only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or third parties. See the sections on "Third-party advertisers" below. We may also use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to the Site in the aggregate. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties.

Clear GIFs (web beacons/web bugs). We may employ or our third-party advertising partners may employ a software technology called clear GIFs (aka web beacons/web bugs) that help us better manage the Content by informing us what Content is effective. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, that are used to track the online movements of web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages or in HTML-based emails and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear GIFs to our customers' personally identifiable information. We may use clear GIFs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. Correspondence. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.

Third-party advertisers. Ads appearing on the Site may be delivered to users by a third-party advertising partner. We may share Site usage information about users with our advertising partners for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on the Site. Such information will not be linked to personally identifiable information. Our advertising partners may use cookies and/or clear GIFs, which allow them to recognize a user when a user visits the Site. Information from third parties. In order to provide certain services to you, we may on occasion supplement the personal information you submitted to us with information from third-party sources.

#### Use of information

Generally. We use your personal information to fulfill orders and to facilitate the Products you purchase or request from us. We use your personal information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site to: resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; collect fees owed; measure consumer interest in our products and services; inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud, and other criminal activity; enforce this Privacy Policy; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. We may compare and review your personal information for errors, omissions, and for accuracy.

Special offers and updates. We may occasionally send you information on special deals or promotions. Out of respect for your privacy, you have the option not to receive these types of communications. Please see the "Choice and opt-out" section of this Privacy Policy.

Newsletters. If you wish to subscribe to our newsletters, we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, you have the option to unsubscribe from receiving some or all of the newsletters. Please see the "Choice and opt-out" section of this Privacy Policy.

Service-related announcements. We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.

Customer service. Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcome email to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account.

Profile. We store information that we collect through your stated preferences, cookies, log files, clear GIFs, and/or third party sources to create a "profile" of your preferences. We tie your personally identifiable information, and your activity history, to information in the profile, in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers and to improve the Content of the Site for you. We do not share your profile with other third parties, other than in aggregate, de-identified form.

#### Security

The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, both during transmission and once we receive it.

#### Disclosure of information

Generally. As a matter of policy, we do not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without first providing you with an opportunity to opt out. However, we may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries, which are either subject to this Privacy Policy or follow practices at least as protective of your rights as those described in this Privacy Policy. The following sections describe some additional ways that we may disclose your personal information in the normal course of providing our services.

Suppliers, developers & partners. Where you purchase Products from the Site, we may disclose your name, email address, and other information related to your purchase to suppliers or third-party installers of that Product. This disclosure typically is to enable the supplier or installer to provide support to you, and in certain cases to allow you to benefit from certain levels of support that are only available to registered users. We have no control over what these third parties do with the information that we disclose to them.

Agents and service providers. We may use third parties to provide, on our behalf, some portions of the Content available on the Site. For instance, we use credit card processing companies to bill you for Product, and we may use third-party service providers to provide certain fulfillment services for some of our Products. We use our best efforts, to the extent commercially reasonable, to ensure that these companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information that we disclose to them for such purposes for any other purposes.

Your use of the site. If you participate in a bulletin board or other public forum offered by the Site, your User ID will be displayed on any content that you post and will be available to the public. Therefore, if you associate your name with your User ID, your name will be available to the public. Any other information about yourself that you include in such posts will be publicly available.

Legal requests. We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us or the Site.

Business transition. In the event we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred.

Disclaimer. We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Site.

#### Choice / opt-out

We provide you the opportunity to "opt-out" of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. You may also update your preferences at any time by accessing our member information area. You will be notified before your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party.

#### Links to other sites

This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by the Site. The Site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the terms of use or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave our site and to read the terms of use and privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.

#### Access to personal information

If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire some or all of our services, you may correct, update, delete, or deactivate your personally identifiable information by making the change on our account information page or by emailing TireBuyer Customer Service from the Contact Us page.

#### Privacy questions 

If youhave questions or concerns about our policies concerning privacy, data collection, data processing, or data transmission, please email TireBuyer Customer Service from the Contact us page. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days.
