> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ubm.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120623184212id_/http%3A//www.ubm.com/site-services/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# UBM - Privacy policy

Skip to main content

## Use of information

The pages on the website (“the website”) are published by Investis Limited (“us” or “we”) on behalf of UBM plc. 

Investis Limited (“us” or “we”) will not collect any information about individuals, except where it is specifically and knowingly provided by them. Examples of such information are: 

  * Your name 
  * Your mobile telephone number 
  * Your email address 
  * Your occupation



The information collected will be used to send you the information you have requested and to provide information that may be useful to you.

We may share non-personal aggregate statistics (group) data about our site visitors’ traffic patterns with partners or other parties. However, we do not sell or share any information about individual users. 

## ‘Cookies’

We use cookies on this site when users first enter the site. This ensures that on subsequent visits, if the cookie has not been deleted, users will not be asked to re-register. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on your computer by the server maintaining and operating the site. They do not compromise your privacy or security as they store a randomly generated identifying tag on your computer.

The cookie information does not include personal data such as name, age, phone number, email address or mailing address. In addition, we do not link cookies to personal data such as name, age, phone number, email address or mailing address. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to stop cookies being placed on your terminal equipment – please refer to your specific Internet browser for instructions.

## Google analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browse. However, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

## Your rights

In addition to the company’s safeguards, your personal data is protected in the UK by the Data Protection Act. This provides amongst other things that the data we hold about you should be processed lawfully and fairly. It should be accurate, relevant and not excessive. The information should be kept up to date, where necessary, and not retained for longer than is necessary. It should be kept securely to prevent unauthorised access by other people. You have the right to see what is held about you and correct any inaccuracies online. You can do this by using the “login” link at the beginning of the Alerting Service page. 

## Policy changes

Any changes to this policy will be posted here. 

## Security

Investis Limited treats all the data held with the utmost care and security. Any details you give will remain completely confidential. 
