> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bornprettystore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629040932id_/http%3A//www.bornprettystore.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Born Pretty Store - Quality Nail Art, Beauty & Lifestyle Products, Retail, Wholesale & OEM

Born Pretty Store is committed to protecting your privacy. We have established this Privacy Policy and are providing it to you so that you can understand the manner in which we collect and use your information and the efforts we use to protect it. Please note that this policy is for Born Pretty Store website only and does not apply to other 3rd party web sites linked to from our web site. Please check the privacy policies on those web sites for more information.

**Confidentiality and Security** \- Born Pretty Store takes reasonable steps to ensure that your information is protected. Our website is hosted in a data center which makes use of multiple levels of redundant firewalls and database encryption to protect information. Internally, we limit access to your information to those employees or agents who we believe have reasonable need to use the information to provide products or services to you, or to perform their jobs. 

**Personal Information Collected** \- Born Pretty Store recognizes the need for consumers to control the use and management of personal information. By personal information we mean information that can be used to identify or contact an individual. This may include, but is not limited to, a first and last name, a physical address, an email address, or a phone number. If you are visiting our site to browse or find information about Born Pretty Store's products or services, you do not need to provide any personal information. If you decide to make a purchase, however, we may collect this information so that we can provide you with the product or service you requested.

**Automatic Information Collected** \- Our website makes use of various technologies to collect information about types and versions of internet browsers used when accessing our web site. This information, and information about internet IP addresses, as well as date and time web pages are visited are stored in various security and traffic logs. Our service provider reviews these logs, using statistical analysis, in an effort to track and predict traffic patterns and estimate resource needs. Unless we are tracking down a technical problem or we suspect either fraudulent behavior or illegal conduct we do not trace specific user sessions.

**Personal Information Use** \- Born Pretty Store uses personal information provided by you so that we can service your account. Also note that we may need to transfer that information to our agents or employees of our service providers. We will not sell or trade your information to unrelated third parties. When you submit an order you will receive an email confirmation from our system. As your order status changes you may also receive notifications via email. These notifications are considered part of our service and may not be disabled. We may also periodically send you email notifications concerning products or services. Any such notification will include instructions for opting out of future mailings. 

**Information Control** \- Your customer profile is accessible from our website and you may update it at anytime. Our web site provides you with the ability to change your phone numbers, physical addresses, and email address information stored in your profile. You may also write to us to request that we make the change for you. 

**Compliance** \- This privacy policy complies ecommerce industry best practice guidelines. If you have any questions or concerns about this policy please feel free to contact us. 

Copyright (c) 2006 Born Pretty Store. All rights reserved. 
