> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jivesoftware.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170203205629id_/https%3A//www.jivesoftware.com/legal/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Jive Software

  * Privacy Policy [PDF](https://web.archive.org/legal-documents/privacy-policy/) (English)
  * Politique de confidentialité [PDF](https://web.archive.org/legal-documents/politique-de-confidentialite-privacy-policy/) (en Français)
  * Datenschutzrichtlinie [PDF](https://web.archive.org/legal-documents/datenschutzrichtlinie-privacy-policy/) (auf Deutsch)



_Last updated 28 September, 2016_

* * *

Jive Software, Inc. and its affiliated companies and subsidiaries (collectively referred to here as “we,” “our,” or “Jive”) created this Privacy Policy to inform our websites’ users (including users of features and functionality on our websites), event registrants/participants, newsletter/information recipients, promotion participants, online community participants those who inquire about our products and services, and others (collectively referred to as “Users”) about our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of information, including personally identifiable information (“personal data”), that we collect from them through our website at [www.jivesoftware.com]() and our service (collectively, our “Sites”). The use of information collected through our service shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which a User or customer (the “Corporate Client”) has engaged Jive. While Jive’s websites or other materials may include links or references to non-Jive websites, materials, or entities, this Privacy Policy does not apply to those non-Jive sites, materials, or entities unless otherwise indicated.

You should read this entire Privacy Policy before using any Jive website or submitting information, including personal data, to Jive. Whenever you submit information via the Jive website, online community or otherwise to Jive, whether online or offline, you expressly consent to the collection, use, processing and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

[](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/validation?rid=2120d2f7-a288-49bc-ac8b-463075edab15 "TRUSTe Privacy Certification")

#### Compliance with Regulatory Authorities

Jive and Jive Software, Ltd. participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Jive is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s [Privacy Shield List](https://www.privacyshield.gov/list).

Jive is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Jive complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.

With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Jive is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). In certain situations, Jive may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the [Privacy Shield website](https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint), you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.

Additionally, Jive Software, Inc. complies with the U.S. – Swiss Safe Harbor frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data from Switzerland. Jive Software, Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Swiss Safe Harbor program, and to view Jive Software, Inc. certification, please visit https://safeharbor.export.gov/swisslist.aspx

#### Compliance with Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”)

Our Sites are not directed to children and we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from individuals under 13 years of age through our sites.

#### Information Collection on the Jive Sites

Jive may collect information, including personal data, from Users both online and offline. In many cases, such information will be collected directly from you, such as through a transaction or inquiry, or your submission of a form, registration, or communication to us through the Jive Sites. Information may also be gathered from third-party sources (including without limitation, opt-in lists, publicly available data, consumer reporting agencies, other companies, and referrals) and through your activities and interactions with Jive. We may combine data collected from these disparate sources unless we tell you otherwise.

The types of personal data typically collected by Jive may include the following (but this list is not exhaustive as these activities can vary from time to time depending on your activities):

  * Contact information, including name, title, street address (home, work), postal code, country, telephone numbers (home, work, cell, etc.), email address (home, work), company name, and other similar information. If you choose to use our referral service to invite a friend to the Jive Community, we will ask you for your friend’s email address in order to automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. Jive stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at any time at [privacy@jivesoftware.com](mailto:privacy@jivesoftware.com) to request that we remove this information from our database.
  * Personal/demographic information, including gender, occupation, level of education and the like.
  * Authentication information, including user IDs, log-in names, passwords, password reminders, etc. (in addition to other personal data such as contact information and the like).
  * Transactional information, including products or services you inquire about or request.
  * User content, including information provided when you use one of our online communities, forums or other online means of communications, and all other user submissions and content you provide.



As you use our Sites, some information can be “passively” collected using various technologies by us and our partners, such as cookies, web beacons, and navigational data collection (clickstream, log files, server logs, etc.) or similar technologies or other automated information collection means. Cookies are pieces of information, which may include referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks, about your use of the website that is stored on your browser or hard drive. Cookies save you time because you do not need to manually re-enter the information stored on your hard drive. Your Internet browser automatically transmits some of this information, such as the URL of the website you just visited and the Internet Protocol (IP) address and browser version currently being used by your computer. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our website.

Our Sites also may include certain social media features, such as the Facebook and Twitter buttons and widgets, such as the share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site (collectively referred to as “Features”). These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Features may be hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

#### Information Related to Data Collected Through the Jive Platform

Jive has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. Jive may collect certain information through the Jive Platform under the direction of its Corporate Clients and all obligations with respect to personal data for which Jive is a data processor is solely governed by and subject to the applicable end user license terms executed between the Corporate Client and Jive and are not included in this Privacy Policy. Jive work with its Corporate Clients to help them provide notice to their customers concerning the purpose for which personal information is collected.

An individual who seeks access or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should log into their corporate account and make the appropriate changes or deletions, or direct their query to their corporate administrator (“Corporate Administrator” or the “Data Controller”). If the Corporate Client requests that Jive remove the data, we will respond to their request within 30 business days.

In the event that Jive operates as a data processor on behalf of our Corporate Clients, Jive may collect information about others from Corporate Clients such as the name, address and email address of individuals to be added to the Jive Service. Jive will use this information to allow Corporate Clients to email new users of the Service a notification of account activation and/or administer your corporate service account.

We will retain and use personal data we process on behalf of our Corporate Clients for as long as needed to provide services to our Corporate Clients and/or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

If you are a customer/employee of one of our corporate clients and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Corporate Clients that use our service, please contact the Corporate Administrator that you interact with directly. We may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Corporate Clients.

#### How We Use Your Information

As is the case with many websites, Jive and its partners may use cookies and similar technologies to keep track of your interactions with our websites and services, and provide you with a more customized experience. Cookies also help us upgrade the website by showing when and how Users use the website. You can set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent or refuse cookies altogether, but certain features of Jive websites might not work without cookies. The use of cookies by our service providers are not covered by our privacy statement as we do not have access or control over these cookies.

Jive websites and services may also use IP addresses for the same purposes identified above, as well as to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use and to confirm that a particular individual affirmed his/her consent to specific legal terms (e.g. our clickwrap end user license agreement). We may use web beacons (also known as Internet tags or clear GIFs) on our websites and services to access and set cookies and otherwise help us to better understand how users are utilizing our websites. Information provided by the web beacon includes the computer’s IP address, the type of browser being used, and the time that the web beacon was viewed. We may also use web beacons in emails and newsletters so that we know when such communications have been opened and to otherwise help us tailor our communications to individual users.

We may use local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences relating to video content we provide on the Jive Software Web site. Third Parties, with whom we partner to provide this feature, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click [here](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118).

Jive may also monitor the performance of our services and our websites in order to manage, maintain, and improve our services and websites. We (or our third party providers) may use tools to help prevent and block “spam” communications, viruses, spyware, and other harmful or unwanted communications and programs on the website. These tools may automatically scan any content you upload through the websites (or using functionality available via the websites) in order to help us protect you and the website against these harmful or unwanted communications and programs. However, these tools do not collect or disclose personally identifiable information about you.

Additionally, information may be collected on an individual’s web browsing behavior such as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made for the purposes of re-targeted advertising and this information may then be used to display ads. The information collected is only linked to an anonymous cookie ID (alphanumeric number); it does not include any information that could be linked back to a particular person, such as their name, address or credit card number. The information used for targeted advertising either comes from Jive or through third party website publishers. If you would like to opt out of re-targeted advertising from Jive that occurs when visiting our third party advertising publishers, please click [here](http://preferences.truste.com/truste/) (or if located in the European Union click [here](https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/)). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising and you will continue to receive generic ads.

Jive uses personal data about Users to make our website, products and services more useful to you. This may include:

  * Responding to your requests (including requests for newsletter subscriptions, materials, support, and so on) and following up with you after you have communicated with us or submitted information to us. We provide a number of ways for you to request materials from us, such as newsletters, blog/rss feeds, brochures, product literature, and the like. Jive may collect and use personal information such as contact name, title, contact information, demographic information, title and/or company name, and other information relevant to responding to your request, conducting transactions with you, processing your order and so on;
  * Responding to your questions, comment, or concerns. Depending on the circumstances and method of contact via the “Contact Us” section, online community or postal mail, we may collect your name, title, contact information, message type, case number (if tied to a previous issue), comments, and other types of data relevant to the specific situation (e.g., product involved, use of the product, any problems with the product, and the like);
  * Providing products or services that you have ordered;
  * Processing your order transactions and contacting you regarding your order;
  * Inviting you participate in a range of online and offline events and/or activities;
  * Allowing you to post information and other content online (including in response to other postings) or to otherwise contact another person;
  * Marketing/research purposes and sending promotional communications or offers (unless you have indicated otherwise or opted out of such communications). We may use your contact information to tell you about other products and services that we believe might be of interest;
  * Providing internal and/or external training, quality assurance, and other purposes (including without limitation, call center recordings);
  * Administration of legal and contractual issues;
  * Registration (memberships, accounts (i.e., log-ins and passwords, etc.)) and participation in online communities or provision of user-generated content. Users may be given an opportunity to register for a variety of reasons, including to receive promotional communications/offers; to join/participate in an online community, blog, or other interactive areas or to otherwise provide user-generated content (such as posting favorite photos/videos/audio recordings, providing testimonials, sharing experiences about Jive products, etc.); to attend an event (e.g., a conference); and so on. Such activities may entail collection of name, title, contact information, birth date, user name and password, email address, experiences with Jive products, and personal information/preferences related to the subject matter of the particular activity. In some cases, you will select a user ID and password when you register, and you will use this to gain access to certain registration-restricted areas. Note that using a Jive website as a registered user enables information that is passively collected as you navigate the website to be associated with personal data actively collected from you on the website. Jive may use and/or disclose any personal data captured in an online community.



#### Disclosure of Your Information

Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, Jive does not sell, trade or share your personal information with third parties. We may disclose personal data you provide to our affiliates and partners and to consultants, service providers, and contractors that we use to support our business and operations (e.g., delivery services, financial institutions, fulfillment services, technical support, advertising, public relations, media and marketing services, legal services, call-in centers, e-commerce and other web-related services such as web hosting and web monitoring services, and event-related services such as online and offline data capture services) who have agreed to keep the information confidential and use it only to provide the applicable service(s). In some cases, we work with other companies who help to gather information from you or help us to communicate with you.

We may post customer testimonials/comments/reviews (the “Testimonial”) on our website or online community which may contain personally identifiable information. However, we will obtain the customer’s consent via email prior to posting the Testimonial and/or their name along with their testimonial and any Testimonial may be removed upon request by contacting Jive or your Community Administrator.

We may also disclose personal data to third parties (including without limitation, governmental agencies) if required to do so by law, regulation, or court order; to respond to governmental and/or law enforcement requests; to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with our (or others’) rights or property; to support any claim, defense, or declaration in a case or before any jurisdictional and/or administrative authority, arbitration, or mediation panel; or in connection with disciplinary actions/investigations.

Likewise, we may disclose personal data to third parties in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of Jive, its business or the website to which such data applies. In the event that Jive goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company or sale of a portion of its assets, our Users’ personal information may be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via prominent notice on our website prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If, as a result of the business transaction, your personally identifiable information will be used in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, you will be notified in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy. The recipients of Users’ personal data, and more generally these disclosures, may be located in the United States or other jurisdictions that might not provide a level of protection equivalent to the laws in your jurisdiction. By submitting personal data to Jive, you consent to the transfer of such personal data outside your jurisdiction. We may make full use of all information that is de-identified or otherwise not in personally identifiable form, including without limitation, user-generated content. We will not, however, make use of any content you upload to a virtual online community that you or your organization has created through the use of our fee-based licensed products and services.

Finally, you are responsible for any information you share or postings you make in any online community. Any user-generated content will be subject to the applicable Jive Software Website [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/legal-documents/website-terms-of-use/) found at [www.jivesoftware.com/legal/](https://web.archive.org/egal/) and we reserve the right to not post or make available and/or remove any data submitted to us. You should review such terms carefully prior to submitting or posting any information and carefully consider whether you wish to submit personal data, or any data, in this manner. The profile you create in our online community, including your chosen username and profile image, will be publically accessible unless otherwise indicated and anything you make available as a participant in an online community or submit for posting by Jive may be made available for others to see. You may change the privacy settings of your profile at any time through your account portal. To request removal of your personal data from our blog or community forum, contact us at [community.admin@jivesoftware.com](mailto:community.admin@jivesoftware.com). In the event that we may not be able to remove your personal information, we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

#### Security

Jive takes appropriate steps to protect personal data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, whether in transmission or storage. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Please keep in mind, however, that there is no such thing as perfect security, and no internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. Moreover, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any user name and password you use. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us via the contact information below.

#### Choice

Jive offers you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal data. After you have registered for an account on any of our Sites, you may adjust your privacy settings at any time by logging into your account and making the appropriate changes.

We want to keep in touch with you in ways that you find to be beneficial. By submitting personal contact information, you are agreeing that we may communicate with you via email, telephone, direct mail, and/or other means of communication. If you don’t want us to use your contact information for promotional purposes (such as to tell you about other products and services that might be of interest), please tell us that when you provide your contact information. You can also let us know your preference later by contacting us as specified in the “Contact Us” section below or by following the unsubscribe instructions in various communications that we may send you. Keep in mind that these notification preferences regarding promotional contacts do not mean that we might not contact you for other reasons, such as those related to an order you placed, an inquiry you made, a newsletter to which you may have subscribed (unless you have unsubscribed), a membership you undertook, an event for which you registered, a legally required notice, and so on.

#### Your California Privacy Rights

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers who are California residents to request that Jive not share their personal data with third parties for such parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, send an e-mail with “California Privacy” in the subject line to [privacy@jivesoftware.com](mailto:privacy@jivesoftware.com) or write to us: Attention: Consumer Relations — CA Privacy Issues Attn: Jive Software – General Counsel 915 SW Stark Street, Suite 200 Portland, OR 97205.

#### Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information

Upon request Jive will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. To request this information please contact us at [concierge@jivesoftware.com](mailto:concierge@jivesoftware.com).

To keep personal data provided by you accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified in the “Contact Us” section or by making the change within your Jive community profile page after login into your account. We can then take appropriate steps to update or correct such information in our possession or to delete your information from our contact list. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to deactivate your Jive online community profile or an unauthorized corporate profile, you may contact your Community Administrator or email us at [community.admin@jivesoftware.com](mailto:community.admin@jivesoftware.com). If you wish to deactivate your corporate profile or an unauthorized profile from the Jive service, you must directly contact your Corporate Administrator that you interact with directly. When we delete account information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. We will otherwise retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

#### Contact Us

If you have questions or concerns related to this Privacy Policy or Jive’s information practices, would like to update or correct information you have provided, or would like to opt out of future communications, please contact our Data Protection Officer by postal mail at Jive 915 SW Stark Street, Suite 200 Portland, OR 97205 or by email to [concierge@jivesoftware.com](mailto:concierge@jivesoftware.com).

#### Changes to This Privacy Policy

Jive reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If this Privacy Policy changes, the revised policy will include a new effective date and will be posted on this page. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of updating this Site. Be sure to check the Privacy Policy for the effective date as set forth above (the “Effective Date”) and updated content whenever you submit personal data. Your continued use of the Jive website(s) or services following the posting of any amendment will constitute your acceptance of that amendment.
