> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jivochat.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150320040234id_/https%3A//www.jivochat.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This privacy policy describes the privacy practices for the Web site(s) operated by JivoSite, Inc. (“JivoSite”) (hereinafter “Web site” if singular, or, “Web sites” if more than one website is referred to).

### INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE.

We gather two types of information: (1) personally identifiable information that you supply voluntarily when you register for interactive services, order other products or services, or enter certain other areas of our Web sites as noted below in this Privacy Policy and (2) aggregate tracking and site usage information that we gather automatically as you access our Web sites. Your provision to us of any information through our Web sites, or through other sites that link to our Web sites, is deemed your agreement to this Privacy Policy. It is our policy to use the personally identifiable information we acquire at our Web sites for internal business uses only and to provide content, products and services to you that you value and request. We do not authorize the use of your personal information by any third party (other than JIVOSITE business services providers discussed in the next section, or, under exceptional conditions as described under “Legal Matters” below). We operate and maintain a variety of online security measures to safeguard and keep your information private.

### Personally Identifiable Information You Provide to Us.

Anyone can access our Web sites, but there are certain areas and services that require registration or provision of certain personal information if accessed, such as by way of example: signing up for free use of JivoChat, entering premium content areas, accessing a partner cabinet, placing advertisements online and making other online purchases, signing up for e-mail newsletters, promotions, contests, sweepstakes or special offers, or participating in reader forums, message boards, chats and reader surveys. If you choose to make a purchase or use such areas, we will ask for certain personally identifiable information, which may include name, mailing address, valid e-mail address and other personal information. Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us at registration, we may send you a welcoming e-mail to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, regarding any information or services you request, and to manage your "account". We will communicate with you by e-mail or other method as directed by you. If you decline to supply or maintain with us certain information while using our Web sites or services, understand that you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Web sites.

We strive to keep all personal information (such as your name or e-mail address) that you voluntarily provide us private. We do not authorize your personal information to be shared with third parties without your consent. Certain information supplied by you to our Web sites may be password-protected, and you should take all necessary measures to protect the secrecy of your password. If you use a computer in a public place or share a computer with others, remember to log out/sign out and close your browser window when you finish accessing our Web site in order to prevent others from accessing your personal information. You are solely responsible for the control and use of each password you create.

Personal information which you provide on user forums or bulletin boards or in other areas that are accessible to other users could also be collected and disclosed by other users. We cannot and do not take any responsibility for such collection or disclosure.

From time to time, we may obtain e-mail addresses from third party commercial sources to be used for promotional purposes. You may opt out of receiving any messages from us in the future by either clicking the appropriate box, radio button or link in the e-mail message received, or by contacting us as instructed at the end of this Privacy Policy.

### Aggregate Information that is Automatically Collected.

We also collect and store information that is generated automatically as you navigate through our Web sites. For example, to enhance your experience on our Web sites, we use a standard feature found in browser software called a "cookie." Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. By showing how and when visitors use the Web site, cookies help us track user trends and patterns. They also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Web site where you have entered preference information before. JIVOSITE also may use pixel tags (single-pixel image files also known as transparent GIFs, clear GIFs or web beacons) to access cookies and to count users who visit the Web site or open our HTML-formatted e-mail messages. The information that is collected through the use of these image files is not personally identifiable and is used only to track responses to our advertising and promotional efforts. Another example of information that we automatically collect as you navigate our Web sites is information in “log files” about your computer's connection to the Internet such as a user's IP address (the number assigned automatically to your computer whenever you use the Internet), length of time spent on the Web sites, and the pages accessed during each visit to the Web sites. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement on the Web sites, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information except if necessary to provide certain premium content or services for which you have registered. In general, aggregate information allows us to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the Web sites.

In addition, third party advertisers or third party ad servers that place and present advertising on the Web site also may collect information from you via cookies, pixel tags or similar technologies. These third party advertisers and ad servers may use the information they collect to help present their advertisements, to help measure and research the advertisements' effectiveness, or for other uses. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage users to be aware that when they leave our Web sites for another site, even if through a link, they should read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. The provision of external links to other Web sites is a common practice on the Internet and it in no way indicates that we have any responsibility or control over the linked company, its products, services, or Web site.

### Other Aggregate Information.

If we gather demographic information from you (for example, your age, education level or household income), we will not share that information in a manner that identifies you as an individual with any other third party. Any information that might be shared with third parties will be aggregate information only (“aggregate” meaning demographic information speaking only to the broad characteristics of a group), unless we are required to release additional information under conditions described in next section “Legal Matters”.

### Legal Matters.

Notwithstanding any other term or conclusion of any third party Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to comply with the law and release information concerning any user of our sites or services when we have grounds to believe that: (i) the user is in violation of our Terms of Use or other published guidelines or is engaged in any illegal activity, (ii) to release information in response to court and governmental orders, other enforceable requests from government entities, civil subpoenas, discovery requests and otherwise as required by law; and (iii) we believe in good faith that such release is required to protect the rights, property, safety or security of JIVOSITE, any of our users or the public, or (iv) to respond to an emergency.

In the event of a change of control of JIVOSITE (such as through a merger, sale, assignment or liquidation of the business entity, or any of its properties, assets or equity) or, in the event of a direct or indirect sale of any of its publishing properties and/or its Web sites, personal information of users of the affected Web sites in our possession will be transferred to the new owner/successor. We are not obligated to notify Web site users of any such transaction. You may always change or delete your information or opt out by contacting us as provided below, or if the acquirer posts a new Privacy Policy with new contact information, you may change or delete your information or opt out by following any new instructions that are posted.

### HOW DO I OPT OUT OR CHANGE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?

To opt out of further e-mail communications from us, just click on the opt-out controls in the e-mail, or contact us as instructed at the end of this Privacy Policy. We may need up to 30 days to assure compliance with your request. 

To change your personal information that you have provided us, please contact us as instructed at the end of this Privacy Policy.

### CHILDREN'S ON-LINE PRIVACY INFORMATION.

These Web sites are not intended for use by children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect information from children and minors. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide information on our Web sites without their permission.

Involvement of parents: In accordance with the provisions of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, in the event that we do collect any personal information or data from children as a byproduct of Web site operation, it should be noted here that we publish content relating to collectibles and other areas of interest that may naturally appeal to a given child. However, if information is subsequently found to belong to a child under the age of 13, we will notify parents first, and will seek parental or guardian determination as to the use or deletion of such personal information. A parent also has the option to contact us and have deleted any of their child's personal information that they find is in our possession. This can be done by contacting us as noted at the end of this Privacy Policy.

### OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY.

We have put in place security hardware, software and software update and network scanning procedures designed to safeguard and secure the information under our control and follow generally accepted industry standards. We work with third party service providers and vendors that use encryption and authentication to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information. If stored, we house personal information on systems behind firewalls that are only accessible to limited personnel. Any employee with access to personally-identifying information is required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and may not use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for JIVOSITE. These individuals may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. Although we will exercise high levels of care in providing secure transmission of information between your computer and our servers and in storing that information on our systems, no method of transmission over the Internet, or of electronic storage, is 100% secure. As such, we cannot ensure or otherwise guarantee the security of information transmitted to us over the Internet.

### CHANGES OR UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.

We may modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. We will post any changes to the privacy policy on the Web sites, but we have no other obligation to notify you of such changes. We indicate the date of the current version of this privacy policy below, so you know when it was last updated. Any changes will affect all of the information we have previously collected from you, as well as the information we collect after such changes, and may include without limitation additional uses or disclosures of your information. If any of the changes represent a material change that expands our use of personal information, the changes will be posted in advance of taking effect. We may post a prompt on the home page of our site for users to review the new privacy policy but are not required to do so. If you object to the changes, please contact us as provided below and we will remove your information that we previously collected. However, your subsequent provision of information to us through any of our Web sites is deemed your agreement to use of that information in accordance with the then-current privacy policy.

### CONTACT US.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or you wish to make changes to your personal information or remove yourself from our database, please contact us in one of the following ways:  
E-mail us at: info@jivochat.com and insert only the words “Re: Privacy Policy” in the subject line header of the e-mail, or write to us at: JivoSite, Inc., attention: Webmaster, 525 W. Remington Drive, Suite 106, Sunnyvale, CA 94087.

Version: October 17, 2014
