> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20011201012431id_/http%3A//www.hp.com/Redirect/gw/useng_welcome/privacy/%3D/country/us/eng/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hewlett-Packard Privacy Policy

HP and its subsidiaries are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. We've structured our web sites so that, in general, you can visit HP on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. HP is a founding sponsor of the BBBOnLine Privacy Program, the 'gold standard' for Privacy certification. We proudly display the BBBOnLine Privacy Seal. HP privacy practices are self certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce Safe Harbor program.

Once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with HP. On the ecardfile.com business card e-service, personal information you provide is considered publicly available over the Internet, unless you choose otherwise in your ecardfile.com member profile. This statement is not applicable to [ www.myapollo.com](http://www.myapollo.com/) and [ www.dazel.com](http://www.dazel.com/), which maintain their own Privacy Statements. 

This statement regarding the privacy of the personally identifiable information you provide online covers the five foundation principles of fair information: Awareness, Choice, Accuracy & Access, Security, and Oversight. 

**Awareness**

HP provides this Online Privacy Statement to make you aware of our privacy policy, practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and from the bottom of every HP.com, its subsidiaries' and affiliates' web pages. Some HP web sites are P3P-enabled. 

**What we collect**

On some HP web sites, you can order products or services, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are name, contact and billing information, transaction, and credit card information. On the ecardfile.com e-service, you supply the personal and business contact information you choose. 

In order to tailor our subsequent communications to you and continuously improve our products and services (including registration), we may also ask you to provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products, and more detailed contact preferences. Some electronic newsletters record anonymous data about articles you have expressed interest in. 

Some HP.com web pages use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies for data analysis. To learn more, click here. [How HP uses cookies and beacons.](https://web.archive.org/web/20011203183334id_/http://www.hp.com/country/us/eng/privacy.htm#cookies)

**How we use it**

HP uses your information to better understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, to communicate back to you, to update you on service and benefits, and to personalize our web sites for you. Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing, fraud protection, and are not retained for other purposes. 

From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research or to provide you with marketing information we think would be of particular interest. At a minimum, we will always give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving such direct marketing or market research contact. We will also follow local requirements, such as allowing you to opt in before receiving unsolicited contact, where applicable. On the ecardfile.com e-service, information you supply and designate as public is available to any viewer who looks up your card. You can choose to keep most or all of your ecardfile.com information private. ecardfile.com is not a customer registration service. 

**Who we share it with**

HP will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to others. Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share the personal data you provide online with other HP entities and/or business partners who are acting on our behalf for the uses described in "how we use it". Such HP entities and/or suppliers, including those in the United States and/or any other countries, are governed by our privacy policies with respect to the use of this data and are bound by the appropriate confidentiality and data protection agreements. 

Data collected online may also be combined with information you provide when you register your ownership of HP products.

**Children's Privacy Protection** HP takes special care to protect the privacy needs of children under the age of 13 and encourages parents to be an active participant in their child's online activities and interests. We abide by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) requirements. The vast majority of HP web sites do not target and are not intended for children under the age of 13. HP web sites that do not target children will not knowingly collect data from them. If we discover personal data from a child through an adult oriented site, we will eliminate that data. A very few web sites in HP's "Home & Home Office" web section may include children under the age of 13 as part of a broader family audience target. Those specific web pages are clearly identified and provide an explicit privacy notice and processes to obtain parental approval, provide data access and data removal process for parents. HP conducts the Annual HP Young Writers' Contest from January to early April each year. This contest targets children under the age of 13, grades K-5. Personal data is not collected online. Data collected from children is done so through a printed contest entry form that is mailed or faxed to HP care of the contest administrator SMP Scholastic. Parental approval is required on the contest entry form. No personal data is shared with the contest administrator. Parents wishing to access, review or delete their child's contest entry data should send a request to "Annual HP Young Writers' Contest, SMP c/o Scholastic Inc., 555 Broadway, New York, NY 10012.

**Choice**

HP will not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without first letting you know and offering you a choice. As previously stated, we will also provide you the opportunity to let us know if you do not wish to receive unsolicited direct marketing materials from us and we will do everything we can to honor such requests. Local country laws and policies are applied where they differ from those in the U.S. 

HP will not share your personal information with a business partner or unrelated third party company without your permission. For example, as part of HP's commitment to offering you choice, we enable you to make online purchases directly from us or through our resellers. When you choose our resellers, we inform you that your registration and shopping basket data is being transferred to the reseller you selected. This notice is important because when you choose to make online purchases through our resellers, use of your registration and shopping basket data by the reseller is then governed by their privacy policy. Local country laws and policies are applied where they differ from those in the U.S. 

**Accuracy & Access **

HP strives to keep your personally identifiable information accurate. We will provide you with access to your information, including making every effort to provide you with online access to your registration data so that you may view, update or correct your information at the HP site where it was submitted. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or enabling you to make corrections. To access your personally identifiable information, return to the web page where you originally entered it and follow the instructions on that web page. To opt-out of HP contact, provide your name, email and/or address and relevant information about subscriptions or registrations you may have with HP. This opt-out will cancel all marketing and support communication and newsletters, including software driver subscriptions. Certain areas of HP's web sites may limit access to specific individuals through the use of passwords and through providing personally data. 

Links to third party web sites on the site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the HP site. HP has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites, their content or their privacy policy. Thus, HP does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this site, you do so at your own risk. 

**Security**

HP is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. Preventing credit card fraud is important to protect your personal financial data security. As part of real-time payment processing, HP subscribes to a Fraud Risk Management Service. The Service gives you and HP an extra level of protection to guard against credit card fraud. The secure data transfer and validation process between the Service and HP is bound by contractual and confidentiality agreements. 

**Oversight**

If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please complete the [Web form](http://www.hp.com/ghp/assist/general.html), and select "Privacy" as your subject category. To help us process your request, please include all relevant contact information, name of the program(s) and action requested. 

As a Founding Sponsor, Hewlett-Packard participates in the Council of Better Business Bureau's BBBOnLine Privacy Program, complies with all BBBOnLine privacy standards and proudly display the BBBOnLine Privacy Seal which applies to our U.S. and Canadian web sites. We are actively engaged with BBBOnLine, the EU Data Protection Council and other organizations to develop a global approach to oversight, dispute resolution and a global seal. Further information about BBBOnLine is available at [http://www.bbbonline.org](http://www.bbbonline.org/). 

**How HP uses cookies**

A cookie is a piece of text asking permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. If you agree, then your browser adds the text in a small file. The purpose of a cookie is to help us analyze web traffic or let us know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow a web application to respond to you as an individual. By gathering and remembering information about your preferences, the web application can tailor its operation to your needs, likes and dislikes. For example, when you visit an electronic store, a cookie makes it easy to shop by allowing you to drop things into a shopping cart; the cart itself is not the cookie, the cookie is placed on your hard drive and keeps track of your cart versus others' in use at the same time. 

HP uses traffic log cookies to identify what pages are being used and which ones aren't. This helps us aggregate and analyze data about web page traffic and make improvements to HP.com web sites to better meet customer needs. In this case, HP uses this information only for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. That is the case of many of our support and information-sharing pages and forums. Denial of a traffic log cookie should not prevent you from using one of these sites. 

A few HP.com web sites use temporary cookies as part of the customer web navigation experience, tracking unique IDs for that particular web site session only. Examples are product registration sites. This cookie, by itself, only tells us that a previous HP.com visitor has returned. If you deny the cookie, you can still use the site anonymously. At hpshopping.com, you will receive a persistent cookie. Customers can browse with cookies turned off, but you can only purchase if you accept the cookie. The HP InfoAgent subscription service site requires enabling cookies to subscribe to the free newsletters offered through this service. HP InfoAgent uses cookie technology to assign and place an identifier unique only to you, placed on your computer. When you register for the subscription service, it ensures that you are accurately identified and linked with your registration data. The InfoAgent also uses a temporary "authentication" cookie to assure secure access to your personal information by you alone (completed with user name and password). 

Some hp.com web sites and HTML-formatted email newsletters use web beacons in combination with cookies to compile aggregated statistics about web site usage. A web beacon is a clear, single-pixel image (GIF) placed on a web page. Web beacons are used in combination with cookies to compile aggregated statistics about web site usage. You may render web beacons unusable by rejecting their associated cookies. This data is not personally identifiable or linked to personally identifiable information. 

Overall, cookies help us give you a better web site to use, by letting us monitor what's working and what isn't through site traffic analysis. HP wants to be sure you understand that accepting a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personal information about you, other than the data you chose to share with us. This practice is strictly enforced. We know that a lot of people have concerns about cookies, but in talking with many of our customers, we believe that the benefit we both gain from their proper use is worthwhile. We value the relationships we have with our customers, so we respect these concerns. HP works to continuously improve the HP.com web experience and personal data privacy policy and practices. 

You may set your web browser (Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator) to notify you of cookie placement requests or decline cookies completely. You can delete the files that contains cookies; those files are stored as part of your internet browser. 
  *[HP]: hewlett-packard
  *[ HP]: hewlett-packard
  *[hp]: hewlett-packard
