> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the unfuddle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-10-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171010120145id_/https%3A//unfuddle.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Unfuddle Privacy Policy

Unfuddle LLC ("Unfuddle") operates several websites including, but not limited to, Unfuddle.com, Unfuddle.io, and their respective subdomains (collectively the "Unfuddle Websites"). "You" or "Your" refers to visitors to the Unfuddle Websites and users or participants of the Unfuddle Websites and the Services (as defined in the Terms of Use). It is Unfuddle's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating the Unfuddle Websites. By visiting the Unfuddle Websites and utilizing our Services, You are accepting the practices described in Unfuddle's Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”), and agree to be subject to Unfuddle's Terms of Use ("Terms of Use").

### Collection of Non-Personally-Identifying and Personally-Identifying Information

Like most website operators, Unfuddle collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Unfuddle's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Unfuddle's visitors use the Unfuddle Websites. From time to time, Unfuddle may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

Unfuddle also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Unfuddle does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

Certain visitors to the Unfuddle Websites choose to interact with Unfuddle in ways that require Unfuddle to gather personally-identifying information. Personally-identifying information may include your name, home or work address, billing address, telephone number, age and gender. The amount and type of information that Unfuddle gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at the Website to provide an email address. Those who engage in transactions with Unfuddle – by purchasing access to Unfuddle Services, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process billing transactions. In each case, Unfuddle collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Unfuddle. Unfuddle does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

Unfuddle may collect and analyze certain information automatically: the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect Your computer to the internet; login; email address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; registration history; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from the Unfuddle Websites, including date and time; cookie number; pages You viewed, or what You searched for. Unfuddle may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Unfuddle may monitor the most popular features on the Unfuddle Websites. Unfuddle may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Unfuddle does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described herein.

### Use of Your Personally-Identifying Information

If You are a registered user of an Unfuddle website and have supplied Your email address, Unfuddle may occasionally send You an email to provide You with information and services You request, to tell You about new features and other products and services, to solicit Your feedback, or just keep You up to date with what is going on with Unfuddle and our Services. Unfuddle primarily uses our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If You send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), Unfuddle reserves the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to Your request or to help us support other users. Unfuddle takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of personally-identifying information.

The Unfuddle Websites and Unfuddle Services, by their nature, facilitate communication and collaboration between website users. As such, Unfuddle may also share Your personally-identifying information, including your email address, with other users participating in projects, pages or other Content (as defined in the Terms of Use) to which You also have access.

### Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

Unfuddle discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Unfuddle's behalf or to provide services available at the Unfuddle Websites, and (ii) that have agreed to abide by Unfuddle's Privacy Policy. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Unfuddle's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Unfuddle will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Unfuddle discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Unfuddle believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Unfuddle, third parties or the public at large.

### Security of Your Personally-Identifying Information

Unfuddle protects the confidentiality and security of Your personally-identifying information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration by using industry-recognized security safeguards such as firewalls, coupled with carefully developed security procedures. Whenever Unfuddle asks for sensitive information, such as a credit card number or password, we protect it through the use of encryption.

Your accounts and personally-identifying information are password protected. It is Your responsibility to keep Your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. If You are sharing a computer with anyone, You should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to Your information from subsequent users.

### Third Parties

Unfuddle sometimes contracts with outside firms, or third parties, to help provide services, such as designing a website, developing a computer program, maintaining our computer network, sending emails, registering a prospective domain name, processing online transactions or analyzing data. Unfuddle's contracts with these third parties outline the appropriate use and handling of Your information and prohibit them from using any of Your personally-identifying information for purposes unrelated to the product or service they are providing. Unfuddle requires vendors to maintain the confidentiality of the information we provide to them.

Unfuddle may disclose, access, or report personally-identifying information when we believe, in good faith, that we are required to by law or to protect our legal rights. Unfuddle may also do this in connection with an investigation into a suspected violation involving the Terms of Use, fraud, intellectual property infringement, or other activity that may be illegal or expose us to legal liability. For example, we may be required to disclose personal information to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities or to comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant, or law enforcement request.

Unfuddle may report and share information about Your account to credit bureaus, consumer reporting agencies and card associations. Late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on Your account may be reflected in Your credit report and consumer report. Unfuddle may also share information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit or debt collection.

### Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Unfuddle uses cookies to help Unfuddle identify and track visitors, their usage of the Unfuddle Websites, and their website access preferences. Unfuddle visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Unfuddle Websites, with the drawback that certain features of the Unfuddle Websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

### Advertising Disclosure

Unfuddle currently employs Google Display Advertising and Google Analytics Remarketing to better serve visitors to its website. Unfuddle and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to your website.

Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Preferences Manager.

### Conditions of Use, Notices and Changes to Privacy Policy

If You choose to visit the Unfuddle Websites, Your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, application of the laws of the State of Nevada, and consent to jurisdiction of any dispute in Clark County, Nevada. If you have any concern about privacy, please send us a thorough description and Unfuddle will try to resolve it. Unfuddle reserves the right in its sole discretion to change its Privacy Policy and Terms of Use from time to time and without notice. Use of information Unfuddle gathers now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use. Unfuddle encourages visitors to frequently check its websites for any changes to its Privacy Policy and/or the Terms of Use. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use will constitute Your acceptance of such change(s).
