> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the v9.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-04-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120416031437id_/http%3A//www.v9.com/static/html/privacy_us.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Beijing ZhiMingXingTong Technology Co., Ltd. ( ELEX ) Privacy Policy

Beijing ZhiMingXingTong Technology Co., Ltd. ( ELEX ) Privacy Policy

Beijing Elex Technology Co., Ltd. ("ELEX") is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of its online users ("users" or “user”). This Online Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") has been crafted to inform users as to the ways ELEX collects, stores, uses, and manages the information users provide during the use of any ELEX game or application ("Service"). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is only applicable to information collected from ELEX through the use of the Service.

By using the Service, users are agreeing to the collection and use of their personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. ELEX may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and ELEX encourages users to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.

Information Collected and Used

ELEX's primary objective in collecting users’ information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Service.

When users install any of the ELEX games or applications, ELEX may collect and record the information users provide voluntarily through the site where the games users install are released.

The types of personal information collected in accordance with the activities listed above may vary depending on the activities. This "personal information" is defined as information about users that can be used to contact or identify users. Personal information may include: (1) First name, last name, (2) Information about the users’ profile, including without limitation the users’ first, last and user names, and social networking site profile ID and icon, (3) email address, (4) phone number, and/or (5) credit or debit card information, or other payment details, depending on users’ form of payment. Additionally, ELEX may acquire information from users through (1) users’ access and participation in message boards on the Service, (2) users’ email to our customer support, and (3) users’ purchase of a virtual product of any type. Please note that because a third party site manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Service, ELEX does not have access to users’ payment details and billing information.

ELEX may also invite users to share non-personal information about themselves which may include but is not limited to: (1) users’ age or date of birth; (2) users’ gender; (3) information about the hardware users may own; (4) users’ favorite websites, friend information and fan pages; and (5) users’ game play information such as their highest scores or game session duration (collectively referred to as " **non-personal information** "). If non-personal information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, ELEX may combine the users’ non-personal information with their personal information in an attempt to provide the users with a better user experience, to improve the quality and value of the Services and to analyze how our Service is used.

In addition to information collected as described above, users may choose to share additional information about themselves throughout the Service, such as in games or on message boards. Any actions users perform with other players are considered public, and are at users’ sole discretion. Any information users provide to ELEX, and any information users choose to share about themselves as part of the use of any service, will be stored as entered.

Finally, any time users access the Service, ELEX may collect aggregate information including but not limited to internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity. ELEX uses this information to better tailor the Service to users’ interests, to provide users more efficient customer support, and to overall enhance the Service.

In all cases of data access and collection, the information users provide will not be disclosed, rented, leased, loaned, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties except to provide products or services users have requested, when ELEX has users’ permission, or under the following circumstances:

Other Disclosure of Users’ Personal Information

Users understand and agree that ELEX may be required to disclose any personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including but not limited to a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, or to protect our rights and property, or that of the public. Note that ELEX is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that ELEX may receive.

ELEX provides the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with ELEX under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use users’ personal information to help ELEX communicate with users about offers from ELEX and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.

ELEX has a parent's permission to share the information if user is a child under age 13. Parents have the option of allowing ELEX to collect and use their child's information without consenting to ELEX sharing of this information with people and companies who may use this information for their own purposes.

ELEX believes it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of ELEX's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.

Additionally, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, customer information may be transferred to ELEX's successor or assignee, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.

**Cookies**

A cookie is a small data file that ELEX transfers to users’ computer’s hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user's computer and to "remember" things about the user's visit, such as the user’s preferences or a user’s name and password. The Service sends cookies to users’ computers when users access or view content of an ELEX game. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to users’ personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our service, tailoring recommendations to users’ interests, and making the Service easier to use. Users can disable cookies at any time, although users may not be able to access or use features of the Service.

**Links**

The Service may contain links to other websites. The fact that the Service links to a website or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that ELEX endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of our affiliation with that third party. ELEX is in no way responsible for the privacy policies of these other websites to which users choose to access from the Service. Please be sure to read the privacy policies of those websites when exiting the Service.

**Changing or Deleting Users’ Information**

Users may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information in users’ profile page. If users completely delete all this information, users’ account may become deactivated. If users would like ELEX to delete their records in ELEX’s system, please contact ELEX and ELEX will attempt to accommodate users’ request if ELEX is not legally obligated to retain the record.

**Security**

ELEX has put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure users’ personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, ELEX cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use users’ personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so ELEX discourages users from sending ELEX personal information through these mediums.

**Policy Regarding Children**

The Service is not geared toward children under the age of 13 and ELEX does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If users are under 13, they may use and access ELEX’s game only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to ELEX, he or she can contact us through e-mail listed below. If ELEX learns that a child under 13 has provided ELEX with personal information ELEX will delete such information from its files as quickly as possible. ELEX recognizes the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourages parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly.

**Contacting Us**

If users have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact ELEX at support@elex-tech.com.
