> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the visahunter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122152703id_/http%3A//www.visahunter.com/privacy-policy-page) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Visa Hunter

Visahunter.com respects the privacy of its visitors and understands the importance of privacy to visitors to its web site.  Visahunter.com collects and stores information so that it can efficiently provide information to users of this web site. This privacy statement is designed to help you understand what information Visahunter.com gathers and what it does with the information.

Visahunter.com accepts some personal information, including, but not limited to, name and e-mail address, but this information will only be used (by Visahunter.com, at it’s sole discretion) if Visahunter.com needs to contact you directly to respond to questions, comments or inquiries. The information is not used for other internal purposes, and Visahunter.com does not share the personal information with anyone. Your e-mail address will not be used for any purpose other than responding to the message you’ve sent. Visahunter.com reserves the right, however, to use the information to selectively notify visitors about updates, products, services, activities or upcoming events. By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Visahunter.com.

Occasionally, at my discretion, I may include or offer third party products or services on this website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. I therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, I seek to protect the integrity of this site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a your prior visits to my website. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to my site and/or other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting [Ads Settings](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/ "Ad Settings"). (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest based advertising by visiting [aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/ "About Ads").)

**CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY**

Visahunter.com, reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on this web site. If Visahunter.com, decides to change its Privacy Policy, those changes will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what information Visahunter.com, collects, how Visahunter.com, uses the information, and under what circumstances the information is disclosed by Visahunter.com. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the web site.
