> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the visicommedia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20001207000200id_/http%3A//www.visicommedia.com/about/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Visicom Media Privacy Statement

##  Privacy Statement for Visicom Media 

**Visicom Media** has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: [ Visicom Media ](http://www.visicommedia.com/)

####  Cookies 

Our Site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. We also use cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. _ _

####  Advertisers 

We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. 

####  Registration Forms 

Our site's registration form may requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). 

Contact information from the registration forms is used to ship purchases, information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. 

Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. 

Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.   
We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. 

####  Order Forms 

Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like their email address), financial information and demographic information. 

Contact information from the order forms is used to ship purchases, information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. 

Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. 

Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.   
We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. 

####  Surveys 

Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like email address) and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). 

Contact information from the surveys is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. 

####  Contests 

We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like email address) and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). 

Contact information from the contests is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. 

Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.   
We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. 

####  External Links 

This site contains links to other sites. **Visicom Media** is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. 

####  Public Forums 

This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. 

####  Data Quality/Access 

This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided: 

  1. You can send email to [ customer@visicommedia.com ](mailto:customer@visicommedia.com)



##  Contacting the Web Site 

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:   


[ webmaster@visicommedia.com ](mailto:webmaster@visicommedia.com)

* * *

Generated by [Privacy Wizard](http://privacy.linkexchange.com/)
