> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the visi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-10-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071011092338id_/http%3A//www.visi.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# None

_Effective  September 18th, 2007_

**1.    General Information.**    VISI Incorporated ("VISI") understands the importance of your privacy.  This Privacy Statement describes how certain information is collected from visitors to our Website(s) (referred to in this statement as the "Site"), and from customers of all of VISI's services (collectively referred to in this statement as the "Services"). This Privacy Statement discloses how we collect and use information regarding the visitors to the Site and customers of the Services (referred to in this statement as "Users"), and the choices that Users can make about the way their information is collected and used. By accessing the Site, registering and/or using the Site or using the Services, you acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to all of these terms and conditions, do not continue to visit the Site or use any of the Services.

  
**2.    VISI's Collection And Use Of User Information.**   VISI collects and uses personally identifiable information, Users' Website activity information (through the use of "cookies"), IP addresses, Users' demographic information and information supplied by third parties.

  
**a.    Personally Identifiable Information.**   VISI collects personally identifiable information (collectively “PII”) from Users such as the User's name, address, telephone number, gender, birth date, e-mail address, social security number, credit or debit card numbers. VISI uses the User's PII to help customize and enrich the User's experience with the Site or Services by allowing VISI to send information to the User about the User's account or VISI's services, advertisements for products and services of third parties that may be of interest to User, and other information that reflect the User's interests. VISI shall take reasonable steps to keep all PII confidential and, except as described in this Privacy Statement, will not sell, rent, or intentionally disclose a User's PII to anyone else without first providing the User with notice of such use and an opportunity to opt-out of such use.

  
**b.    Cookies and Access to Third Party Websites.**   VISI uses cookies to keep and occasionally track information about User and the User's visits to the Site. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to User's computer browser from a Web server and stored on User's computer hard drive. The cookie is then read by the Web server programs to inform a Website operator (like VISI) if User has previously visited that site. VISI uses cookies to improve and personalize the User's visit to the Site and current or future use of the Services. VISI's use of cookies may include delivery of content specific to the User's interests, saving User's password so User does not have to re-enter it each time User visits the Site or uses the Services, and studying traffic patterns and taking other actions to improve the Site or the Services. The information collected by VISI by use of cookies shall be kept confidential and, except as described in this Privacy Statement, will not be sold, rented, or disclosed to anyone else without User's prior notification or consent.

  
 The Site may contain links to other websites. VISI is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site, and to read the privacy statements of each website that collects PII. This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected by VISI.

  
VISI WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OR DISCLOSURE OF ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE OR OTHER INFORMATION COLLECTED VIA THIRD PARTY USE OF COOKIES, THE LINKS, OR OTHERWISE BY ANY THIRD PARTY.  


**c.    IP Addresses.**   An Internet protocol ("IP") address is a set of numbers that is automatically assigned to User's computer when a User accesses the Internet. Web servers identify User's computer by the IP address assigned to it during User's online session. VISI collects the IP address of User's when they visit the Site and uses User's IP address to help diagnose problems with VISI's servers and to administer the Site. In addition, VISI may use IP addresses for other purposes, for example, to report anonymous User information to current or potential advertisers, or to gather information for aggregate use. VISI does not ordinarily link a User's IP address to the User's name or other PII, but reserves the right to do so  for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy.

  
**d.    Demographic Information.**   VISI collects non-identifying demographic information, such as the Users' zip code, age and income level, and uses such information to tailor the Users' experience with the Site and Services. For example, VISI may use demographic information to display content according to the User's preferences. User demographic information may be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate basis in a manner which will not personally identify the User submitting such information.

  
**e.    Third Party Information.**   VISI may supplement the information that User provides with information that is received from third parties. The type of information that may be received could include PII and User demographic information. The use of this information provided to VISI by third parties will be governed and restricted only by the terms and conditions imposed by those third parties.

  
**f.    Exceptions.**   In addition to the uses and disclosures described above, VISI may disclose Users' information, including PII, : (1) when VISI has reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to enforce compliance with the terms and conditions of our Site or Services or otherwise in order to enforce VISI's rights with regard to the User; (2) to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the Site, the Services, VISI' rights or property, other Users of the Site, or anyone else; (3) VISI believes in good faith that any law enforcement agency or applicable law, rule, regulation, subpoena or order requires the disclosure; or (4) to third parties providing services to VISI, provided that such third parties agree to use and disclose the information shared only in accordance terms and conditions substantially similar to those set forth in this Privacy Statement.

  
**g. Transfer on Sale of Business.**   It is possible VISI could decide to sell its business (or certain of the assets of its business) to a third party.  In any transaction of this kind, customer information, including your personally identifiable information, may be among the assets that are transferred. If VISI elects to so sell its business or assets in one of these ways, you will be notified by email.

  
**3.    Correcting Or Updating Disclosed Information, Changing Elections, Or Stopping The Further Collection And/Or Use Of User's Information.**   Users may access the data collected, request corrections or updates to User's information, stop VISI's sending of announcements and advertisements about the Services and modify or rescind User's authorization to disclose PII to third parties (except as set forth in Section 2(f), by sending a request as specified below. VISI will correct such error, make such an update and/or stop sending announcements and advertisements and/or stop disclosing such information, upon: (a) receipt of a written request to do so; (b) verifying the existence of the alleged error (if applicable); and (c) verifying the identity of the User requesting the change.

  
Users may request all changes by either: (a) sending an e-mail request to: [privacy@visi.com](mailto:privacy@visi.com) or (b) sending a letter via the U.S. Mail to:  
VISI  
12 S. 6th St., Suite 630  
Minneapolis, MN 55402

  
**4.    Data Security.  ** VISI shall take reasonable precautions to prevent the unauthorized use, disclosure or access to User's information. Certain VISI User Service accounts are password-protected, providing persons who have access to a User's password with access to the Services under the User's account and the User's account-related information. If User refrains from sharing User's password with others and protects it from disclosure, User helps to maintain security and confidentiality of User's account and account related information. User must remember to log out of User's VISI account when User is finished using the Site or the Services. By doing so, User protects User's account from being re-opened by another person. If the confidentiality of a User's password has been compromised, the User should contact VISI to receive a new password. Please note that despite its efforts to maintain the security and confidentiality, neither VISI nor any other Internet service can promise complete security against unauthorized access to, use of and disclosure of User information provided over the Internet.  
5.   Age Requirement.   VISI encourages parents and guardians to be familiar with the Websites that their children visit and the Services that they use. The Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") regulates how Website operators collect and use personal information from children under the age of 13, pursuant to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (the "Act"). For more information about the Act and children's on-line privacy in general, visit the FTC's Website at <http://www.ftc.gov/>. VISI requires that all Users be at least 18 years of age. To the extent that some of the Services and the Site become accessible to a child under the age of 13 (by any means including, a Users' intentional or inadvertent disclosure of its password to that child), VISI requests that the child under the age of 13 refrain from using the Site and Services. Users under the age of 13 are prohibited from posting or transmitting any PII or other information on the Site, the Services, or any other VISI Website. VISI relies in part on its Users to prevent unauthorized access to the Site and the Services, and to comply with the provisions of this Privacy Statement.

  
**6.    Miscellaneous.**

  
**a.    Limitation of Liability.**   TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW VISI DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY UNAUTHORIZED USE OR DISCLOSURE OF USER'S INFORMATION PROVIDED VIA THE SITE OR THE SERVICES AND ANY OTHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO SUCH INFORMATION EVEN IF VISI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.   SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

  
**b.    Governing Law.**   This Privacy Statement will in all respects be governed by and interpreted, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Minnesota, except for its conflict of laws provisions. Any action arising out of or relating to this Privacy Statement will be exclusively venued in a state or federal court situated within the State of Minnesota. User irrevocably consents and submits to the personal jurisdiction of said courts for all such purposes.

  
**c.    Revisions.**   VISI reserves the right to change or modify this Privacy Statement at any time without prior notice. Such revisions or modifications shall be effective immediately upon notice, which may be given by any means, including but not limited to posting the revised or modified terms and conditions on [www.visi.com](http://www.visi.com/). You are responsible for reviewing [www.visi.com](http://www.visi.com/) periodically for any modification to this Privacy Statement. Your continued use of or access to the Site and Services shall constitute your acceptance of this Privacy Statement as so changed or modified.  The terms and conditions applicable to your collected information shall be: (i) in the case of PII collected by VISI, the terms and conditions in place at the time you submitted the applicable information; and (ii) in the case of cookies and IP addresses, the terms and conditions in effect upon the User's last visit to the Site that results in the delivery of or access to such cookies, or the collection of such IP addresses.  
d.   Entire Agreement.   This Privacy Statement contains the entire agreement between VISI and User regarding VISI's collection and use of information from User and supersedes any prior representations, advertisements, statements, proposals, negotiations, discussions, understandings, or agreements regarding the same subject matter. User acknowledges that it has not been induced to agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement by any representations or statements, oral or written, not expressly contained in this Privacy Statement.  User’s use of the Services shall be subject to additional terms and conditions.  

