> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the visionworks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181202204046id_/https%3A//www.visionworks.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Visionworks

Visionworks does not collect personal information unless you voluntarily provide it to us. We do, however, collect certain types of information and ask for personal information in certain circumstances, such as when you set up a User Account, use the Frame Finder's service, request custom alerts and notifications regarding particular products and product categories, indicate your favorite products, and search for products on the Site. The following sections describe the type of information we collect and how we collect it.

* _Information You Give Us; Information You Authorize Us to Access On Your Behalf._

All users may visit the public areas of the Site without disclosing any personal information about themselves.However, in order to use certain Site Features, you may be asked for, or you may choose to provide, certain personally identifiable information ('PII'), such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone number and similar information. We will not collect PII from you while you use the Site Features unless you voluntarily provide it to us or authorize us to collect such information. When you complete a registration form to create a User Account, we require you to provide us with relevant PII. If you choose to make purchases on this Site utilizing insurance coverage information that Visionworks is able to access, you grant Visionworks permission to contact such insurance provider, to verify your insurance coverage information, and to obtain authorization from your insurer regarding purchases made through this Site. Please be advised that any insurance coverage information is utilized only for a particular online purchase using this Site, and is deleted/erased when you close your browser for that transaction.

* _Cookies._

Like many websites, we employ the use of 'cookies' in certain areas of our Site to allow us to provide information that is targeted to your interests and make your online experience more convenient (for instance, by reducing the number of times you have to re-enter your password). Cookies are small bits of electronic information that a website sends to a visitor's browser and are stored on your hard drive. We may use cookies or similar tools to learn about your preferences and Internet session information, to record information including your likely state of residence, the web pages that you access and for how long, whether you return to the Site, and whether a particular email is opened. We do not receive or record any personal information in the cookies we use and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify you. We may encode our cookies so that only we can interpret the information stored in them. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, you may choose to change your browser to block cookies that or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. Most cookies are 'session cookies,' meaning that they are automatically deleted at the end of a session and you are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits. You can still use the Site if your browser is set to reject cookies. If your browser is set to allow you to be notified when a cookie is to be placed on your browser, you will be able to decline the cookie or delete cookies that have been placed on your browser. For general information regarding opt-out, you can visit the Networking Advertising Initiative (NAI) at <http://www.networkadvertising.org/>. You can also find specific information regarding opting out of interest-based advertising that uses web browser and cookie information at this specific NAI webpage: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/>. You may also check your web browser’s instructions. Some functions of our website may not work or may work slowly if a cookie is refused.

We do not respond to web browser “do not track” signals at this time. We await the result of work by the policy community and industry to determine when such a response is appropriate and what form it should take. We do allow you to exercise choice regarding the collection of information by third parties about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services for online interest based advertising purposes by going to <http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/> or <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/>.

* _Log Information._

Our servers automatically track certain information about you as you use our Site. This information may include the URL that you just came from, which URL you go to next, what browser you are using, and your IP address. Our site logs do generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to our Site. This information is used for internal purposes by technical support staff to provide better services to the public and may also be provided to others, but the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.

* _Favorites and Custom Alerts._

You may choose to submit information pertaining to your areas of interest, including the designation of certain categories of content as 'favorites' or the like. Similarly, you may choose to sign-up for customized alerts and notifications pertaining to certain products or product categories featured on the Site. This information is used to personalize the Site Features and tailor the Site to your particular preferences.

* _User Content._

You may choose to submit content to the Site (hereinafter, 'User Content'), including personal photographs for use in connection with the Frame Finder' service. This User Content will be used to facilitate delivery of the Site Features.

* _Usage Activity._

When you use the Site Features we may track your usage history, including search history and the particular content you viewed. This usage history will be used for your convenience, so that you can easily access past searches and content of interest. 
