> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the taylormorrison.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180323014015id_/https%3A//www.taylormorrison.com/Privacy-Policies) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for Taylor Morrison

**Privacy Policy** : Taylor Morrison, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively referred to as " **Taylor Morrison** ") provide information to the homebuying public, REALTORS®, other real estate brokers, trade partners and other users of the Internet regarding Taylor Morrison's communities, homes, financial services and other related products and services through the Web Site at [www.taylormorrison.com](http://www.taylormorrison.com/) (the " **Web Site** "). Your privacy is important to us, as well as to our respective subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, " **we** ," " **us** " or " **our** ") and we are committed to protecting the privacy of its customers and potential customers. To demonstrate this commitment, Taylor Morrison has created this Web Site privacy policy (the " **Privacy Policy** ") governing Taylor Morrison's use of the information that is collected through the Web Site. By accessing and viewing the Web Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy shall apply only to individual consumers and solely to information collected by this Web Site.

**Updates to this Policy** : This Policy might change over time in Taylor Morrison's sole discretion. The most recent version of this Policy will be posted here.

**About this Policy** : This Policy describes the privacy practices only on the websites and mobile phone applications where it appears. This policy explains the practices of all our brands, which include Taylor Morrison, Darling Homes* and others. Please note that Taylor Morrison and/or its affiliates may have separate privacy policies concerning information obtained through means other than the Web Site. In addition, this Policy does not apply to the practices of Taylor Morrison Home Funding, LLC (" **Taylor Morrison Home Funding** "), which maintains a separate privacy policy. For a copy of the Taylor Morrison Home Funding Privacy Policy, please click [here](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policies/tmhf-privacy-policy):  ** _*Note: While the Privacy Policy for Taylor Morrison's Darling Homes-Dallas and Darling Homes-Houston Divisions, collectively, are also contained herein, please refer to their respective separate Privacy Officer Contact Information below._**

Collection of Information: Even if you do nothing during your visit to the Web Site other than browse through the Web Site and read the information contained on the web pages, Taylor Morrison will nevertheless gather certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally, but may, for example, reflect how you found or were directed to or used the Web Site. In addition, you may at your option provide personal identification or other information through the Web Site (for example, by way of your explicit request that Taylor Morrison send you requested information via e-mail or regular mail). It is possible, too, that your REALTOR®/Real Estate Agent may provide us with personal information concerning you or the Taylor Morrison communities and homes in which you are interested.

Taylor Morrison gathers your IP address when you use any portion of the Web Site. Taylor Morrison also collects the name and URL of the Web Site that you visited immediately preceding your visit to the Web Site. Taylor Morrison uses this information on an aggregate basis to better understand Taylor Morrison's prospective customers and homebuyers, and Taylor Morrison may disclose this information to business and trade partners on an aggregate basis. Taylor Morrison also uses "cookies" to store your preferences in order to make your use of the Web Site more productive. Cookies are small files created by Web Sites that reside on your computer's hard drive and store information about your use of a particular web site.

This Web Site utilizes browser cookies to advertise to our Web Site's prospects across the Internet. We collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits to our Web Site and your interaction with our products and services. The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. No Personally Identifiable Information is collected during this process. If you do not want taylormorrison.com to collect this information, you may opt out of the service at any time. Opting out will not in any way affect your use of our Web Site. To Opt-out, please [click here](http://www.taylormorrison.com/opt-out). In addition, you may opt out at any time by clicking on the link found in any of our e-mailed communications sent based on your prior request or by contacting our Privacy Administrator as indicated below.

**Disclosure and Use of Information** : Taylor Morrison uses your contact information to respond to your requests for information or service, for general record-keeping purposes and to otherwise contact you about promotions and available products or services or, in unlikely circumstances, to contact you regarding product recalls. More specifically, Taylor Morrison may use your contact information to mail you Taylor Morrison's newsletter, Neighbor to Neighbor, or other promotional material or notification of special offers. Using your contact information, Taylor Morrison may also send you e-mail messages under the following circumstances, among others:

  * to respond to an inquiry or request for information;
  * to thank you for contacting Taylor Morrison;
  * to welcome you to Taylor Morrison and to its products and services;
  * to explain new product offerings and features of our services;
  * to notify you of special promotions;
  * to communicate with you after the purchase of a home about your home and your use of our related services; and
  * to contact you after the purchase of a home regarding warranty services



Taylor Morrison does not sell, rent, share or otherwise disclose mailing lists or other personal information obtained through the Web Site to or with any non-affiliated companies. However, your contact information may be available or provided to third-party vendors, service providers and contractors (such as the Web Site developer) that are contractually obligated to protect your information as disclosed in this Privacy Policy or agents as required to perform specific purposes on our behalf. In order to maintain accurate records concerning communications that Taylor Morrison may have received from or sent to you, Taylor Morrison may also indefinitely store any information that you provide to Taylor Morrison through the Web Site.

**Requests for Services** : You may request information regarding specific Taylor Morrison' communities, homes, financial services and other related products and services through the Web Site by submitting the requested contact information. You may not, however, purchase a home or any service directly through the Web Site. Any home warranty service request submitted through the Web Site is merely a request for a Taylor Morrison representative to contact you regarding such services.

**Requests for Mortgage Information** : You may request information regarding the availability of home mortgage programs offered by Taylor Morrison Home Funding through the Web Site by submitting the requested contact and financial information. Any information you submit to the Web Site in connection with your request for mortgage information will be forwarded directly to the appropriate Taylor Morrison Home Funding affiliate, which will respond to your request or have a representative of Taylor Morrison Home Funding contact you. Taylor Morrison will not use or disclose the information you submit through the Web Site in connection with a request for mortgage information to any party other than Taylor Morrison Home Funding. [Please refer to the separate Privacy Policy for Taylor Morrison Home Funding](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policies/tmhf-privacy-policy).

**Third-party Web Sites** : The Taylor Morrison Web Site contains references to products of other companies and links to other web sites, including Web Sites that are not maintained or controlled by Taylor Morrison. The links to those other web site are placed for your convenience only, and do not comprise any warranty or endorsement on the part of Taylor Morrison as to the companies, products, services, information or programs associates with these Web Sites. Similarly, Taylor Morrison makes no warranty or endorsement of non-affiliated companies and products that appear on this Web Site. Taylor Morrison is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other web sites, and you are encouraged to review their privacy policies and terms of use. The fact that a link to a third-party web site exists on the Taylor Morrison Web Site does not mean that the third-party site operates under the same or similar privacy practices as set forth in the Taylor Morrison Privacy Policy. ** **

**Google Analytics** (updated to our policy as of 4/10/2014) Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of [www.taylormorrison.com](http://www.taylormorrison.com/), to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. The Google Analytics features we've implemented are Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.

Google Analytics Demographics and Interests Reporting does not involve the tracking or merging of personally-identifiable information. This type of reporting uses the same mechanism as used by existing Display Advertising campaigns (i.e., via cookies). We will not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected from Display Advertising features that is based on the DoubleClick cookie unless we have robust notice of such further amendment to our Privacy Policy, and the user's prior affirmative (i.e., opt-in) consent to, that merger.  Find Google's own privacy policy and additional details about Google Analytics generally by clicking [here](http://www.google.com/analytics/).

**Security Precautions** : Taylor Morrison takes precautions to protect data and information under its control from misuse, loss or alteration. Taylor Morrison' security measures include industry-standard technology and equipment to help protect your information, and Taylor Morrison maintains security measures to allow only the appropriate personnel and contractors access to your information. Unfortunately, no system can ensure complete security, and Taylor Morrison disclaims any liability resulting from use of the Web Site.

**Notification of Changes** : If Taylor Morrison changes its Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted on the Web Site. If at any time Taylor Morrison decides to use or disclose a user's personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, Taylor Morrison will notify affected users by e-mail. Taylor Morrison will otherwise use and disclose a user's personally identifiable information in accordance with the Privacy Policy that was in effect when such information was collected.

**Exceptions** : Other than as set forth above, Taylor Morrison will not otherwise use or disclose any of your personal information except to the extent reasonably necessary to: (i) process your information and to correct technical problems and malfunctions in the Web Site or the computer systems supporting the Web Site; (ii) protect the security and integrity of the Web Site; (iii) protect the rights and property of Taylor Morrison and others; (iv) take precautions against liability; (v) respond to claims that your information violates the rights and interests of third-parties; (vi) respond to judicial or administrative process or otherwise comply with applicable law; and (vii) to assist law enforcement agencies in connection with investigations or matters related to public safety.

**Changes to Your Information:**

**TAYLOR MORRISON COMMUNITIES (OTHER THAN THE DARLING HOMES COMMUNITIES):**  You may change or update information you previously provided to Taylor Morrison by contacting the Taylor Morrison Sales & Marketing Department via e-mail at [webmaster@taylormorrison.com](mailto:webmaster@taylormorrison.com) or regular mail at Corporate Office 4900 N. Scottsdale Road, Suite 2000 Scottsdale, AZ 85251 480-840-8100.

**DARLING HOMES COMMUNITIES ONLY** : You may change or update information you previously provided to Darling Homes by contacting the Darling Homes Division's Privacy Officer by e-mail at [legal@darlinghomes.com](mailto:legal@darlinghomes.com) or via telephone at (469) 252-2200 or by regular mail addressed to Privacy Officer, Darling Homes Dallas, 2500 Legacy Dr # 100, Frisco, TX 75034 or Darling Homes Houston, 10255 Richmond Ave # 150, Houston, TX.

**TAYLOR MORRISON HOME FUNDING** : You may change or update information you previously provided to Taylor Morrison Home Funding by visiting the [Taylor Morrison Home Funding's Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policies/tmhf-privacy-policy).

**Stopping E-mails and Promotional Materials:**

**TAYLOR MORRISON COMMUNITIES:**  You may elect to "opt out" of the Taylor Morrison e-mail system by affirmatively choosing to do so at <http://www.taylormorrison.com/opt-out>. You may also stop e-mail messages and other promotional mailings by contacting the Taylor Morrison Privacy Officer by e-mail at [privacy_officer@taylormorrison.com](mailto:privacy_officer@taylormorrison.com) or by regular mail addressed to Privacy Officer, Taylor Morrison, 4900 N. Scottsdale Road, Suite 2000 Scottsdale, AZ 85251 or via telephone at (480) 840-8100. Please visit the Taylor Morrison Home Funding's Privacy Policy to opt out of Taylor Morrison Home Funding emails and promotional material.

**DARLING HOMES DIVISION** : You may elect to "opt out" of the Darling Homes' Division e-mail system by contacting the Darling Homes Division's Privacy Officer by e-mail at [legal@darlinghomes.com](mailto:legal@darlinghomes.com) or via telephone at (469) 252-2200 or by regular mail addressed to Privacy Officer, Darling Homes-Dallas Division, 2500 Legacy Dr # 100, Frisco, TX 75034 or Darling Homes-Houston Division, 10255 Richmond Ave # 150, Houston, TX.

TAYLOR MORRISON HOME FUNDING: Please visit the [Taylor Morrison Home Funding's Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policies/tmhf-privacy-policy) to opt out of Taylor Morrison Home Funding emails and promotional material.

**Questions or Comments:**

**TAYLOR MORRISON COMMUNITIES** : Questions or comments concerning this Privacy Policy may be directed to the Taylor Morrison Privacy Officer by e-mail at [privacy_officer@taylormorrison.com](mailto:privacy_officer@taylormorrison.com) or by regular mail addressed to Privacy Officer, Taylor Morrison, 4900 N. Scottsdale Road, Suite 2000 Scottsdale, AZ 85251 or via telephone at (480) 840-8100.

**DARLING HOMES COMMUNITIES** : Questions or comments specifically concerning this Privacy Policy (as it relates to the Darling Homes Division only) may be directed to the Darling Homes Privacy Officer by e-mail at [legal@darlinghomes.com](mailto:legal@darlinghomes.com) or via telephone at (469) 252-2200 or by regular mail addressed to Privacy Officer, Darling Homes-Dallas Division, 2500 Legacy Dr # 100, Frisco, TX 75034 or Darling Homes-Houston Division, 10255 Richmond Ave # 150, Houston, TX.

TAYLOR MORRISON HOME FUNDING: For any questions or comments specifically concerning the Taylor Morrison Home Funding Privacy Policy, please visit the [Taylor Morrison Home Funding's Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policies/tmhf-privacy-policy).
