> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uschesschamps.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170625010956id_/http%3A//uschesschamps.com/node/11) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | www.uschesschamps.com

Website Visitors  
Like most website operators, The Chess Club and Scholastic Center of Saint Louis (CCSCSL) collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. CCSCSL’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how CCSCSL’s visitors use its website. From time to time, CCSCSL may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.  
CCSCSL also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. CCSCSL does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.  
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information  
Certain visitors to CCSCSL’s websites choose to interact with CCSCSL in ways that require CCSCSL to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that CCSCSL gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a site membership to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with CCSCSL – by purchasing merchandise, memberships, or tournament registrations, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, CCSCSL collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with CCSCSL. CCSCSL does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.  
Aggregated Statistics  
CCSCSL may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. CCSCSL may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, CCSCSL does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.  
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information  
CCSCSL discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on CCSCSL’s behalf or to provide services available at CCSCSL’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using CCSCSL’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. CCSCSL will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, CCSCSL discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when CCSCSL believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of CCSCSL, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an CCSCSL website and have supplied your email address, CCSCSL may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on at the CCSCSL. We primarily use our website to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. CCSCSL takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.  
Cookies   
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. CCSCSL uses cookies to help CCSCSL identify and track visitors, their usage of CCSCSL website, and their website access preferences. CCSCSL visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using CCSCSL’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of CCSCSL’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.  
Ads  
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by CCSCSL and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.  
Privacy Policy Changes  
Although most changes are likely to be minor, CCSCSL may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in CCSCSL’s sole discretion. CCSCSL encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a WordPress.com account, you should also check your blog’s dashboard for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
