> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uscity.net privacy policy that was archived on 2001-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20011201015519id_/http%3A//www.uscity.net/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# U.S. City Network is a Business Member Supported National Directory - U.S. City Network, Inc - United States City Network Directory - us city directory US Cities directories cities uscity.net

The following statement has been developed to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. 

This statement discloses the privacy practices for The US City Network’s uscity.net Web site. 

The US City Network collects personally identifiable information (name, e-mail address, etc.) and/or demographic data (zip code, gender, interests, etc.) that you submit when your register for our services or make a purchase from our online store, or send us an email. We and/or our 3rd party partners may use this information to process and maintain your account. Credit card information will be provided to third parties only to provide products and services that you order. We may use the contact information you provide to contact you about your account and/or to send you necessary information directly related to the product(s) or service(s) for which you have registered. We will not provide your contact information to unaffiliated third parties without your express permission. The US City Network uses Cookies (small text files transferred from our Web site to your hard drive) to recognize repeat users, and facilitate your access to and use of our site. Cookies do not damage files or allow anyone to access yo ur personally identifiable information. They also provide information to us about site usage to help us improve and update our site. The security of the information you provide to The US City Network is important to us. We use encryption software and other security measures to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of sensitive information under our control. However, the US City Network’s site includes links to other web sites, and when you choose to visit those web sites, we are not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat user information. In addition, we may permit third parties to offer registration-based services through our site. We are not responsible for the actions and policies of these third parties, and you should review the privacy policies of these parties when supplying personally identifiable information to them. The US City Network reserves the right to alter our Privacy Policy as business needs require. Any changes will be posted to our web site in a timely manner. This sta tement and the policies outlined here are not intended to and do not give you any contractual or other legal rights. 
