> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the url123.info privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160314151130id_/http%3A//url123.info/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# URL123.INFO - Privacy Policy

[Apache Administrator's Handbook](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/redirect?link_code=ur2&camp=1789&tag=best-php-books-20&creative=9325&path=tg/detail/-/0672322749)  
Apache Administrator's Handbook is a practical hands-on guide to the installation, configuration, and administration of the Apache Web server. It will show you how to build and configure Apache with the features and modules you need, how to seucre the server, how to interpret log files, and how to tune the server's performance. While aimed primarily at Apache server administrators, the book also contains information for developers interested in building dynamic Web sites on top of the Apache server using either CGI or mod_perl. 

[Programming PHP](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/redirect?link_code=ur2&camp=1789&tag=best-php-books-20&creative=9325&path=tg/detail/-/0596006810)  
Programming PHP, 2nd Edition, is the authoritative guide to PHP 5 and is filled with the unique knowledge of the creator of PHP (Rasmus Lerdorf) and other PHP experts. When it comes to creating websites, the PHP scripting language is truly a red-hot property. In fact, PHP is currently used on more than 19 million websites, surpassing Microsoft's ASP .NET technology in popularity. Programmers love its flexibility and speed; designers love its accessibility and convenience. 

[Linux Administration Handbook](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/redirect?link_code=ur2&camp=1789&tag=best-php-books-20&creative=9325&path=tg/detail/-/0131480049)  
Since 2001, Linux Administration Handbook has been the definitive resource for every Linux system administrator who must efficiently solve technical problems and maximize the reliability and performance of a production environment. Now, the authors have systematically updated this classic guide to address today's most important Linux distributions and most powerful new administrative tools. 

URL123.INFO : Free url redirection and url masking service Privacy Policy 

URL123.INFO policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our users. URL123.INFO will not disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent.   
URL123.INFO will not sell or give your email address to anyone and you will never be placed on any list. However, URL123.INFO may disclose your information when URL123.INFO believes in good faith that the law requires it.   
URL123.INFO may use your email address to inform you about URL123.INFO major service changes, important updates, or special promotions.   
IP addresses: URL123.INFO website may record your IP address but uses it only for internal purposes. It will never be given to any other person/company/website for any reason.   
Cookies: URL123.INFO website uses cookies only to maintain your information as you move throughout this site. A cookie is a small piece of information used to identify an individual when the person is accessing a site. At no time is any personal information stored in a cookie, nor is any tracking information made available to other sites for any reason.   
URL123.INFO reserve the right to change this Policy anytime without prior notification. In this case the new Policy will be published at [privacy.html](https://web.archive.org/web/20160314151130id_/http%3A//url123.info/privacy.html)  
If you have any question, please do not hesitate to [contact](https://web.archive.org/web/20160314151130id_/http%3A//url123.info/feedback.php) us. 
