> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tnuck.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606135411id_/http%3A//tnuck.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Tuckernuck

**PRIVACY POLICY**

Uscoop Inc., the operator of Tuckernuck, or [http://tnuck.com](http://tnuck.com/) (“Website”), is committed to protecting your privacy. We are an online boutique and lifestyle site. Please read the following privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to learn what information we collect from our users (“you”) and how we use and disclose that information. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, feel free to email us at stayclassy@tnuck.com.

The Website is not directed to children and children are not eligible to use our Services.  Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us.  We do not collect or maintain Personally Identifiable Information (defined below) from people we actually know are under 18 years of age, and no part of our Site or Services is designed to attract people under 18 years of age. If we later learn that a user is under 18 years of old, we will take steps to remove that user’s Personally Identifiable Information from our databases and to prevent the user from utilizing the Site and the Services.  


**1\. Changes to the Tuckernuck Privacy Policy**

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make any changes to our Privacy Policy, we will update this Privacy Policy and provide notice through other means and on other portions of the Website that we think are necessary so that you know what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will send an email to the last email address you have provided to us.

**2\. Information Tuckernuck Collects and How We Use it**

We may collect both Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information through the Website and Service. 

**Personally Identifiable Information**

Collection

“Personally Identifiable Information” is contact or non-public information that is used or intended to be used to personally identify a specific individual. In general, the Personally Identifiable Information we gather enables us to process your orders and provide the Services. When you do certain things on the Website, such as creating an account, placing an order from us or our partners, entering a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by us or our partners, filling out a survey, posting a review, sending us or our partners feedback, requesting information about our services, submitting an affiliate agreement, forming a “clique”, posting a picture, applying for a job or signing up for special offers from third parties through the Website (collectively, “Identification Activities”), we may ask you to provide additional Personally Identifiable Information about yourself. It is optional for you to engage in an Identification Activity, but certain activities require information before you can engage in that activity.

One type of Personally Identifiable Information we collect when you purchase products through the Website is “Payment Information”, which means the information necessary to process a payment from you, including the following: (i) your name as it appears on the card; (ii) the credit card type (VISA, MasterCard, American Express or any other issuer then accepted by us); (iii) a valid credit card number; (iv) the date of expiration of your credit card; (v) your billing address; (vi) your shipping address; and (vii) any activation numbers or codes needed to charge your card. If you have an Account, we will store this information, unless you request us not to do so (for information about making this request, please see Section 6 below). We may use third party payment processors to collect and/or process this information on our behalf.

One of the Services we provide is the Site’s interface with http://www.facebook.com (“Facebook”), through which you may make certain Personally Identifiable Information available to us. You may restrict and edit the Personally Identifiable Information that you make available to us by editing your privacy settings on Facebook. We do not collect or record any Personally Identifiable Information provided through Facebook unless you expressly request us to do so or authorize us to do so in order to provide you certain Services (e.g., requesting membership information or a newsletter subscription). We may collect the information about your use of the application on Facebook or that you otherwise make available through Facebook. If you wish to modify our access to the information you make available through Facebook, you should modify your privacy settings on Facebook.

Use

We want our Website to be the best that it can be for you. This is why we use Personally Identifiable Information to provide products and services to you, administer your Account, process your payments and provide you with services and customer support, administer sweepstakes and contests, enhance the operation of the Website, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze Website use, improve our product and service offerings, and to tailor your experience with certain third parties as provided in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy. When you communicate with us through our Website or by sending us an email, we may collect and store any information that is contained in your communications with us.  In addition, if you use our Website to send information or a product to another person, we may store your and/or their Personally Identifiable Information.

We may also contact you via mail to let you know about these upcoming events, specials or other contests.  We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot issues, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, communicate with you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Website Terms of Service, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.

**Publicly Available Information**

Helping you to protect your information is a vital part of our mission. It is up to you to make sure you are comfortable with the information you choose to provide us and the information you choose to publish. You understand that when you use the Website, certain information you post or provide through the Website, such as your name, profile, comments, collections and reviews, may be shared with other users and posted on publicly available portions of the Website, including without limitation, bulletin and message boards, along with other public forums.  Please keep in mind that if you choose to disclose Personally Identifiable Information when posting comments or other information or content through the Website, this information may become publicly available and may be collected and used by others, including people outside the Tuckernuck community. We will not have any obligations with respect to any information that you post on parts of the Website that are available to others, and we recommend that you use caution when giving out information to others in public forums online or otherwise.  We may also share the information you publish with other third parties.

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information**

Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that is not used or intended to be used to identify a specific individual. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website you visited before coming to our Website, the URL of the website you visit after leaving our Website, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol address. We, and/or our authorized third party service providers and advertisers, may passively collect this information when you visit our Website through the use of electronic tools like Cookies (defined below) and web beacons, as described in Section 8 of this Privacy Policy.

We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Website, analyze trends, improve our internal operations and the content of our software, notify visitors about updates to our Site or Services, customize content for you, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may use this information to contact consumers, on a non-personally-identifiable basis for marketing purposes, and allow third parties to do the same. We may also share this information with third parties to measure and improve the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming.

We may combine Non-Personally Identifiable Information with certain of your Personally Identifiable Information, but we will provide you with notice thereof prior to such combination and offer you the opportunity to opt out of such aggregation. We may also de-identify or anonymize your Personally Identifiable Information (thereby creating Non-Personally Identifiable Information).

**3\. Releasing Personally Identifiable Information**

We will only release your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties in the following situations:

Tuckernuck Vendors: Under most circumstances, the vendors we work closely with to provide you with fantastic deals (referred to as “Tuckernuck Vendors”) like to know the names and emails of the people who purchase their offers in order to redeem those offers and maintain a relationship with their purchasers. As a result, we may share some of your Personally Identifiable Information with Tuckernuck Vendors from whom you have purchased a product or with whom you have otherwise engaged in an Identification Activity. Sharing this Information may allow Tuckernuck Vendors to market directly to you should they choose to do so.

Authorized Third Party Service Providers: We provide services and products through third parties. These “Third Party Service Providers” perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Service Providers to fulfill orders, deliver products and services, send postal or email, administer contests or sweepstakes, remove repetitive information on customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, process credit card payments, operate the Website, troubleshoot, and provide customer service for us.

Business Transfers: As with any other business, we could merge with, or be acquired by another company. If this occurs, the successor company would acquire the information we maintain, including Personally Identifiable Information. However, Personally Identifiable Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy. We may also disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), in the event we have such Affiliates in the future, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.

Protection and the Protection of Others: We reserve the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information as required by law and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Website Terms of Service or other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of the Website, its users or others.

Facebook Connect: The Website allows users to access Facebook to interact with friends and to share on Facebook through Wall and friends’ News Feeds. Once you have connected with Facebook through the Website, you will be able to automatically post recent Tuckernuck activity back to Facebook, and you authorize us to disclose and make such information available through Facebook. If you wish to modify our ability to share your information through Facebook, you should modify your privacy settings on Facebook.

Otherwise: We do not currently sell your Personally Identifiable Information or otherwise disclose it (except as specifically described above), but we reserve the right and may sell such Personally Identifiable Information in the future to third parties, including to third parties whose products or services we believe will be of interest to you.

Generally: This Privacy Policy addresses our use and disclosure of information we collect from and/or about you on the Website or through the Services.  If you disclose information to others, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them.  The use and disclosure restrictions contained in this Privacy Policy will not apply to any third party.  We do not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. Please be aware that any Personally Identifiable Information you make available to us on Facebook may also be made available generally on Facebook, including to third parties, pursuant to your privacy settings on Facebook. Similarly, please be thoughtful about your privacy settings. The Website may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us, including our partner sites. We have no control over, do not review and are not responsible for the privacy policies of or content displayed on such other websites. When you click on such a link, you will leave our Website and go to another site.  During this process, another entity may collect information from you. The Website may also contain links to other websites controlled by us but which operates under different privacy policies.

**4\. Releasing Non-Personally Identifiable Information**

We reserve the right to disclose Non-Personally Identifiable Information publicly without restriction, including to third party vendors who may help us enhance or provide the Site or Services or to third parties.

**5\. Updating and Correcting Your Information**

We provide you the right to access and edit the Personally Identifiable Information you provide us. You may change any of your Personally Identifiable Information by signing into your account and sending us an email at Please indicate your name and email address, and what information you would like to update when you contact us.

We encourage you to promptly update your Personally Identifiable Information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on the Website. We may also be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete Personally Identifiable Information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives and we may also retain Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your use of our Services.  Once we disclose some of your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties, we cannot access that Personally Identifiable Information any longer and cannot force the deletion or modification of any such information by the parties to whom we have made those disclosures.

If you choose to store Payment Information on the site, this is stored on a secure page and you may delete your Payment Information at any time.

**6\. Your Choices on Collection and Use of Information**

As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, although it may be required to engage in certain activities on the Website.

We may send you both administrative and promotional emails. You cannot opt-out of “Administrative Emails”, which relate to your activity on the Website or the Services, and include communication regarding your Account, requests or inquiries, and purchases of products and services. In contrast to Administrative Emails, however, you do have a choice with respect to Promotional Emails. “Promotional Emails” from us advertise our or third party’s products and services, including exclusive discounts and other offers. If you do not want to receive Promotional Emails from us, you may elect to unsubscribe to Promotional Emails at any time after registering by e-mailing us at stayclassy@tnuck.com.[](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606135411id_/http%3A//tnuck.com/pages/helpme@shoptuckernuck.com)[](mailto:stayclassy@tnuck.com?subject=Customer-Service)
