> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eclipptv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080622115556id_/http%3A//eclipptv.com/staticPage.php%3Fpg%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EclippTV

Such Respect We Have For Your Privacy! This privacy policy covers how we treat personal information that we collect and receive. We do not intend to collect any personal information from children under 13 unless we believe such collection to be permitted by law. Please see below for our policy with respect to children under 13. The use of this version of the Eclipptv.com website(s) and/or Eclipptv.com software and any other related software, upgrades or updates and all related services and special offers (the \"Service\") provided by Eclipptv.com (\"Eclipptv.com is subject to the hereunder provisions of this Privacy Policy)

Eclipptv.com takes your privacy seriously. We gather certain types of information about our users and we want to help you understand the terms related to the collection and use of the information, which we collect. This Privacy Policy discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and what choices you have regarding the collection of such information. BY USING OR ACCESSING ANY Eclipptv.com WEBSITE OR DOWNLOADING AND USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (AS HEREUNDER DESCRIBED), ALL IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET HEREUNDER. Eclipptv.com MAY AMEND THIS POLICY FROM TIME TO TIME. If you are under the age of 10, you are not eligible to use the Service, and we ask you not to submit any personal information to us. 

When you register, we ask for your e-mail address, a unique nickname selected by you and other information. Once you are a registered user you can update your profile and may be able to provide additional preferential information.

Any personally identifiable information of yours will not be shared with third parties unless you have consented to the sharing of this information. Eclipptv.com may use this information to present offers to you on behalf of business partners and advertisers. These business partners and advertisers may receive aggregate data about various groups of Eclipptv.com users, but do not receive information that personally identifies you. Not with standing the foregoing, your information may be accessed and disclosed if and as required by legal procedures 

Eclipptv.com may use cookies or similar technologies to enhance and personalize your experience of the Service and/or of Eclipptv.com web sites, including to operate and improve offerings through the Service and/or web sites; to help authenticate your identity when you visit and transact with the Service, and/or web sites; to remember your preferences and registration information; to present and help measure and research the effectiveness of the various offerings, advertisements, and e-mail communications (by determining which e-mails you open and act upon); and to customize the content and advertisements provided to you. Additionally, Eclipptv.com or its advertisers may use other companies known as third party ad servers to help present advertisements online in connection with the Service, and/or web sites. These third party ad servers may use cookies or similar technologies to help present such advertisements, and to help measure and research the advertisements\' effectiveness. The use of these technologies by these third party ad servers is subject to their own privacy policies, not Eclipptv.com. Eclipptv.com does not require that you accept cookies, and you may disable cookies at any time. However, some functionality of our Services and/or web sites may be impaired if you decline to accept cookies. 

Eclipptv.com Service and websites are intended for a general audience, and children under the age of ten (10) are not permitted to register with Eclipptv.com Service and websites. Modification and Deletion of Personally Identifiable Information Deletion (Opt-Out). In order to delete the personally identifiable information you submitted, notify us, to the following email address: support@eclipptv.com that you wish to delete your personally identifiable information or any part thereof contained at our databases. Modification. If you wish to modify or update your personally identifiable information, use the web-site or application interface. If you need help, please contact us at the following email address: support@eclipptv.com Please note that deletion of your personally identifiable information from Eclipptv.com database will not prevent Eclipptv.com from using gathered anonymous information. Third Parties Practices. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices exercised by other provides of products or services, advertisers or other web sites, or companies/people that Eclipptv.com does not own or control, or does not employ or manage.
