> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the airbus.co.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140405033336id_/http%3A//www.airbus.co.nz/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

The internet offers the chance to collect site user information. This information can be personally identifiable information or aggregated information. However your privacy is important to us at Auckland Airbus Ltd and we want to be sure that you understand the terms and conditions relating to the way in which we collect information and the use of that information. This Privacy Policy tells you what information we collect, what we do with it and your rights to view, correct or change it.

**The Information That We Collect**  
Auckland Airbus Ltd operates the website www.airbus.co.nz. As part of our operations we may gather certain types of information about the users of our sites:

1\. Personally Identifiable Information. This is provided by you when you register for services that we offer. Examples of these services could include email newsletters or competitions. Providing this information will always be optional for you however, some services may not be available to you if you chose not to provide the information requested.

2\. Aggregated Data. This information is generated by our systems as they track traffic through our sites. This information does not identify you personally and is not linked to the personally identifiable information that you may have provided.

**What Else We Do with the Personally Identifiable Information**  
We have collected this information in order to provide the best possible service to you while you are visiting our sites. To this end we may use the information that you provide for the following purposes:  
1\. To verify your identity if you need help with a forgotten password or you are having login problems with one of our site services.  
2\. To process any transactions that you might make on our site.  
3\. To help provide any other services that you may request.  
4\. To offer the most relevant information suitable to your and your interests.  
5\. For any marketing, promotional, publicity, direct marketing or market research that we might undertake.  
6\. For any other purposes for which you have given permission.

**What about Cookies?**  
A cookie is a small file that resides on your computer and is recognised by our server when you visit our sites. A cookie does not provide us with any personally identifiable information. It does provide details of your IP address, the computer platform that you use (e.g. Mac or Windows), the browser that you use (e.g. Microsoft Explorer or Netscape) and what domain you are accessing our sites from. With this information we can do the following:  
1\. Track traffic patterns to our site.  
2\. Ensure that the most relevant content is being shown.  
3\. Allow you to enter certain site member services without having to log in each time you visit.

If you would rather we did not use cookies to access this information, you can refuse them by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You will still be able to visit our sites if you have turned off or deleted cookies from your hard drive.

**Security**  
When we collect personal information, reasonable steps are taken to keep that information secure and to protect that information from misuse or loss, and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Please note however that total security of data transmission over the internet cannot be guaranteed as being completely secure. Hence, we cannot guarantee and we do not warrant the security of information transmitted to us over the internet and you acknowledge that you do so at your own risk.

**What about our Advertisers and Business Partners?**  
This Privacy Policy only relates to our sites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the practices of our advertisers or business partners. Our site may contain links to other sites. You should check their privacy policies before providing personally identifiable information to them or any other third party.

**Opting In and Opting Out**  
You will always have the option to opt in to certain services and to opt out of those services at any stage. This means you may change your mind at any stage about participating in any of our member services.

**Can we Change this Policy?**  
In order to reflect the fact that our business is growing constantly, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time. We will notify site users of any changes to the Privacy Policy.

**Your Right to Access Your Information**  
The Privacy Act of 1993 gives you the right to access and correct this information. To find out more about how to do this, please contact us at:  
Auckland Airbus Limited  
Po box 53-164  
Auckland Airport 2150  
Auckland, New Zealand
