> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the airportwifi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-03-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110317042557id_/http%3A//airportwifi.com/en/AWG/help/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AWG-Home

Your privacy is very important to us. Because we gather certain types of information about you when you use this website, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement (this "Statement") discloses the privacy practices for the websites and registration pages accessed using the WiFi System at this Airport (the "Website") - what information we gather, how we use it and how to correct or change it. This Statement only addresses our activities from our servers. Other websites on the Internet (including those to which the Website links and third party sites or services with which the Website may have relationships) may have their own privacy policies and practices, which we do not control, and we are not responsible for, nor do we endorse such practices or policies.

## General Privacy Information 

The Website contains links to partners, advertisers and third party Internet sites and services that may collect data in connection with sweepstakes, promotions, e-commerce, etc. They each have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of the Website and the Website has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily and publicly disclose personal information on any online service or web site - for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Further, while we take reasonable steps to protect your personal information using the security and other measures set forth herein, the Website cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.

## Collection and Use of Information

The Website collects information about you both from what you tell us through registration pages (see Registration below) and what we collect through the use of cookies (see Cookies below). Information collected about you is used in two different ways. Information is "aggregated" -- meaning that the information from many users is grouped together in a way that does not disclose the personal information of any particular user. We may use this aggregated information to determine user traffic statistics for the Website (including without limitation to determine browser usage, duration of stay, the referring URL, IP address geographical location, etc.) and to evaluate which products and services are successful and which ones are not, and in order to evaluate which new services we should make available on the Website. We may use only the anonymous click stream data to help our advertisers deliver better-targeted advertisements. In addition, the Website may use personal information collected through cookies and registration pages to target e-commerce promotions and telemarketing activities for products and services related to the Website and/or its sponsors, advertisers and business partners. In addition, some of your personal information may be shared with third parties who assist the Website in producing its Web sites or provide a service to the Website's users. 

## Registration

Anyone who signs up for Internet access on the Internet Access Signup Page on the Website is asked for certain identifying information in order to process your order. In addition, anyone who participates in interactive activities on the Website (contests, surveys, product purchase, membership programs, etc.) on the Website' may be asked to register for a free guest ID and password or to complete subscription registration for a member ID and password. We use customer contact information from this registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our sponsors, advertisers and business partners. Users may always opt-out of receiving any such information either by responding to the relevant communication as directed or by contacting this Website (see Contacting the Website and Changing Your Personal Information below). Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary for customer service reasons. Unique identifiers, such as ID and passwords, are collected to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.

## Children Under the Age of 13

We do not currently knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. Under certain circumstances, visitors may be asked to submit a screen name as a means of identifying communications to the Website. Children of any age should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to anyone online. If in the future, the Website collects personally identifiable information from children, it will do so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (is U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) 

## Cookies

A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. This random number lets us keep track of "how many" times customers are doing specific things - like visiting the Website each month - without really knowing who those customers are. We also use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your member ID. Additionally, after you've entered your member ID and password during a session on our service, we save that information so you don't have to reenter it repeatedly during that session. Users should be aware that the Website cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information placed by advertisers or third parties hosting data or running advertisements or promotions for the Website. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies maybe necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the Website.

## Surveys

We may conduct surveys on the Website in which we ask visitors for their email address and demographic information. We use this data to tailor our visitors’ experience at the Website, showing them content and promotional offers that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. Except as explained below, generally, this information is shared with sponsors, advertisers and business partners of the Website only on an aggregate basis. However, we may use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company and promotional material from the Website or some of our sponsors, advertisers or business partners. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings either by responding to the relevant communication as directed or by contacting this Website (see Contacting the Website and Changing Your Personal Information below) and may choose not to participate.

## Contests

We may run contests or promotions on the Website in which we ask visitors for a Website ID and password. We use contact data from our contests and promotions to send users information about upcoming contests and promotional offers. On occasion we will send customers promotional material from some of our sponsors, advertisers or business partners. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary for winner notification and prize delivery confirmation. The majority of the contests that we offer are hosted on the Website; however, there may be cases in which a third party sponsor will host the contest and collect user information. In those cases, we urge users to review the privacy statement of the third party site. Users may opt out of receiving future contest mailings either by responding to the relevant communication as directed or by contacting this Website (see Contacting the Website and Changing Your Personal Information below), and may choose not to participate.

## Newsletter

We may offer a number of free newsletters to share content information about the Website with interested users. We use contact data from our newsletter subscriptions to send users the newsletter. On occasion we will email customers promotional material from some of our sponsors, advertisers or business partners. Users may cancel their free email subscriptions and other communications by following the simple instructions at the bottom of each newsletter or email, or by contacting this Website (see Contacting the Website and Changing Your Personal Information below). 

## Security 

Please be advised that once you use the WiFi System to access the Website you are subject to the security practices and policies of the WiFi System. We strongly recommend that you take measures to ensure the security of your Internet connections. Like any high-speed service, including DSL and cable, the WiFi System is not inherently secure. Although the WiFi System supports customer-initiated security solutions such as virtual private networks, encryption and personal firewalls, it does not provide these solutions for customers' use and we cannot guarantee or otherwise be responsible for their effectiveness. It is the customer's responsibility to adopt those security measures that are best suited to their situation.

With respect to information about you collected on the Website, all user contact information is contained behind a "firewall" and only accessible by a limited number of personnel who have special access rights to production systems. Passwords are stored in the Website's secure database, which is also located behind a firewall. The Website does not itself process credit card information. All credit information supplied by users is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted in the third party credit card processor’s database. 

## Contacting the Web Site and Changing Your Personal Information 

If you have any questions about this Statement, the practices of the Website with respect to personal information or your dealings with this Web site, or wish to access or change the personal information we have about you, you can contact us at [info@awgwifi.com](mailto:info@awgwifi.com).   

