> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the youlean.co privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190328075019id_/https%3A//youlean.co/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Youlean

You will only be asked for information that is absolutely necessary for our services. Under no circumstances will your personal data be sold or otherwise passed on to third parties.

[https://youlean.co](https://web.archive.org/web/20190328075019id_/https://youlean.co/privacy-policy/%C2%A0https://youlean.co) automatically collects and stores information transmitted by your internet browser. These are:

  * Browser type, version
  * Operating system
  * url of the referrer (previously visited webpage)
  * Host name (ip address) of the computer
  * Date and time of the server request



This data is anonymous, it cannot be linked to specific persons by Youlean, and is not processed together with data from other sources. After statistical evaluation, such data is deleted from our server.

To make our website more user-friendly, effective and secure, cookies (small text files saved on your computer by your browser) are used at several points. Most of them are session cookies, and are automatically deleted when you leave our website. Cookies can not damage your computer, nor do they contain malware. Third party services we use such as Google Analytics may also create cookies during your visit to our website.

If you wish to stop accepting cookies from the websites you visit you can change your browser behaviour. Please refer to your browser’s help documents for more details.

To receive our newsletter we need a valid email address as well as information allowing us to check that the owner of that email address actually wishes to receive the newsletter. Any other information requested is optional (eg. first and last name). Permission to store this data, including the email address used to send the newsletter, can be withdrawn at any time.

You have the right to demand access to your personal data at any time, including origin, recipient and the use(s) to which your data has been put.

We value the trust of our customers, which is why we remain accountable for all personal data stored on our server. If you require more detailed information concerning our privacy policy, please use contact form here: <https://youlean.co/contact>

This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how customers use the site. The tool uses cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including ip address) is transmitted to Google.

We will never use (nor allow any third party to use) the statistical analytics tool to track or collect any Personally Identifiable Information about visitors to our site. Google will not associate your ip address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link or attempt to link an ip address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
