> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the youngandraw.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130404130816id_/http%3A//www.youngandraw.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Young and Raw

PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE OR ANY OF ITS SERVICES.

1\. BACKGROUND: Young and Raw, LLC (“Young and Raw”, “we”, “us” “our”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of the users of youngandraw.com (the “Site”) and its related services (“Services”). This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is intended to provide you with the necessary information regarding your personal information as it relates to the Site’s various Services. These Services include all content on the Site, and all interactions, communications, or other contact in relation to coaching services, and all commercial purchases made through the Site.

This Policy is intended to help you understand the kind of information we may gather, the manner in which it is used or disclosed, and the reasonable efforts we make to protect that information. Young and Raw reserves the right to change the Policy from time to time to reflect changes to the Site or to address new issues. These changes may or may not be made with notice and it is your ongoing responsibility to monitor the terms of this Policy. By visiting the Site or utilizing its Services you are accepting the policies and practices described in this Policy. Each time you visit the Site or use its Services you agree and expressly consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of the information that you provide as described in this Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy you must immediately leave the Site and not use its Services.

2\. SCOPE OF PRIVACY POLICY: This Policy applies to this Site only. It does not apply to your use of any website whose links appear on the Site. When you choose to link to a third party website the applicable terms of that website will control your privacy rights. Young and Raw does not review, approve, or endorse the terms of any third party website and has no control over how those sites use your personal information.

3\. PERSONAL INFORMATION: Information collected via a website can be personal (name, address, credit card information) or non-personal (cookies, web beacons, IP addresses). Both personal and non-personal information is necessary for the proper administration of the Site, as well as providing the best possible product to the consumer. With respect to personal information, Young and Raw will only collect the personal information you voluntarily submit. We reasonably endeavor to ensure that we never intentionally disclose any personal identification information to any third party without first receiving your permission.

In particular we offer a direct coaching program in which representatives from Young and Raw will communicate directly with you regarding dietary, health and nutritional philosophies. In addition, various products may be offered for sale on the Site, produced by both Young and Raw and other third parties. In order to properly administer these Services it will be necessary for you to provide certain personal information including name, address, phone number, email address, credit card information, and other such personal data as may be necessary to properly complete the transaction.

In addition, the personal information you provide to us, may also be used in connection with cookies and web beacons (discussed below) to improve your experience while using the Site and its Services, including remembering your preferences, customizing content or advertising you may see. Occasionally we may email you products or additional services we think you may be interested in for marketing purposes.  
4\. NON PERSONAL INFORMATION, COOKIES, WEB BEACONS, AND IP ADDRESS: We collect the following non-personal information without limitation: i) “Cookies”: A “cookie” is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system, ii) “Internet Protocol Address” or “IP Address”: An “IP Address” is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you are on the Internet. When you request pages from our Site, our servers log your IP address, iii) “Web Beacons”: A “web beacon” or “clear gif” is a small graphic image on a webpage or web-based document that a website uses to determine information about a user.

These types of non-personal information are collected and used to improve the quality of use of the Site. For example cookies can control the type of advertising that is displayed on your browser. Cookies and web beacons can track the date and time you used the Site, language preferences, and other data that help make the web navigation experience easy and convenient. We, or our service providers, may use your IP address when you access the Site to assist with delivery of geographically targeted advertisements.

5\. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION: We may share your personal information with third parties with or without your permission as described below. If you do not want your personal data disclosed in the manner described below then do not use this Site or its Services.

A. LEGAL DISCLOSURE: We will always respond to valid legal inquiries from law enforcement or related third parties. This may include release of your personal information in order to respond to a warrant, subpoena, court order, or as may be required by any law, regulation, or statute. If at any time we suspect your use of the Site or its Services is in connection with some illegal, fraudulent, or abusive activity we will take the steps we reasonable believe necessary to disrupt such activity.

B. AGENTS AND CONTRACTORS: In order to properly administer the Site and its Services we may use the services of certain agents and contractors. It may be necessary to provide your personal information to these entities who work on our behalf to help us operate our business, the Site, and its Services. These entities may include companies or individuals who provide us with technology services, data research and analysis, advertising and marketing strategies, customer service, and other functions necessary to the Site and its Services. Access to your personal information will be limited to the information that is reasonable necessary to perform each specific task.

C. ANONYMOUS INFORMATION: We may share aggregate user data with third parties.  
Aggregate information would be the combined data of all or part of our users such as number of users from a particular geographical region, or gender or age demographic data.

6\. YOUR CONTROL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION: It is your decision to provide your personal information when you purchase a product or service on the Internet. If at anytime you wish to limit or discontinue your use of the Site or its Services, you may do so. However, once you terminate your use of the Site we may still retain certain personal information in our databases and servers. In addition, we are not responsible for updating or removing your personal information contained in the lists or databases of third parties who have been provided information as permitted by this Policy.

We may from time to time use your personal information to send promotional communications to you. The communications will be for products or services we feel may be of use to you, or that you are interested in based on prior information you have provided. You will have the ability to “opt-out”  
of these communications by unsubscribing as directed in the promotional email or newsletter you receive.

7\. THIRD PARTY LINKS: This Site may link to websites operated by third parties who are not affiliated with Young and Raw. We offer these links as a convenience but we do not monitor, control, or endorse the information, collection or privacy practices of any third parties. It is your responsibility to become familiar with the privacy practices of every website you visit and to contact them directly with questions about their specific policies. This Policy applies to information collected by Young and Raw on this Site only. It does not apply to third party websites whose links appear on our Site. We do not endorse or recommend the products, services, or content of any third party website linked to our Site.

8\. MINORS: This Site and its Services are not directed at or intended for children under the age of 13.  
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect the personal information of children. If you are under the age of 13 you should not use the Site or its Service without the express permission of a parent or guardian. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”) provides parents with the federal rules and regulation regarding the collection and sharing of the personal information of a child. We do not intend for unsupervised children to visit or use this Site. We strongly encourage any concerned parent to contact us at info@youngandraw.com if they feel we have unknowingly received personal information about a child.

9\. SECURITY: We take every reasonable step possible to ensure the security of your personal information. However, no security system is impenetrable and the information on our servers cannot be guaranteed complete protection. Accordingly we make no guarantee or warranty as to the security of your personal information. Information transmitted over the Internet is always at risk and you must make intelligent decisions when providing personal data online.

10\. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY: We reserve the right to change, alter, modify, add or remove language from the Policy at any time without prior notice. Your continued use of this Site and its Services after this Policy has been amended is considered you acceptance of those changes. Changes are effective immediately unless we advise you otherwise. It is your ongoing responsibility to monitor the terms of this Policy and to discontinue use of the Site or its Services if you do not agree with any changes.

11\. CONTACT: If you have questions regarding this Policy you may contact us at info@youngandraw.com.

Effective Date: July 13, 2012
