> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yourwebsitevalue.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150428090256id_/http%3A//www.yourwebsitevalue.com/page/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE OUR WEBSITE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY.**  


This Privacy Policy will apply to the website that you are visiting, YourWebsiteValue.com (the "Website"), which is owned by YourWebsiteValue.com (the "Company").

Company and its subsidiary companies respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected from you. We have adopted a corporate wide Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use the information you provide online. Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by Company and its subsidiaries, and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Company at the email address or postal address specified on the Website.

INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE

Our primary goal in collecting personally identifiable information is to provide you with the products and services made available through the Website, including, but not limited to our services, to communicate with you, and to manage your registered user account, if you have one.

 **Information Collected Upon Registration** : If you desire to have access to certain restricted sections of the Website, you will be required to become a registered user, and to submit certain personally identifiable information to Company. This happens in a number of instances, such as when you sign up for our services, or if you desire to receive marketing materials and information. Personally identifiable information that we may collect in such instances may include your full name, email address, and other information that you decide to provide us with, or that you decide to include in your public profile.

 **Use of Contact Information** : In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information about, our products and services, including but not limited to our services. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.

 **Log Data** : When you visit the Website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website as Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the websites you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider the IP address will be different every time you log on. We use Log Data to monitor the use of the Website and of our Service, and for the Website's technical administration. We do not associate your IP address with any other personally identifiable information to identify you personally, except in case of violation of the Terms of Service.

 **Cookies** : We use cookies and other technologies to passively collect demographic information, personalize your experience on our site and monitor advertisements and other activities. Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to track movements within web sites. We may link cookie information to personal information. Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store or pages you have viewed. This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Also, we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor Website usage. Some of our sites use an outside ad company to display ads. These ads may contain cookies. Our ad companies collect cookies received with banner ads, and Company does not have access to this information. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so. Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by Company only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

 **Third Party Services** : Users may register for other services from our Website. Certain products and/or services available on our Website are provided to you in partnership with third parties' and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services. Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration. If you elect to register for such products and/or services, your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third parties' and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties'. We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third parties' and, therefore, you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third parties' prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services.

 **Service Providers** : We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including, without limitation, hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We will share your personally identifiable information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your data.

 **Business Transfers** : We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your personally identifiable information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity's planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
