> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yourlocaledge.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130829032422id_/http%3A//www.yourlocaledge.com/Home/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Your Local Edge - Private Label Marketing Services

## Privacy Policy

We recognize that your data is very personal and sensitive. This Privacy Policy explains our commitment to protecting your privacy, with regard to your use of yourlocaledge.com ("Web Site") and the Your Local Edge tools and services available from the Web Site ("Service").

* * *

### Information We Collect

There are two main types of information we collect: (1) information you input yourself once logged in to the Service, which is primarily your keyword, lander, and backlink information, as well as the information generated by our system from this information ("User Content"); and (2) information customarily logged by web server software, including the date and time of your visit, the originating IP address, the pages and images requested ("Usage Data").

Additionally, we collect information from those who communicate with us via e-mail or our website, and information volunteered by consumers, such as the information you provide during registration ("Registration and Billing Data"), and contact form submissions and E-Mails ("Correspondance Data").

* * *

### How Information is Used

"Usage Data" and "Correspondance Data" is used to help us understand how the Service is being used and to help us improve the Service.

"Registration and Billing Data" is used for billing purposes and to notify you about important service-related notices.

E-Mail addresses collected will be used to communicate with you regarding the Service. We communicate such things as announcements of new features, changes to Terms of Use/Privacy Policy, information about systems outages, and other Service-related announcements.

Unless you request otherwise, we may use the name of your website and screenshots from your website in advertisments promoting Your Local Edge.

All information may be disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the Terms of Use and policies governing the Service and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Service.

* * *

### Technology

Certain browsing sessions are secured with SSL, to prevent eavesdropping, tampering, and message forgery. If SSL is enabled, you will see a lock icon in your browser.

Cookies: Use of the Service requires support for cookies, small pieces of data that are stored on your computer's hard drive and transmitted back to the Service with each web page request. A cookie simply identifies your browser to the Service by assigning it a unique ID number, which enables us to associate your session with your account.

* * *

### Other Provisions

Your use of the Service is governed by a Terms of Service, which will prevail in the event of a conflict with this document.

This Privacy Policy does not describe information collection practices on other sites, including those linked to or from the Web Site.

We use third parties to facilitate our business, such as co-location and server rental, payment processing, and news feeds. In connection with these offerings and business operations, our service providers may have access to your information for use for a limited time in connection with these business activities. Where we utilize third parties for the processing or storing of any information, we have ensured that they will fully comply with this Privacy Policy.

Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies and other methods to help us study usage patterns on the Service. Information generated from your use of the Service will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of preparing reports regarding aggregate use of the Service. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.

* * *

### Changes to this Privacy Policy

Your Local Edge, LLC reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a new Privacy Policy at this location and alerting paying customers of such change via E-Mail. Any change(s) to this Privacy Policy will take effect thirty (30) days after such changes have been posted. Your continued use of the Service following such changes will indicate your acceptance of those changes.

This document was last updated on Oct 14, 2012.

* * *
