> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yourtopbrands.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061219131347id_/http%3A//www.yourtopbrands.com/lch.php%3Flk%3D421%26bid%3D12) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# YourTopBrands Privacy Policy

http://www.YourTopBrands.com **  
**  
  
**Privacy Policy**

Last Updated: May 30, 2006

YourTopBrands, a division of Active Response, LLC (Active Response, LLC and YourTopBrands are collectively referred to herein as "YourTopBrands" ) values its users and their concerns about privacy. To this end, YourTopBrands engages in consistent information practices and uses reasonable commercial efforts to clearly disclose those practices. This Privacy Policy is a part of that effort. The instances in which YourTopBrands collects, stores, uses and discloses information through your use of the YourTopBrands Service, including the YourTopBrands network of sites (the "Service"), are specifically described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is part of the End User License Agreement ("EULA") to which you agreed and all terms, unless otherwise defined, shall have the meanings assigned to them in the EULA. **By using the Service, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service and do not disclose any information to us.** ****

**What does this Privacy Policy cover?**  
This Privacy Policy applies to the collection, use, storage and disclosure of information by YourTopBrands through your use of the Service. If there are any exceptions, we will clearly disclose them prior to collecting any information, and will give you an opportunity to choose not to participate or provide the information. By using the Service, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we outline in this Privacy Policy.  YourTopBrands  may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post any changes here so that you are always informed of the information we collect, how we use it, and the circumstances under which we disclose it. Please be aware that the Service provides links to Web sites operated by third parties, including the sponsors of our offers ("Sponsors").

**Third Party Ads**

YourTopBrandsuses third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Service. These companies use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visit to the Service and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know you choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: www.advertising.com/privacy.html.

**What information does YourTopBrands collect and use and what ways (if any) does YourTopBrands share this information with third parties?**

YourTopBrands is not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices or the content of these third party Web sites, including web sites operated by our Sponsors and advertisers. YourTopBrands may collect any or all of the following types of information: (a) traffic or clickstream data, (b) cookies, (c) Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses, or (d) contact information and other personally identifying information. YourTopBrands collection and use of each type of data is described below, as well as the ways in which the data may be shared with third parties.

**(a) Traffic or Clickstream Data**. Data about traffic and usage is not personally identifying or identifiable, and is not supplemented or combined with personally identifying or identifiable information. YourTopBrands may share information it collects with certain selected third parties, but only in aggregated, anonymous form. For example, we may tell an advertiser or Sponsor that a certain number of people visited a certain area of our Web site or signed up for one of our Sponsor offers. YourTopBrands collects some information regarding use of the Service by observing browser functions and the files (pages) users access. For example, YourTopBrands's servers collect information about the site from which you entered to enable YourTopBrands to calculate and pay its affiliates, check for fraudulent behavior or other abnormalities and to ensure that our Service is technically superior. In addition to the foregoing applications, YourTopBrands uses the information (in aggregate form) to better design the Service.  


**(b) Cookies**. Like many sites, YourTopBrands collects information about online behavior using cookies. These cookies contain identification information that enables us to offer you the most relevant advertisements and other content. Cookies let us know about repeat visitors and if we are delivering quality products and services. YourTopBrands may also use cookies to identify which sites our repeat visitors are coming from, so that we can place more of our online advertising on these sites, and can, where necessary, pay our affiliates and other business partners. To YourTopBrands, using information within cookies is an anonymous way to survey how we are doing and to look for ways to improve the value of the Service to you. You may set your browser software to reject cookies, but you may not be able to use all of the features of the Service. YourTopBrands may share information about usage of the Service with third parties, but only in aggregated, anonymous form, including to report the results of advertising campaigns and the results of the campaigns to our Sponsors. Reporting and analyzing the performance of offers and advertisements improves our ability to serve the right offer at the right time, increasing the value to you.  


**(c) IP Addresses**. An Internet Protocol ("IP") address is a set of numbers that is automatically assigned to your computer each time you connect to the Internet. When you use your web browser to request a web page from another computer on the Internet, your web browser automatically gives that computer your IP address so that the data you request can be sent to your computer. Through your IP address, YourTopBrands may track your Internet usage. YourTopBrandsmay strip a portion of numbers from your IP address and provide such information to our third-party sponsors. This information collected by YourTopBrandsthough your IP address is not personally identifiable.  


**(d) Contact Information or Personally Identifying Information**. YourTopBrands may obtain access to your name, e-mail address, street address, phone number, wireless phone number, gender, marital status, year of birth and may obtain other contact and personally identifiable information when you: (1) register for the Service; (2) participate in a YourTopBrands survey; or (3) contact YourTopBrands in connection with problems, comments or requests. When you opt-in to receive one of our Sponsor's offers, the personally identifiable information you provided to us is provided to each of the Sponsors whose offers you elected to receive. When you opt-in to participate in certain offers that state that your personally identifiable information may be shared with a number of Sponsors, the personally identifiable information you provide to us may be provided to a number of Sponsors who are interested in providing offers that may be of interest to you. By opting in you agree that each Sponsor whose offer you elect to receive may contact you using the email address, telephone or wireless number, or other registration information you provided to YourTopBrands, including without limitation, by direct mail, email and telemarketing (including calling your wireless telephone number), which may also include the use of automated telephone dialing equipment. To the extent that the contact information you provide includes your wireless telephone number, you acknowledge that your wireless telephone carrier may charge you for receiving incoming calls and messages. You may unsubscribe to these offers at any time. o the extent the contact information you provide to YourTopBrands includes that for one or more wireless devices, your provision of such information represents your agreement to be contacted thereby via email, text messaging or telemarketing, and your receipt of notice that your wireless provider may charge you in connection with receipt of incoming calls or messages and that you may revoke authorization to be contacted by such means at any time. You should note that if you unsubscribe from one of our Sponsor's offers you may still receive information from the other Sponsors. Please see additional terms relating to specific Sponsors at the end of this Privacy Policy.

**In addition, unless you opt-out of receiving information about offers or promotions from third parties other than Sponsors ("Third Parties") with whom you may have no relationship, YourTopBrands  may disclose your personally identifiable information to such Third Parties. YourTopBrands may share your information with these Third Parties if it believes those parties may have special offers that may be of interest to you. These Third Parties may bring you the directed offers through direct mail, email and telemarketing. You may opt-out of receiving information about offers and promotions from Third Parties at any time by setting your Communication Preferences in the [Customer Status Center](http://www.yourtopbrands.com/status) at [http://www.YourTopBrands.com/status](http://www.yourtopbrands.com/status). Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may still receive information from Third Parties to whom YourTopBrands disclosed your personally identifiable information to prior to the time you opted-out. You should contact each Third Party in the event that you no longer want to receive information from that Third Party. **

Contact information provided in connection with problems, comments or requests is used only to respond to those problems, comments or requests. This information is not stored or used in connection with traffic or clickstream data and is provided to a third party only as necessary to respond to the comment, problem or request. When you choose to participate in a contest or gift offer promotion, YourTopBrands uses such information to notify you if you win the contest or qualify for the gift offer. YourTopBrands also uses such information to provide a better, more relevant experience for you. 

In order to provide the products or services you requested, YourTopBrands may disclose the information we collect to companies that perform services on our behalf, such as the credit reporting agencies from which we obtain your credit reports, credit card processors, email communications management firms or call center providers. Our third party service providers are contractually limited to using the information received from YourTopBrands solely for the purposes of providing you with the services you requested.

YourTopBrands may also disclose the information it collects if required by law. In addition, as companies grow and change, we may buy and sell companies, subsidiaries and assets. In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the transferred business assets. In the event that YourTopBrands is acquired, your information may be one of the transferred assets.

**Is data stored by YourTopBrands secure?**  
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, YourTopBrands has put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information it collects online. However, data security is a constantly evolving art and science. You should consider any communication that you transmit to YourTopBrands (such as data, questions or answers, comments, or suggestions) as non-confidential, and agree that YourTopBrands will not be liable or responsible if information that belongs to you is intercepted and used by an unintended recipient.

**Does YourTopBrands collect personally identifying information from or about children?**  
YourTopBrands uses commercially reasonable efforts not to collect, use or disclose individually identifiable information from children under the age of 14. The Services are limited to United States residents who are 18 years old and over. 

**How can I access or correct any personally identifying information about me?**  
To request a copy of the personally identifiable information you have sent to YourTopBrands, please send an e-mail containing your request to [privacy@YourTopBrands.com](mailto:privacy@YourTopBrands.com). You must provide your full name and the e-mail from which the request is received (and to which the response will be sent) must match the e-mail on file with YourTopBrands. You may then correct or delete such information using the procedures specified in the e-mail.

** TERMS FOR SPECIFIC THIRD PARTY SPONSORS**

**_Central Florida Investments, Inc. and Westgate Resorts, Ltd._**

If you indicated a vacation preference and responded to the vacation question on page 2 of the registration process, you agree that your personally identifiable information will be disclosed to Central Florida Investments, Inc, and Westgate Resorts, Ltd (collectively, "Westgate") and you will be considered to have made a business inquiry of Westgate, despite that neither entity is otherwise affiliated with or responsible for content contained on this Site. By indicating a vacation preference and responding to this vacation question, you have made a business inquiry of Westgate and agree that Westgate may contact you by telephone, including contacting you using an automated telephone dialing system, prerecorded message, or by email. You agree to hold Westgate and its affiliates harmless from and release and indemnify them and their agents and employees from any and all liability that may arise from your entering your personal information through the Service. You agree and acknowledge that Westgate may disclose your personally identifiable information to unrelated third parties. 

** ConnectionClub.com**

If you indicated that you are single to the "Marital Status" question on page 2 of the registration process, you agree that you expressly provide consent for ConnectionClub.com to contact you by email, telephone or other means, including contacting you using an automated telephone dialing system, prerecorded message.

**How do I find out more about YourTopBrands information practices?**  
If you have any questions about anything in this Privacy Policy, or about collection of personally identifiable information, or information generally, please contact YourTopBrands as follows: 

Legal Department   
YourTopBrands c/o Active Response, LLC    
303 Park Avenue, #1079  
New York, New York 10010  
e-mail:  [privacy@YourTopBrands.com](mailto:privacy@YourTopBrands.com)

You may also use the above contact information if you think any information about you is inaccurate, incomplete, or if you want to change the sort of information about you that YourTopBrands may have collected.
