> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yourmedicalnews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160315192646id_/http%3A//yourmedicalnews.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Your Medical News

**Yourmedicalnews**

_Last Modified: December 14, 2015_

## Privacy Statement

This Privacy Policy applies to this website located at [http://www.yourmedicalnews.com](http://www.cookingli.com/) (the “Web Site”), which is owned and operated by Web Value, Inc. d/b/a Complete Sport News (“Yourmedicalnews”, “we” or “us”). This Privacy Policy describes what information is collected by us from any user of the Web Site (collectively or individually “User(s),” “yourself,” or “you”), as well as our use and disclosure of that information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, as it acts as an official Terms of Use statement, which governs Your use of the Web Site. Your use of our Web Site indicates to us that You have read and accepted our privacy practices, as outlined in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.

MINORS UNDER THE AGE OF 18 MUST NOT PROVIDE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION, INCLUDING THEIR EMAIL ADDRESS, TO YOURMEDICALNEWS. IF YOURMEDICALNEWS IS NOTIFIED IT HAS PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT A MINOR UNDER THE AGE OF 18, THAT INFORMATION WILL BE PROMPTLY DELETED FROM OUR DATABASE.

## Applicability

Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to the Web Site owned and/or operated by, and upon which Yourmedicalnews has placed a “link” which, when “clicked”, transfers You to this Privacy Policy. It is not applicable to any web sites which are not owned and operated by Yourmedicalnews. While on our Web Site, You may encounter links to these web sites or online material. If You “click” on a link to such a third party, the “click” takes You off our Web Site and transfers You to a third party’s web site, which is beyond Yourmedicalnews’ control. These other web sites may set their own cookies, collect data, and/or have their own privacy policies. This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at the Web Site, and does not cover any information collected by any other web site. We encourage You to review the privacy policy of any other web site You visit.

In addition, please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information You may disclose publicly in any chat rooms, message boards, or similar web pages. You should keep in mind that whenever You publicly disclose information about yourself online – for example, via message boards or chat rooms – that information could be collected and used by people that You do not know. In addition, certain message boards and similar user forums may display IP addresses (as defined below) along with the message poster’s name and message. Yourmedicalnews bears no responsibility for any action or policies of any third parties who collect any information users may disclose on the message boards, chat areas or other user forums, if any, on the Web Site.

## Information Yourmedicalnews Collects

**Personally Identifiable Information:**  Personally identifiable information is information that could reasonably be used to identify You personally (such as Your name, address, birth date or e-mail address), which we refer to in this Privacy Policy as “PII.” Generally, You may browse our Web Site without providing us with PII. However, there may be times when we ask You to provide us with certain PII, such as when You choose to register with our Web Site and/or for newsletters or choose to participate in an online contest, sweepstakes, survey or voting procedure. we may also ask You to provide us with demographic information or information regarding Your interests, hobbies or similar information. Yourmedicalnews reserves the right, at any time, to add features to our Web Site that require You to register or otherwise provide PII, including credit card information, or to require registration to access our Web Site, or a portion of our Web Site. You can choose not to provide certain information, but You may not be able to take advantage of, or participate in, some of the Web Site’s features. We may combine the information we collect with information available from other sources, including information received from promotional partners or other third parties. We may provide You the opportunity to e-mail a friend an article, electronic greeting card or other special feature from our Web Site. The e-mail addresses You supply us for those activities will be used to send the requested e-mail and will not be used to send You or Your friend any other e-mail communications.

**The Web Site does not knowingly collect PII from children under thirteen (13) years of age:**  This is not a web site directed to children under the age of 13, and Yourmedicalnews does not knowingly collect any information from children under 13 years of age at the Web Site. If You are under 13 years of age, do not send any information about yourself to Yourmedicalnews. If Yourmedicalnews discovers that a child under the age of 13 has provided the Web Site with PII, Yourmedicalnews will delete that child’s PII from its system.  
**Anonymous Information:**  When You visit the Web Site, our web servers automatically collect web site usage information. Web site usage information is anonymous information that describes how our visitors use and navigate our Web Site, and it includes the number and frequency of visitors to each web page and the length and depth of their stays. We collect the anonymous information automatically sent to us by Your web browser, such as browser type, referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting our Web Site, and IP address. We also may determine what technology is available through Your browser in order to serve You the most appropriate version of a web page. For example, we may determine that You have installed a version of Flash, and we will then send You the appropriate Flash version of the web page rather than an HTML page.

**IP Addresses:**  An IP address is a number that is assigned to Your computer or network when You are on the Internet. When visitors request pages from our Web Site, our servers log the visitor’s IP address. We may collect IP addresses for a variety of internal purposes, such as system administration, to report aggregate information to our business partners or to audit the number of visits to different pages on our Web Site. Please note that some services within our Web Site, such as certain message boards, may display IP addresses along with the message poster’s name and message.

**Cookies:**  Cookies are information files that our Web Site may place on Your computer to provide extended functionality and to personalize Your experience at our Web Site. We may use cookies for a number of purposes. For example, we may use cookies to track usage patterns on the Web Site and we may use cookies to serve relevant ads based on Your expressed interests on websites within our network of online publishers. Or, we may use cookies to record registration and personalization information, enabling You to save Your user name and password. We do not store any PII in cookies, but we may link the cookie to any information we collect. You can, of course, disable cookies on Your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in Your browser. However, it is possible that some parts of the Web Site will not operate correctly if You disable cookies. You should consult with Your browser’s provider/manufacturer if You have any questions regarding disabling cookies. To learn more about cookies in general, please visit [http://www.cookiecentral.com](http://www.cookiecentral.com/).

To opt out of other ad networks that serve interest-based advertisements please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.

**Web Beacons** **:** A web beacon is programming code in a web page or email, which unobtrusively allows checking that a user has accessed the content. This technology can transfer an individual’s user identification to a database and associate the individual with previously acquired information about the individual. Yourmedicalnews uses web beacons to track which websites you have visited and which advertisements you have viewed. Web beacons help determine products or services in which you may be interested and help track online behaviors for marketing purposes. More information about web beacons is available at <http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/W/Web_beacon.html>.

## Yourmedicalnews’ Use and Disclosure of Collected Information

**Yourmedicalnews:**   Information voluntarily provided to Yourmedicalnews or lawfully obtained by Yourmedicalnews is the property of Yourmedicalnews and may be used for marketing purposes, which includes the sale, lease, or transfer of the information to third parties. We may also use Your PII to contact You regarding Your use of our Web Site or changes to our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use or other policy or terms that affect You and Your use of our Web Site. If You e-mail someone else an article, electronic greeting card or other special feature from our Web Site, we will use the information You provide about someone else to send that person the requested e-mail. Yourmedicalnews may use information collected about our users to improve the content and navigation of our Web Site, or for other internal purposes.

**Third parties providing services on our behalf:**  Yourmedicalnews may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on its behalf such as cookies and web beacons provided by third parties. Third parties placing advertisements on the internet may collect information about you, by using their own cookies, web beacons, and other technology. Third parties use of such technology is not under Yourmedicalnews’ control. Yourmedicalnews may place cookies of its advertisers who are under contract with Yourmedicalnews on your computer. This technology may be placed within emails sent to by Yourmedicalnews or a third party, which You open or click to view. This Policy is not applicable to third parties that are not in contract with Yourmedicalnews or to individuals with no affiliation to Yourmedicalnews. Articles and email messages transmitted through email by Yourmedicalnews on its own behalf or on behalf of content providers may have links to the third party websites. Yourmedicalnews is only responsible for the privacy policy and practices of Yourmedicalnews and is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices on any other websites.  
**Other Third Parties:**  Yourmedicalnews may disclose anonymous, aggregated user statistics to third parties for a variety of purposes. For example, we may disclose how many individuals visited certain areas of our Web Site, or how many men or women receive our newsletter. Yourmedicalnews does not rent, sell or otherwise disclose Your PII to third parties unless disclosed to You at the time such information is collected or unless You otherwise give consent, other than in the following limited circumstances:

**Legal action:**  Yourmedicalnews may disclose information about its users, including PII, when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Web Site and applicable laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web Site. Yourmedicalnews may also disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability, to protect or defend our rights or property or protect the safety, rights or property of our users.

**Affiliated Companies and Corporate change:**  Yourmedicalnews may sell, transfer or otherwise disclose user information, including PII, to wholly owned or controlled Yourmedicalnews entities, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of substantially all assets, or other fundamental corporate change respecting the Web Site.

**Security:**  Yourmedicalnews takes steps to secure the data You submit to us, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our user data. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, Yourmedicalnews cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information You transmit to Yourmedicalnews and You do so at Your own risk. That said, all financial transactions completed through the Web Site use sophisticated e-commerce software and hardware.

**Consent to Transfer:**  The Web Site is operated in the United States. If You are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information You provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using our Web Site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with Your information, You consent to this transfer.

**Acceptance / Changes to Privacy Policy:**  By using the Web Site, You agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Yourmedicalnews reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time in its sole discretion. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back from time to time. However, We will only use the PII You provide to the Web Site in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy, unless You give us Your consent.

**Contact Us**

If You have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at the address provided on the Yourmedicalnews homepage.

Privacy Policy for **http://yourmedicalnews.com**

The privacy of our visitors to **http://yourmedicalnews.com** is important to us.

At **http://yourmedicalnews.com** , we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit **http://yourmedicalnews.com** , and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.

**Log Files** As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.

**Cookies and Web Beacons** We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.

We also use third party advertisements on **http://yourmedicalnews.com** to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).

**DoubleClick DART cookies** We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google's DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests ("interest based targeting"). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses "non personally identifiable information". It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting [http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx ](http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx)

You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.

Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
