> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yourbillbuddy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-08-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060823141720id_/http%3A//www.yourbillbuddy.com/info_privacy_policy.do) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ::PRIVACY POLICY::

Trilogy E Business Software India Pvt. Ltd. ("Trilogy") has created this Privacy Policy in order to disclose its use of consumer data collected about you. This Privacy Policy is effective as of September 15, 2005. Any questions regarding this policy should be directed by email to yourbillbuddy@yourbillbuddy.com. You may also contact Trilogy at No. 5, Salarpuria Infinity, Bannerghatta Road, Bangalore - 560 029, India. The following discloses Trilogy's information gathering and dissemination practices for its marketing website.

Trilogy may collect or receive information about each person who registers with the Trilogy website including, but not limited to, user name, password, first and last name, email address, phone number, street address, gender, occupation, and interests. Trilogy also collects information on the pages you access and other information you may volunteer, such as survey information.

We at Trilogy are proud of our concern for your privacy and our commitment to protect it. Under no circumstances will we hand over the e-bill to a third party. Trilogy will not disclose details of your bills, or calling pattern to any other external third party.

Trilogy may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with Trilogy's server and to administer Trilogy's web site. Your IP address may also be used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information. Trilogy's site's registration form requires users to give Trilogy contact information (such as your name and email address) and demographic information (such as your zip code, age, or income level). Trilogy uses customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about Trilogy's company and promotional material from some of Trilogy's partners. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the user when necessary. Users may choose to opt-out of receiving future mailings. Demographic and profile data may also be collected at Trilogy's site. Trilogy may use this data to tailor the visitor's experience on Trilogy's site, show the visitor content that Trilogy thinks you may be interested in, and display content according to your preferences. The demographic and profile data may be shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis. 

Trilogy uses industry-standard technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged between Trilogy and other companies to help ensure its security. This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under Trilogy's control. Trilogy's servers are backed up regularly and protected by security systems.

"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Trilogy's site uses cookies to keep track of your session, shopping cart, and advertising delivery. Trilogy may also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password. Trilogy may use an outside ad company to display ads on Trilogy's site. These ads may also contain cookies. While Trilogy uses cookies in other parts of Trilogy's web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by Trilogy's ad company and Trilogy do not have access to this information.

Trilogy may create links to other web sites. Trilogy will make a reasonable effort to link only to sites that meet similar standards for maintaining each individual's right to privacy. However, many other sites that are not associated or authorized by Trilogy may have links leading to Trilogy's site. Trilogy cannot control these links and Trilogy is not responsible for any content appearing on these sites.

Trilogy may amend this policy at any time. If Trilogy is going to use personally identifiable information collected through Trilogy's corporate site in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection Trilogy will notify users via email and/or by posting a notice on Trilogy's Web site for 30 days. This Agreement may not be otherwise amended except in a writing that specifically refers to this policy and is physically signed by both parties.

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact yourbillbuddy@yourbillbudy.com. Upon request, Trilogy will provide you with access to information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that Trilogy collects and maintains about you. This site gives you the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided: (i) email: yourbillbuddy@yourbillbuddy.com; or (ii) visit www.yourbillbuddy.com. There you can also log into your account to update your contact information.

Trilogy's site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from Trilogy. To opt-out of receiving our communications, you can (i) send email to yourbillbuddy@yourbillbuddy.com; or (ii) send postal mail to: No. 5, Salarpuria Infinity, Bannerghatta Road, Bangalore - 560 029, India.
