> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the your4state.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110530023421id_/http%3A//your4state.com/about-privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**1\. Policy**  
This Privacy Policy is a part of the Site’s Terms and Conditions which is binding on all Site users including users of websites operated by a television station in the Nexstar family. The policy of Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. (“Nexstar”)is to respect and protect the privacy of our users. Nexstar includes as part of its mission, the constant effort to build users’ trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting fair information practices. To fulfill this mission, Nexstar agrees to exercise reasonable precautions to maintain the confidentiality of information provided by you in connection with accessing and using the Sites. Because we gather certain types of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) from users of our websites, we feel you should know how we collect, use, disclose, manage, and store the Personal Information that you may voluntarily provide us and the Personal Information that is collected passively through the use of cookies or image tags on our websites. Nexstar agrees to post prominently and in plain language its specific privacy policies. This Privacy Policy sets forth Nexstar’s current policies and practices with respect to nonpublic personal information of the users of the Sites. Your continued participation on these Sites indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and of the collection, use, disclosure, management and storage of your Personal Information as described below. 

**2\. Collection and Use of Information**  
Generally, you may browse a Site without providing any Personal Information. We do not collect personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. The Sites provide certain activities where we gather Personal Information from users of the Sites, such as an activity that requires that a user complete a registration process and receive/select a “user name” and password. Registration to participate in these Site activities may require the submission of your email address, zip code, date of birth and other Personal Information. Other Personal Information that may be submitted include your full name, postal address, gender, industry you work in, occupation/role, household income, and preferred news source, to name a few. You will also have the ability to opt-in to additional subscription services, such as email news alerts, and promotional and marketing information to be received directly from our Advertisers. 

Unless otherwise provided in a separate registration page, we do not request contact information for a mobile phone, text messaging or any wireless device that includes a domain name address (such as “wireless.bellsouth.com”) as part of the contact information. Federal law prohibits the sending of commercial email messages directly to a wireless device that uses a domain name, unless you have first given your affirmative consent. We may inadvertently collect a wireless device number that includes a domain name when you send us an inquiry or register for a contest or membership club. However, we will not knowingly use that contact information for sending commercial email. We reserve the right to respond to user inquiries or requests sent via a wireless device that uses a domain name as such messages are not deemed to be commercial email and therefore, are not regulated by Federal law. 

We use your Personal Information to provide you with the features, services, or goods you request and to respond to billing and/or other such questions related to Nexstar or Sites. We will also use your Personal Information to notify you about updates, new features, programming and activities on behalf of Nexstar, the Sites, or our Advertisers that may be of interest to you. 

We may also use your information for hiring, operational and business purposes, or to find out how we can improve our company and Sites via surveys or online tracking mechanisms. We use aggregate Personal Information collected directly during the registration process and via cookies to help us evaluate and modify existing services and features, as well as provide demographic and geographic information to Advertisers. (For more information on “cookies” and our policy on the use of cookies see below). We also use your Personal Information to develop new services and features that may be of interest to you. **3\. Disclosure of Information**  
We will not sell, exchange, rent, lease or otherwise disclose your Personal Information or sensitive personal information to any third party without your consent. However, Nexstar may disclose personal information in special cases: (1) when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the rights of Nexstar or to anyone that could be harmed by such activities; (2) when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; (3) to any affiliate or to any third party who may acquire Nexstar; and (4) in situations involving threats to the physical safety of any person. 

**4\. How You Can Review or Correct Your Personal Information**  
You may contact Nexstar at PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv to ask if we are keeping personal information about you. If we do have personal information about you, we will provide you with a readable copy of such personal information at no charge. Factual errors in your personal information, including out-of-date information, can be corrected by sending us a request that credibly shows our error. 

**5\. Information-Sharing Disclosure Request**  
You may request a Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure which will identify the third parties with whom Nexstar has shared the information we have collected from you. You may request the Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure by writing us at Privacy Administrator, Nexstar Broadcasting Group, 909 Lake Carolyn Parkway, Suite 1450, Irving, TX 75039. You may also send us your Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure request via e-mail at PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv or by telephone at (972) 373-8800. We will respond to your request for a Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure within thirty (30) days of receipt. 

**6\. Opt-Out Procedures**  
You may always opt-out of receiving communications from us. To remove any personal information from our database or to not receive future e-mail communications from Nexstar, send an e-mail to PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv with the word “remove” in the subject line. Further, if you do not want your personal information shared with third parties in the manner discussed in Section 3, “Disclosure of Information,” please notify Nexstar by telephone at (972) 373-8800, by e-mail to [PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv](mailto:PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv) or at the following address:  
Privacy Administrator  
Nexstar Broadcasting Group.  
909 Lake Carolyn Parkway, Suite 1450  
Irving, TX 75039 

**7\. Security of Information**  
You can be assured that personal information collected through the Sites is secure and is maintained in a manner consistent with current industry standards. The importance of security for all personal information associated with our subscribers is of utmost concern to us. Your personal information is protected in several ways. Your personal information resides on a secure server that only selected Nexstar employees and contractors have access to via password. We encrypt your personal information and thereby prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to us. 

In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third-party banking, processing agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and ship your order. Financial transactions related to your purchases from Nexstar are handled by VeriSign Inc. (http://www.verisign.com/) and LaSalle Bank (<http://www.lasallebank.com/prospect.html>). Information relating to your financial transactions will not be maintained on Nexstar servers. Please visit the websites of VeriSign Inc. (http://www.verisign.com/) and LaSalle Bank (http://www.lasallebank.com/prospect.html) to familiarize yourself with its terms and conditions and with its privacy policies. 

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through a Site cannot be guaranteed; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party. 

**8\. Cookies**  
You should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected on the Sites through the use of “cookies.” “Cookies” are small text files (no larger than 4k) stored as text on a computer hard drive. Websites can use “cookies” to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. “Cookies” are not programs that come onto a visitor’s system and damage files. The use of “cookies” is common in the Internet industry, and many major websites use them to provide useful features to their customers. Generally “cookies” work by assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of “cookies”, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. Nexstar uses “cookie” technology but only to obtain non-personal information from online visitors in order to improve their online experience and facilitate their visit within the Sites. 

**9\. Links to Third Party Websites**  
The Sites may contain links to the websites of third parties not affiliated with Nexstar, including without limitation, VeriSign Inc. and LaSalle Bank, an affiliate of ABN AMRO Bank, N.V. You understand, acknowledge and agree that these links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by the Sites or Nexstar of the content, advertising or business practices. Nexstar is 

_NOT_

responsible for the privacy practices or the content on any of these other websites, including any sites that may indicate a special relationship or “partnership” with Nexstar. Nexstar does not disclose unique identifiers to those responsible for the linked sites. The linked sites, however, may collect personal information from you when you link to their site. This collecting of information is not subject to the control of Nexstar. To ensure protection of your privacy, always review the privacy policies of the sites you visit by linking from the Sites. 

**10\. Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy**  
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. We never collect or maintain information at the Sites from persons we know to be under age 13, and no part of our Sites is designed to attract anyone under age 13. Please do not communicate with or contact us if you are under age 13. By your participation in our Site activities, you certify that you are at least 13 years of age and meet any other eligibility requirements of the Sites. 

**11\. Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
Nexstar may revise this Privacy Policy over time as new features are added to the Sites or as Internet law and standards evolve. We will post those changes prominently but we do recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time you visit the Sites. Changes will not apply retroactively to personal information that was collected before the changes to the Privacy Policy, except as may be required by law. 

Effective Date: October 10, 2006 
