> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the newaol.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021205101233id_/http%3A//www.aol.com/info/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AOL Anywhere | Privacy Policy

[](http://dynamic.aol.com/cgi/redir?http://www.truste.org/validate/404)

**Privacy on AOL Anywhere - An Overview**   
America Online, Inc. (AOL) is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of consumers of its interactive products and services. Throughout cyberspace, we want to contribute to providing a safe and secure environment for consumers. 

The purpose of this AOL Anywhere privacy policy is to inform you, as a welcome visitor to AOL Anywhere, what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit AOL Anywhere, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, the information. This privacy policy applies to the AOL Anywhere site and other Internet-accessible AOL-branded services like AOL Instant Messenger that incorporate this policy (although we will refer here only to AOL Anywhere to make reading this policy easier). The AOL Internet online service has a separate privacy policy for its members. If you are a member of the AOL service, you can find that policy within AOL's Terms of Service (AOL keyword "TOS"). Other AOL products and services may also have their own privacy policies, which you should review when you use these services. Finally, please note that this policy applies only to AOL Anywhere, and not to other companies' or organizations' Web sites to which we link. 

**Information About All AOL Anywhere Visitors**   
In general, our site automatically gathers certain usage information like the numbers and frequency of visitors to AOL Anywhere and its areas, very much like television ratings that tell the networks how many people tuned in to a program. We only use such data in the aggregate. This aggregate data helps us determine how much our customers use parts of the site, so we can improve our site to assure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many of you as possible. For example, AOL Anywhere uses a technology nicknamed "cookies" that tells us how and when pages in our site are visited, and by how many people. These cookies do not collect personally identifiable information and we do not combine information collected through these cookies with other personally identifiable information to tell us who you are or even what your screen name or e-mail address is. We also may provide statistical "ratings" information, never information about you personally, to our AOL Anywhere partners about how our members, collectively, use AOL Anywhere. We do this so they too can understand how much people use their areas and our site in order for them to provide you with the best possible Web experience as well. Finally, AOL Anywhere, its advertisers and ad servers may also use cookies, as well as small pieces of code called "web beacons" or "clear gifs," to determine on an anonymous basis which advertisements and promotions users have seen and how users responded to them, but do not use these technologies to collect personally identifiable information unless you give us permission to do so. 

**Information About You**   
If you are an AOL member, when you access AOL Anywhere you may obtain access to features of the AOL online service that contain personal information, such as e-mail and My Portfolios. Additionally, we may specifically ask for information about you when you sign up to use a service, like AOL Instant Messenger, or when you order a product. We will need certain information -- such as name, Internet address or screen name, billing address, type of computer, credit card number -- in order to provide that service or product to you. We may also use that information to let you know of additional products and services about which you might be interested. You can choose not to receive such information if you don't want to by letting us know on the registration screen when you sign up for the product or service. We may ask you for information about your interests so that both you and we can take advantage of the interactivity of the online medium, but you may always choose to respond or not. Additionally, we may provide you with an opportunity to be listed in a directory on one of our AOL-branded services -- these listings are also optional and you can make changes to or eliminate this information when you want to. We also use cookie technology in order to improve your experience, including to remember your preferences or customized settings when you use AOL Anywhere and its related services, and to authenticate your access to your personal information. 

**Disclosure**   
We do not use or disclose information about your individual visits to AOL Anywhere or information that you may give us on AOL Anywhere, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number, to any outside companies. AOL Anywhere may share such information in response to legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, or in special cases such as a physical threat to you or others. And, as we mention above, we may share with our Web site partners aggregated statistical "ratings" information about the use of AOL Anywhere. 

**Kids on AOL Anywhere**   
AOL takes special care to protect the safety and privacy of young people using our services, and encourages you to participate in your child's experience in cyberspace. AOL Anywhere is a general audience site, and we do not knowingly collect information about children. For parents who are AOL members, AOL recommends that parents review AOL's important safety tips before your child explores the Internet, and use AOL's Parental Controls. You can also obtain additional information about safe surfing through the [Federal Trade Commission web site.](http://r.aol.com/cgi/redir?http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/pubs/online/sitesee/index.html)

**AOL Anywhere Privacy Policy Changes**   
If we decide to change our privacy policy for AOL Anywhere, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. 

**TRUSTe**   
America Online, Inc. is a member of the TRUSTe program. This above statement discloses the privacy practices for AOL Anywhere.  
TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit initiative whose mission is to build users' trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the principles of disclosure and informed consent. Because this site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed and audited for compliance by TRUSTe. When you visit a Web site displaying the TRUSTe mark, you can expect to be notified of: 

  1. What information is gathered/tracked. 
  2. How the information is used. 
  3. Who information is shared with. 

Questions regarding the above statement should be directed to [America Online, Inc.](http://dynamic.aol.com/cgi/redir?http://www.aol.com/info/feedback.html), or [TRUSTe](http://dynamic.aol.com/cgi/redir?http://www.truste.org) for clarification. To return to the Site, please use the "Back" button on your browser. 

Last updated: November 20, 2001 
