> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the newbalance.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110630171223id_/http%3A//www.newbalance.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy : New Balance

This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to the information collected on the pages of and by the services on the website located at "www.newbalance.com" and “www.nbzip.com”, (collectively, the "Service") operated by New Balance Athletic Shoe, Inc. ("New Balance", "we", "us", or "our"), whether you are a "Visitor" (which means that you simply browse the Service) or you are a "Member" (which means that you have registered or transacted with the Service or a component thereof). New Balance is respectful of the privacy concerns of Visitors to and Members of the Service. New Balance also recognizes the valuable potential of technology to help people communicate with the companies whose web sites they visit, particularly through customer databases. Responsible use of the information you share with New Balance is paramount. In order to help you understand the role technology plays in the collection and use of information you provide to New Balance, New Balance has created the following Privacy Policy and guidelines. By using the Service, providing your contact information or becoming a Member, you are agreeing to our practices concerning the collection and use of your information and to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any terms or practices described in this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service.

Because our business will continue to evolve, from time to time, our policies will be reviewed and may be revised. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and notify you by posting an updated version of the Privacy Policy on the Service or by sending an electronic mail message to you. It is your responsibility to periodically check this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we might disclose it. The amended Privacy Policy will apply between us whether or not we have given you specific notice of any change.

NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION

In general, you can visit the Service and view its content while remaining anonymous by not providing any personal information. In some cases, when you visit the Service, New Balance may, through the use of "cookies" (which are described in greater detail below), automatically collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider, your IP Address, the pages you visit on our web site, and/or the web site from which you linked to the Service or advertisement.

PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION

New Balance will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) unless you provide it to us voluntarily (for example, if you complete our on-line Club NB registration form, user-generated content submission form, contest entry form, any online order form, or any other Membership form for any other portion of the Service). The personal information collected on or by the Service will be used to operate the Service and/or for any purpose for which you have submitted such information including, without limitation, using and displaying the information on any interactive portion of the Service, or to enhance your online experience by helping New Balance understanding you better and also to make you aware of new products or offers in which you may be interested. For example, New Balance or its partners may also use such information to send you directed email with news and information on new content and features of the Service and new products and services offered by New Balance and its partners. Use of any of the services on the Service is entirely voluntary; however, if you do not provide the personal information requested by us, then we may elect not to make the related services available for your use. If you do provide this personal information, then by doing so you consent to our use of such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have registered with New Balance and do not want New Balance to contact you in the future, please see Opt-Out below.

When you do provide us with personally identifiable information, we will take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us. In this regard, our policy is that we do not give, sell or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to anyone outside the New Balance organization or selected New Balance partners unless we first disclose to you at the time of collection that your personal information may be provided to third parties. However, there are certain limited instances where we may disclose or transfer personally identifiable information. For example, we may provide such information to appropriate authorities if we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to protect the legal rights or property of New Balance. Additionally, as we continue to develop our business, we may buy or sell business assets. In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the transferred business assets. We may also share certain information with affiliates and third party vendors so as to better service you, for example, in connection with order fulfillment and the operation of marketing promotions. However, we are not in the business of selling customer information to others, and aside from certain exceptional circumstances, we will take appropriate measures to ensure the protection of the information you provide to us.

USE OF COOKIES

When you view the Service or any advertisement on the Service, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "cookie" or similar ss_File. "Cookies" are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Internet browser. Cookies enable our system to recognize your browser and to tailor the Service or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. They also make shopping and purchasing merchandise more convenient for you (for example, by allowing us to store items in your "shopping cart" between visits). With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. If you choose not to accept cookies, you should be aware that you may not be able to experience the full functionality of the Service.

SPECIAL NOTE TO PARENTS

We do not knowingly collect, use or retain any personal information from visitors to the Service who are under the age of 13 for any purpose whatsoever (including internal or external marketing purposes). In addition, we will delete any records of such personal information that come to our attention. If it comes to your attention that your child under 13 has provided any personal information to the Service, we invite you to notify us so that we may delete the information from our records and discontinue any related features or services.

While New Balance's policy prohibits children under 13 from registering with the Service, parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing online their name, address and other personal information without parental ss_ss_Permission. For additional information about parental control tools, please consult the "Consumer Assistance" page of the Direct Marketing Association home page (http://www.the-dma.org).

OPT-OUT; ACCESS/UPDATE

If after registering on or otherwise providing your personally identifiable information when visiting the Service you no longer wish to receive any commercial electronic mail messages, please send an email to customer.service@newbalance.com indicating your preference to "unsubscribe" and we will promptly remove you from our list. Please be sure to include your name and email address in your email. Please also note that by opting-out of receiving such messages from New Balance, you are NOT opting-out of receiving messages from web sites affiliated with New Balance; instructions on how to opt-out of receiving communications from these other web sites may be found by consulting such other web sites’ Privacy Policies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, New Balance reserves the right to communicate to you any changes to this Privacy Policy or the Web Site Terms and Conditions. 

If you have registered to join Club NB, New Balance will give you access to the personally identifiable information you provided during that registration so that you can review and update that information at any time. If you would like to access your personally identifiable information, simply go to Club NB, provide us with your user name and password, and click on Update Pross_File.

LINKS

The Service may provide links to other web sites on the Internet, some of which may display New Balance logos, New Balance products or other New Balance content. These web sites may have their own privacy policies; however, all of these websites and their privacy policies are independent of the Service and this Privacy Policy. By providing access to third party sites or advertisements, New Balance is not endorsing the products or services provided by the owner or operator of such web sites. Consequently, we will not be responsible for the accuracy, relevancy, availability, reliability, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in third party web sites linked to the Service. We strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel is necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction.

CONTACT US

New Balance will take appropriate steps to protect all information you share with us. If you provide us with sensitive information of any sort, we will take reasonable steps to ensure a secure connection with your server. We are dedicated to protecting your personal information and welcome comments and questions on this policy. Please send an email to us at customer.service@newbalance.com or write to us at the following address if you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy:

New Balance Athletic Shoe, Inc.  
Customer Service  
Brighton Landing  
20 Guest St.  
Boston, MA 02135-2088
