> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the neweracap.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160513222729id_/http%3A//www.neweracap.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | New Era

Our privacy policy is intended to notify you of our online privacy practices and of the type of information that may be collected and stored; how the information is used; with whom the information may be shared; what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information; what kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under New Era's control; and whom to contact with questions or concerns. 

This privacy policy applies only to this website (www.neweracap.com) and not to other websites to which we may link. New Era may post such links as a way of helping you locate related information and products easily. However, when linking to another website, you must review that website's privacy policy as other websites may not treat information collected online in the same manner as New Era. By using the neweracap.com website, you consent to the collection and use of information by New Era in accordance with this privacy policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. If you have any questions or concerns regarding New Era's privacy policy, please contact us at legal@neweracap.com with "Privacy" typed in the subject field. 

**Why New Era collects information**  
New Era collects personal information because it helps us deliver superior products and service. It may enable us to focus on products and information of greatest interest to you. In addition, your personal information helps us communicate to you our latest products, special offers and information and events you might like to hear about. 

**What information New Era collects**  
As is true with many websites, we gather information and store it in Server logs. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, clickstream data and all additional website analytics.. We may also create and use electronic records to compile statistics about how our visitors collectively interact with our website. Our website is not set up to track, collect, or distribute personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email address, telephone number and product preferences) unless you voluntarily input this information, such as during a registration or ordering process, or when you submit questions or comments, request information or participate in online surveys, contests, sweepstakes, promotions or activities. Should you voluntarily provide us with personally identifiable information, you consent to New Era's use of it. Any personally identifiable information you input will be used by New Era only as set forth in this policy and in compliance with data protection legislation. 

Those who wish to communicate with New Era but do not wish to provide personally identifiable information online may contact us through the address or phone numbers provided on our website. 

**Cookies**  
Cookies are bits of electronic information that a website may transfer to a visitor's hard drive to identify specific information about the visitor's visits to the website. The use of cookies is standard on the internet and many websites use them. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but allow you to disable them if you wish. New Era may use cookies to track the number of visitors to the website, to determine whether visitors have visited the site before, to hold selections in your shopping cart when you leave the website without checking out, to determine patterns or trends of visitors' website usage, retrieve specific information from previous visits, and to recall features that you may have customized on your browser. This allows New Era to update its website and make it more useful to our customers and website visitors. By using the neweracap.com website, you agree that we can place such cookies on your computer. 

**How New Era uses the information it collects**  
The information we collect may be disclosed by us to third parties, including with respect to users in the United States and Canada to Hat World (defined below) and certain companies affiliated with Hat World, as set forth in this privacy policy, and is also used by us for internal purposes such as analyzing trends; providing support and responding to questions from customers and website visitors; improving our website, products or services; learning about customers' needs; contacting consumers for research, informational and marketing purposes; tracking traffic patterns and site usage; enabling online ordering and providing customer service with respect to such orders; and as further provided below with respect to orders, surveys, contests and sweepstakes. From time to time, we may also use the purchases you make to customize our product recommendations. New Era may share its customer information (including personally identifiable information) with certain companies affiliated with Hat World, Inc. (“Hat World”), including, but not limited to iPost (http://www.ipost.com), Link Share (http://www.linkshare.com), Omniture (http://www.omniture.com), Live Person (http://solutions.liveperson.com), Authorize.Net (http://www.authorize.net), Litle & Co. (http://www.litle.com), APC Logistics (http://www.apclogistics.com), UPS (http://www.ups.com), and United States Postal Services (http://www.usps.com). 

Unless otherwise required by law or litigation, or if pertinent to a judicial or governmental investigation, personally identifiable information is not shared with any other organizations or persons, other than organizations or persons assisting us in collecting, assembling or processing this information as set forth in this privacy policy. New Era does not sell your personally identifiable information to other companies for their independent marketing purposes and New Era maintains reasonable physical and electronic safeguards to limit unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information, and to protect you against the criminal misuse of that information. However, data in the aggregate may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other purposes. New Era may also use email addresses and other personally identifiable information to contact visitors who have communicated with us. While New Era strives to protect your personally identifiable information, you should also take steps to protect such information. 

Information submitted or provided to New Era through neweracap.com regarding New Era or its website or products, including but not limited to submission of ideas for new products, inventions and/or designs, including New Era By You designs (collectively, "Ideas"), shall be deemed to be non-confidential and New Era shall be free to copy, reproduce, use, disclose, distribute and commercially exploit such Ideas in any manner, without limitation or attribution. From time to time, we may contact you about special offers, updates on new products, invites to exclusive events and new website features if you agreed to be included in our mailing lists when you visited our website or completed a purchase with us or if you voluntarily participated in a New Era survey, contest, sweepstakes or other promotion. You may unsubscribe or change email preferences from our mailing lists by using the preference page option located at the bottom of your most recent email campaign received. 

**Ordering from neweracap.com**  
When you order from our website, we need your name, email address, shipping address, phone number and credit / debit card number (which may include billing information, expiration date and security code). We use this data to process your order, ship it and send your order and shipping confirmations via email. Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not sell, rent, or disclose this data to any third party without your consent. We require your name, billing address, shipping address, email address and telephone number to open an account for you, and will store that information if you open an account. We may also ask some additional optional questions to help us better serve you. You can correct your account information by clicking on "edit" within the My Account Summary area. 

**Third Party Relationships**  
Hat World, Inc. ("Hat World") operates the neweracap.com website in the United States and Canada pursuant to agreements with New Era. Hat World is authorized to collect and use the information obtained from users in the United States and Canada via the website as set forth in, and in accordance with, this privacy policy. 

Hat World and certain other vendors of ours may provide on our behalf customer payment processing, order fulfillment and shipping services, customer service, and other services related to the services provided by us or on our behalf, as set forth in this privacy policy, by Hat World or such vendors. These vendors have access to your information as is necessary to perform such services. These vendors have agreed to not use any personally identifiable information of customers except in accordance with this privacy policy. 

**Surveys, contests and sweepstakes**   
From time to time, our website requests information from users via surveys, contests, sweepstakes or other promotions. Information requested may include contact information (such as name, email and shipping address) and demographic information (such as postal code, age level) ("Contact Information"). Contact Information will be used to administer the contest or sweepstakes, to send you promotional emails, notify winners and make the winners' list publicly available pursuant to applicable law. Your consent to such promotional use and disclosure of this information is a condition of your participation. In cases where the survey, contest, sweepstakes or promotional offer is co-branded with or sponsored by another party, we may share your information, with your consent, with that party. Entering such contests and providing the required Contact Information in these instances is completely voluntary and solely your choice; you do not need to provide such information or enter such contests to browse this website. 

**Resumes**   
If you apply online for a position with New Era, we will collect your resume and/or a job application. The online application portion of our website is powered by a secure third party recruitment database. Resumes and/or job applications you submit for job openings will be used only for considering your application for the posted position (or other relevant positions) and not for marketing purposes. 

**Children's privacy**   
New Era realizes that children may visit this website, and New Era encourages children to consult with their parents before submitting any information to any website, including ours. However, New Era believes that it is ultimately the parents' responsibility to supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing their names, addresses, and other personally identifiable information online without parental permission. New Era will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without first obtaining parental consent. If a child under 13 submits personal information to New Era and we learn that the information is from a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. 

**Security policy**  
This website takes precautions to safeguard your information. When users submit information via the website (for example, when our registration/order form asks you to enter sensitive information such as credit card number and associated information), that information is encrypted and is protected with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. .In addition, McAfee Secure scans this website for new Vulnerabilities and complies and strictly enforces all PCI-DSS standards. You can help us by also taking precautions to protect your personal information when you are using the internet. For example, you should change your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use an SSL-enabled browser. 

No security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We cannot ensure that information you share on the Site will not become publicly available. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures on the Site. You can reduce these risks by using common sense security practices such as choosing a strong password, using different passwords for different services, and using up to date antivirus software. 
