> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the neweuropetours.eu privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606162409id_/http%3A//www.neweuropetours.eu/main/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SANDEMANs NEW Europe - Privacy Policy

SANDEMANs NEW Europe is delighted you have visited our website! In order to improve your experience we are continually optimising the function and services of the website. Security is of primary importance for us. In using our website you entrust us with personal information and for this we are extremely grateful. This is why we are particularly careful with your data. We have taken many technical precautions to protect your data and regularly update the protection.

 **General information:**

By visiting our website certain information is transmitted to us, for example IP-address, type and version of your web-browser, operating system, the website you came from and the time of your visit. This data cannot be used by us to identify individual visitors. The data is exclusively used to improve the popularity, content and functionality of our website. Whenever we collect personal or business data (e-mail address, name, address) this is provided by the visitor on a purely voluntary basis. The use of and payment for all services is - so long as technically possible and reasonable - also allowed anonymously or under a pseudonym.

 **Cookies:**

Our website uses cookies. We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website. Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites. We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience, track shopping basket contents and remember where you are in the order process. You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may stop our website from functioning properly. The use of cookies will track the pages you visit using Google Analytics, in order to see which websites you find the most interesting and will allow you to share pages with social networks (such as Facebook).

 **Third Parties:**

We will not share any personal information, unless otherwise explicitly stated, with third parties, unless we are legally obliged to do so or the transfer of data is necessary in order to complete a service you request. External service providers and partners such as, for example, online payment service providers, only receive the necessary information to complete your order. In these cases the data is restricted to the absolute minimum needed. Whenever our service providers come into contact with your data we make sure that they are just as careful with the information. Please read the data protection policies of the service providers. We are not responsible for the content of third parties’ services though we make every reasonable effort to ensure they follow the legal requirements.

 **Custom Audiences Tracking Pixel:**

With your permission, our website utilizes the Website Custom Audiences Tracking Pixel service of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave., Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). This tool allows us to target Facebook ads to people who have visited our website. The collected data remain anonymous. This means that we cannot see the personal data of any individual user and any Facebook ads we commission are only targeted at user groups. However, the collected data are saved and processed by Facebook. Facebook is able to connect the data with your Facebook account and use the data for their own advertising purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy.

 **Google Analytics:**

This website uses Google Analytics, a website analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses ‘cookies’, text data that are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by cookies through your use of this website are normally transferred to Google’s server in the USA and stored there. Through the activation of the IP-anonymisation on this website your IP-address will be abbreviated within the member states of the European Union or the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there.

On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide other services related to the website usage and the internet usage against the website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You can prevent cookies from being saved by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to fully utilize all the functions of this website.

In addition, you can prevent Google's processing of data generated by the cookie and your use of the website (including your IP address), as well as the processing of this data by Google, by clicking on the following link: [download and install the available browser plugin](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en). For more information, see [tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) or <https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/> (general information about Google Analytics and Privacy). For more information, visit [www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html](http://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html).

 **Google Tag Manager:**

This site uses Google Tag Manager. Google Tag Manager is a solution that allows marketers to manage website tags through a GUI. Tag Manager itself (which implements the tags) is a cookie-free domain and does not collect personal data. The tool provides the triggering of other tags, which in turn may collect data. Google Tag Manager does not access this data. If disabling is done at the domain or cookie level, it will persist for all tracking tags that are implemented with Google Tag Manager. 
