> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the newgradlife.blogspot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130415235115id_/http%3A//newgradlife.blogspot.com/2009/10/privacy-policy-statement-this-is-web.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | New Grad Life

Privacy Policy Statement This is the web site of New Grad Life. Our postal address is 1241 Amherst Ave #8, Los Angeles, CA, U.S. We can be reached via e-mail at info@newgradlife.com For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible). We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address). The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, shared with agents or contractors who assist in providing support for our internal operations, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting the Website. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site , ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address or writing to us at the above address. From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address. From time to time, we make our customer e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address. If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address. you may receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of: google.com From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address or writing to us at the above address. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, financial information (e.g., credit card account information) that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them . Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.
