> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the newidea.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170218202530id_/https%3A//www.newidea.com.au/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Australian Celebrity & Royal News, Food, Parenting, Real Life & Travel | New Idea Magazine

**Privacy Statement**

Pacific and its Associated Entities are collecting your personal information for the purpose of establishing and administering your access to the Website (along with any future service we provide and which requires logging in), providing you information, facilitating our supply of goods and/ or services to you (where applicable) and for the purpose of understanding our audiences. If you use your Facebook ID or Google ID to log into the service, you also consent to us collecting your personal information (such as your public profile including name and email address) from Facebook or Google (as applicable) for these purposes.  Pacific will otherwise handle your personal information in accordance with Pacific’s Privacy Policy which is available at www.sevenwestmedia.com.au/privacy (and which contains information regarding how you can access your personal information, correct it and/ or make a complaint about our handling of your personal information).  By logging in, and where you elect to provide us with additional information about you and your interests from time to time, you agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy.  Without limiting the foregoing, Pacific may disclose your personal information to its related entities, business partners and external service providers for research and profiling purposes as well as other purposes reasonably related to your relationship with Pacific.  In addition, by logging in to access the Website, and where you elect to provide us with additional information about you and your interests from time to time, you consent to Pacific using your personal information for the purpose of Pacific and its related entities sending you information regarding programs, products and services available through them and/ or through their business partners.  We will always provide you with the ability to opt out of those communications.

You also agree that we may use proprietary measurement software in the Website which will allow users to contribute to market research or audience ratings services.
