> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the newmediamedicine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110621080411id_/http%3A//www.newmediamedicine.com/forum/content/124-privacy-policy-2.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# New Media Medicine - Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

New Media Medicine Ltd. (“New Media Medicine”) New Media Medicine.com. It is New Media Medicine’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.  
Website Visitors

Like most website operators, New Media Medicine collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. New Media Medicine’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how New Media Medicine’s visitors use its website. From time to time, New Media Medicine may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

New Media Medicine also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. New Media Medicine does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to New Media Medicine’s websites choose to interact with New Media Medicine in ways that require New Media Medicine to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that New Media Medicine gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with New Media Medicine are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, New Media Medicine collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with New Media Medicine. New Media Medicine does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

Aggregated Statistics

New Media Medicine may collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to its websites. For instance, New Media Medicine may monitor the most popular forum posts. New Media Medicine may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, New Media Medicine does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

New Media Medicine discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on New Media Medicine’s behalf or to provide services available at New Media Medicine’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using New Media Medicine’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. New Media Medicine will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, New Media Medicine discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when New Media Medicine believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of New Media Medicine, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a New Media Medicine website and have supplied your email address, New Media Medicine may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with New Media Medicine and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. New Media Medicine takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.  
Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. New Media Medicine uses cookies to help New Media Medicine identify and track visitors, their usage of New Media Medicine website, and their website access preferences. New Media Medicine visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using New Media Medicine’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of New Media Medicine’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.  
Ads

Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by New Media Medicine and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, New Media Medicine may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in New Media Medicine’s sole discretion. New Media Medicine encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a newmediamedicine.com account, you should also check your account control panel for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
