> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the newsroom.co.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2019-11-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191112100328id_/https%3A//www.newsroom.co.nz/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**

_This Privacy Policy was last updated on 2 October 2018_  
 

**1\. Purpose**  
1.1 Policy: Newsroom NZ Limited’s (We, Us, Our) privacy policy (Privacy Policy)  
applies to all users of our Site and should be read in conjunction with the **[General  
Terms and Conditions of Use](https://www.newsroom.co.nz/terms-and-conditions)**.  
1.2 Purpose: The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to let users of the Site know  
when we collect personal data and what we do with it. We do not use, share or  
transfer personal data except as set out in this Privacy Policy. When we talk  
about “personal data”, we are referring to information that identifies you as an  
individual or relates to an identifiable individual.

  
**2\. Data collection**  
2.1 No disclosure required: The Site can be viewed without the need for you to  
disclose any personal information to us.  
2.2 Newsroom Pro: If you wish to subscribe to our Newsroom Pro service then you  
must complete the online registration form which requires that you disclose a  
limited amount of personal data and become a registered user (Registered  
User).  
2.3 Types of data we collect: We may collect, store and use the following types of  
data about you from the Site:  
(a) personal data about you, provided by you at the time of subscribing to  
Newsroom Pro, which includes, but is not limited to, your name, email  
address, credit-card information/payment details, and any other such  
personal information that you provide to us through any other method  
(including, without limitation, correspondence and discussions whether on  
the Site or via other means); and  
(b) aggregate technical information automatically generated by our systems,  
which track traffic to the Site, which includes, but is not limited to, your  
device identifier, server address, IP address, domain (whether you are  
accessing the Site from New Zealand or elsewhere), the platform you are  
using, browsers used when accessing the Site (including version), users’  
search terms, pages accessed on the Site, links that are clicked on, date  
and time of Site visits, users’ operating systems, and any other such  
technical information relating to your use of the Site.  
2.4 Sources of data collection: We may collect and hold personal data about you  
from the following sources:  
(a) you, by providing your email address to get the free Newsroom daily briefing  
and/or by filling in the registration form when you subscribe to Newsroom  
Pro;  
(b) indirectly, through your use of the Site, including by automated technologies  
and interactions;  
(c) through your interaction with our administrators, such as by telephone or  
email; and  
(d) provided by third parties authorised by you.  
2.5 Services unavailable: Failure to provide necessary personal information when  
requested may result in certain services not being available to you.  
2.6 Changes: Registered Users are able to access and change their subscription  
details (name, email address, password, and credit card information) by logging  
in and clicking the “My Account” tab near the top right side of any page on the  
Site.

  
**3\. Disclosures of your data**  
3.1 Disclosure: We will not disclose personal data we hold about you to any third  
party except as set out in this clause 3 .  
3.2 Service Providers: We work with third-party service providers who provide  
hosting, maintenance, backup, storage, infrastructure, payment processing,  
analysis, marketing and other services for us, which may require them to access  
information about you. If a service provider needs to access information about  
you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under instruction from us,  
including abiding by policies and procedures designed to protect your  
information. Some of these service providers may be located in countries other  
than yours or ours.  
3.3 Partners/sponsors: We may disclose aggregate technical information, and  
other information that does not personally identify you, to third parties including  
our partners and sponsors.  
3.4 Legal Obligations: In exceptional circumstances, we may share information  
about you with a third party if we believe that sharing is reasonably necessary  
to:  
(a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental  
request, including to meet national security requirements, and our service  
providers may also do this;  
(b) enforce our agreements, policies and terms of service;  
(c) protect the security or integrity of our Site and services; or  
(d) protect us, you or the public from harm or illegal activities.  
3.5 Sale of our business: In the event that we propose to sell the business or any  
of our assets, we may provide your personal data as part of a database to a  
prospective buyer solely so that they can consider the purchase of the business.  
Should we proceed to sell the business (or a material part of it) we may provide  
your personal data as part of that sale so that the purchaser can continue to  
operate the business and contact you about their plans for the business.

  
**4\. Use of your data**  
4.1 We process and use the data we collect for the following purposes:  
(a) to hold your personal data on our system and to contact you as necessary;  
(b) to allow us to administer and manage your access to our Site, including  
verifying your identity and assisting you if you forget your password or login  
details Newsroom Pro;  
(c) to assist in providing the Newsroom Pro subscription to you, including to  
allow us to process payments in respect of your subscription to Newsroom  
Pro;  
(d) to monitor, develop and improve the Site and ensure that content on the  
Site is presented in the most effective manner for you;  
(e) to update and maintain our records, including details of people that have  
accessed our systems; and  
(f) for any other use that you authorise.

  
**5\. Cookies and Tracking:**  
5.1 Cookies: We may use a "cookie" file, tracking pixels and other related  
technologies containing information that can identify the computer, smartphone  
or other web–enabled device that you are working from.  
5.2 Usage: We may use the information generated by cookies, tracking pixels and  
other related technologies to:  
(a) track traffic patterns to and from the Site;  
(b) ensure any advertising is being shown to the most appropriate person;  
(c) enable you to enter the Site and use certain services as a Newsroom Pro  
subscriber without having to log on each time and to visit our Newsroom Pro  
subscriber only areas of the Site;  
(d) track you within the Newsroom Pro content on the Site; and  
(e) enable us and our partners/sponsors to serve targeted advertising to you  
(on our Site and elsewhere).  
5.3 Turn-off: The browsers of most computers, smartphones and other  
web–enabled devices are usually set up to accept cookies. If your browser  
preferences allow it, you can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject  
all cookies, or notify you when cookies are set. Each browser is different, so  
check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn about how to change your cookie  
preferences. Please remember that cookies are often used to enable and improve  
certain functions on our Site. If you choose to switch certain cookies off, it will  
affect how the Site works and you may not be able to access all or parts of the  
Site.

  
**6\. Linking and third-party websites**  
6.1 No control: We do not control the practices of partners connected with the Site  
and to whom you may provide personal information whilst using the Site.  
6.2 Linked sites: The contents of the Site may include links to other third-party  
websites (Linked Sites). The Linked Sites are provided to you as a convenience  
and/or a courtesy to a source, and the inclusion of any link does not imply our  
endorsement of the Linked Sites or any association by us with their business or  
owners. We are not responsible for the data protection/privacy/cookie usage  
policies of any Linked Sites and those sites may not follow the same privacy  
policies as us. We recommend that you check any relevant privacy policies of  
such Linked Sites before providing your personal data to any third party.  
6.3 Social media: The site includes the ability to share any Site Material on  
selected social media platforms (including Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn) via  
your social media account (Social Media Features). These Social Media  
Features may collect your IP address (if you actively click on the link), which  
page you are visiting on the Site, and may set a cookie to enable the Social  
Media Feature to function properly.

  
**7\. Opting in and Opting Out:**  
7.1 Changes: If our intended collection, use or disclosure of your personal data is  
outside the collection, use or disclosure set out in this Privacy Policy we will give  
you the option to:  
(a) opt out and not receive certain services or participate in certain interactive  
areas; or  
(b) opt in to agree to be contacted by us in relation to certain matters such as  
notification of new features to the Site promotional activities.  
7.2 Unsubscribe: You may opt out of receiving communications from us by utilising  
the unsubscribe function in communications sent to you.

**8\. Holding, accessing and correcting**  
8.1 Privacy Act: Under the New Zealand Privacy Act 1993, you have rights of  
access to and correction of personal information that we hold. For information  
about this Act and how it protects the personal information of individuals in New  
Zealand, click **[here](http://www.privacy.org.nz/)**.  
8.2 Access: You have the right to request access to your personal data. This  
enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you.  
8.3 Correction: You have the right to request correction of any of your personal  
information provided to us, at any time and as often as necessary. This enables  
you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you  
corrected or updated.  
8.4 Contact us: If you would like to access the personal data relating to you that  
we have stored, or to request correction of such personal data, or if you have  
any concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by any of the  
means set out below.

  
Newsroom Pro,  
Press Gallery,  
Parliamentary Buildings,  
Wellington, 6011  
Email: bernard.hickey@newsroom.co.nz  
Phone: +64 04 817 9594 

  
8.5 Cost: You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise  
any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee where  
permitted by law if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.  
8.6 Verifying identity: We may need to request specific information from you to  
help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data  
(or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure  
that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.  
We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your  
request to speed up our response.  
8.7 Privacy Commissioner: If you are not satisfied with our response to any  
privacy-related concern you may have, you can contact the Privacy  
Commissioner: 

  
Office of the Privacy Commissioner  
PO Box 10-094  
Wellington, New Zealand  
Phone: +64-4-474 7590  
Enquiries Line (from Auckland): 302 8655   
Enquiries Line (from outside Auckland): 0800 803 909   
Fax: +64-4-474 7595   
Email: enquiries@privacy.org.nz 

  
**9\. Changes to Privacy Policy**  
9.1 We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions  
(Amendments) at any time. Any Amendments will be posted on this page on  
the Site (and the “last updated” date will be updated). By continuing to access  
the Site, you agree to be bound by the Amendments. We recommend you  
regularly review this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions to see any  
updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
