> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the news4andhra.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140620064234id_/http%3A//www.news4andhra.com/privacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# News4Andhra.com - Andhra Pradesh News, Telugu Movie Reviews, Telugu Cinema, Tollywood, Telugu Movie News, Gossips, Reviews, Photos, Wallpapers

## PRIVACY POLITY

**INTRODUCTION** News4Andhra.com wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information from and about you. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as Contact Us form. By using News4Andhra, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. 

As set forth in our Terms of Use, the News4Andhra Services are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from children less than 13 years of age. 

This Privacy Policy applies to News4Andhra’s collection and use of your personal information (i.e., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address). 

**COLLECTION OF INFORMATION** News4Andhra.com and our service providers collect the following information from and about you: 

Personal Information is the information you submit to Contact Us via News4Andhra.com contact us page (http://www.news4andhra.com/contactus), for example, to send feedback, post comments, enquire about advertising opportunity, and enquiring about a job opportunity Etc. 

Activity Information. When you access and interact with the News4Andhra.com, we may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to News4Andhra.com, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the News4Andhra.com from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geo location data, or other transactional information for that device. Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier. Websites, apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service. These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the News4Andhra.com, such as pages you have visited, content you have viewed, search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen. Third parties that support the News4Andhra.com by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate News4Andhra.com usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information. News4Andhra.com does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies. 

Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information. 

**USE AND DISCLOSURE** We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the News4Andhra.com Services and features to you, including: to measure and improve those News4Andhra.com Services and features; to improve your experience by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages; to allow you to comment on content and to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries. When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties. We do not share the information we collect from and about you with any third party services.   
To deliver relevant advertisements. News4Andhra.com and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver relevant ads to you when you use the News4Andhra.com Services or another service. As noted above, third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests To contact you. News4Andhra.com may only contact you only if requested by you using Contact Us page. To share with business partners. News4Andhra.com will not share your information with business partners. 

**SECURITY** News4Andhra.com uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. 

**USER ACCESS AND CONTROL** If you would like to access, review, correct, update, suppress, or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us, you may contact us as using contact us page. In your request, please include your email address, name, address, and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access, change, update, or suppress. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. 

**OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION** Updates to Privacy Policy. News4Andhra.com may modify this Privacy Policy. Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the News4Andhra.com Location of Data. News4Andhra.com Services are hosted in and managed from the United States. If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States. United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above. As a result, please read this Privacy Policy with care. Sensitive Information. We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (such as social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the News4Andhra.com Services or otherwise. 

**CONTACT US** If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via: http://www.news4andhra.com/contactus 
