> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the newsinc.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120623180656id_/http%3A//www.newsinc.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - News Distribution Network, Inc. Press Releases

This Privacy Policy explains the data collection and use practices of News Distribution Network, Inc. (“NDN”) on its websites: [www.newsinc.com](http://www.newsinc.com/) and [www.politicaliq.com](http://www.politicaliq.com/) (the “Websites”). By using the Websites, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy.

We are committed to protecting your privacy and honoring the integrity of your personal information. We do not sell any information collected through this site to others except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact our support team by e-mail at [privacy@newsinc.com](mailto:privacy@newsinc.com).

## What this Privacy Policy Covers

  * This Privacy Policy applies to the services offered by NDN via the Websites and other features, content or applications offered from time to time by NDN in connection with the Websites. The Websites are hosted in the United States.
  * This Privacy Policy covers how NDN collects, uses and shares information, including personally identifiable information that you provide to us and information we collect automatically related to your use of the Websites and services.
  * This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that NDN does not own or control, to content or information not generated by NDN, or to acts of people that NDN does not employ or manage.



## Information Collection

When you visit the Websites, you provide us with two types of information: (1) personally identifiable information and other information about you that you knowingly choose to disclose, and (2) other information we collect automatically as you interact with the Websites.

## Information You Provide to NDN

We collect personal information from you when you:

  1. submit questions or material to us,
  2. register on this site
  3. purchase a product from us,
  4. use our website, such as setting up your personal profile, making connections, sending messages, performing searches and queries, forming or joining groups, submitting content, participating in discussions and forums, or sending and receiving information through various channels,
  5. e-mail us, or
  6. enter one of our contests or sweepstakes.



We use personal information collected through this site to:

  * provide a personalized service,
  * conduct market research surveys,
  * fulfill product orders,
  * run features that incorporate submissions to the site,
  * provide information and services you request or subscribe to, and
  * provide you with information about, and access to, products and services we offer, either ourselves or jointly with or on behalf of other organizations.



If you do not wish to receive information about our products or services, or the products or services offered jointly with or on behalf of other organizations, please check the appropriate box on the registration page or other relevant form or page through which the information is collected.

## Automatically collected information

We collect information in the aggregate form through the use of cookies and IP addresses, such as demographic information and browsing patterns, including domain and host from which you access the internet, your domain name, the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using, the name of the page that referred you to us, the date and time you access our site, the pages you visited, and the entry and exit times from the Websites. We also collect information about your interactions and transactions with us and some of our business partners. Such information does not identify any individual and will not be linked to any personal information. We use such information to:

  * monitor the usage of our website,
  * build up marketing profiles,
  * aid strategic development,
  * manage our relationship with advertisers and content providers, and
  * audit usage of the site.



We may share such information, in the aggregate form only, with our affiliates, partners or advertisers, or other third parties.

## Use of Information

In addition to the uses described above with respect to information you provide and information we automatically collect, we use collected information to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you if necessary, conduct research, assist with systems administration, resolve problems, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients. We may occasionally use your name and email address to send you notifications regarding new services we offer that we think you may find valuable. We may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies. We may also create compilations of information that are not personally-identifying and provide these compilations to other companies to help them understand the shopping patterns or general interests of visitors to the Websites.

## Use of Cookies

We use cookies, tags and similar technologies to recognize your preferences and effectively and efficiently administer the Websites. We use the information we collect to enhance your visit to the Websites and provide you with information tailored to your interests. The information collected on our behalf does not contain your name, address, email address or any other personally identifiable information. You may elect to refuse or delete cookies, however, doing so may affect your use of some portions of the Websites and the services NDN provides.

We use third party tracking and advertising providers such as Auditude and Quantcast to act on our behalf. The third-party tracking and advertising technology that we use on the Websites uses information derived from your visits to the Websites to target advertising to the Websites. In addition, our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on the Websites and other sites. They may track and analyze your usage of the Websites through the use of cookies, pixel tags, web beacons and similar technologies. They may collect and share with us usage information about visits to the Websites and use of the NDN services. They also may measure and research the effectiveness of our advertisements, track page usage and paths followed during and after your use of the Site and the Service, help us target the advertisements on the Websites, and track use of our advertisements and other links from marketing partners' sites to the NDN services.

To “opt-out” of such third party cookies, go to <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp> and select Collective, Quatncast, YuMe, Specific Media and ValueClick Media as your opt out choices.

## Submissions

Any personal information you choose to provide to us with your submissions posted to this site may appear on the site, but only to identify you as the author of the submission, unless you expressly authorize us to make further use of the information on the site. If you voluntarily disclose or permit disclosure of personal information, that information can also be collected and used by others. If you submit to the site any comments, photographs, videos, music, text or other content, you grant to NDN the unlimited, perpetual, royalty-free right to use your name, voice, likeness and other personal information in connection with such submission in any media, now known or hereafter devised, throughout the world.

## Privacy Policy for Children Under 13

In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (commonly referred to as “COPPA”), we do not require children under the age of 13 to provide us with any more information than is reasonably necessary to participate and make use of this site and under no circumstances do we require children under the age of 13 to provide us with any personal information. Children under the age of 13 should not submit or post any personal information without the written consent of their parents or legal guardians. If you are a child under the age of 13 and want to submit your personal information to us, you should ask your parents to send an e-mail to [privacy@newsinc.com](mailto:privacy@newsinc.com). specifically allowing us to collect your personal information through this site. By doing so, you allow us to alert your parent or guardian about the Websites’ Privacy Policy. We do not intend to sell, license or trade any such information collected to third parties. Parents may review or change the personal information of their children provided to us or further refuse our collection of such information by sending an e-mail to [privacy@newsinc.com](mailto:privacy@newsinc.com).

## Partner Sites / Linked Sites

Our site features several activities, which are co-sponsored or operated by other sites. These activities will be identifiable by their co-branding. While these activities originate on the Websites, they may link to other sites not operated by NDN. We have no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our co-sponsors and strongly recommend that you check their privacy policies before engaging in these activities. Additionally, our site contains links to other sites, including those of advertisers. We have no control over the privacy practices of advertisers or other sites to which we provide links from this site. For example, if you click on a banner advertisement, the click takes you off this site. These other sites may use cookies, collect data or solicit personal information. We strongly recommend that you check the applicable privacy policy of the site to which you are linking.

## Security of Information

We use commercially reasonable efforts to keep your personally identifiable information secure. Unfortunately, no electronic communication over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to take care to protect your personally identifiable information, NDN cannot warrant the security of any information that you submit to us, and you do so at your own risk. We do offer secured-server transactions that encrypt your information in transit to thwart someone from intercepting it and misusing it when collecting credit card information for online purchases. We also store any personal information, including credit card numbers, in a secure area to which the general public does not have access.

## Updating Personal Information

If you would like to change any contact or billing information, or if you no longer desire to receive any marketing communications from NDN or our partners, please email us at [privacy@newsinc.com](mailto:privacy@newsinc.com).

## Changes in Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, and will post any changes as soon as they go into effect without prior notice to you. Any such changes are effective as of the date such changes are posted on this page. Your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Policy. Please check this page periodically to view our most current Privacy Policy.
