> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the newsday.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120522003817id_/http%3A//www.newsday.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Newsday LLC Privacy Policy

Newsday LLC (“Newsday” or “we”), the owner and operator of the website that linked you to this policy (the “website”), strives to offer its visitors the many advantages of Internet technology and to provide an interactive and personalized experience on the website. We may use Personally Identifiable Information (your name, e-mail address, street address, telephone number or other information about you that could potentially identify you) subject to the terms of this privacy policy. Please note this policy applies only to information collected by Newsday through the website and does not impact information collected or used by Newsday or its Affiliates through other means. 

**How we gather information from users.**

How we collect and store information depends on the page you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided. You can visit many pages on the website without providing any information. Other pages may prompt you to provide information, such as, to the extent applicable to the website, when you register for access to portions of the website, sign up for membership, request certain features (e.g., newsletters, news updates and other products), sign up for a newspaper subscription or make a purchase. You may also provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests, voting and polling activities, message boards and chat rooms and other interactive areas of the website, to the extent offered through the website.

Like most websites, this website also collects information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider or use “cookie” technology. Among other things, the cookie may store your user name and password, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit, or may control the number of times you encounter a particular advertisement while visiting the website. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means. In certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information, for example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but doing so may limit your ability to access certain portions of the website or may require you to re-enter your user name and password. Additionally we may not be able to customize the website’s features according to your preferences.

**What we do with the information we collect.**

We will use your information only as permitted by law and as set forth in this policy. Aggregated Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. As one example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive. Aggregated Information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners, but cannot be used to contact you individually.

We also collect information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content and advertising. For example, we may use Personally Identifiable Information collected on the website to communicate with you regarding our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms) and this Privacy Policy, products and services offered by Newsday and other Newsday Affiliates (defined below) and partners, administration of sweepstakes and contests, processing e-commerce transactions and other topics we think you might find of interest. In some cases we may combine Personally Identifiable Information collected on the website with demographic or other information (such as census records or customer information in our regular business records) to assist with tailoring advertising to your preferences and behaviors, and for other sales and marketing efforts of Newsday and its Affiliates. We reserve the right to share information with other Newsday business units and any entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with, Newsday (collectively, “Affiliates”), including without limitation Newsday’s and its Affiliates’ newspapers, websites and broadcast stations.

Personally Identifiable Information collected by Newsday may also be used for other purposes including but not limited to website administration and troubleshooting. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of the website may access such information.

As we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. We may also disclose your information in response to a court order, at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law, in connection with the collection of amounts you may owe to us, and/or whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary to give such information to law enforcement authorities. Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases.

**Your choice to opt out.**

The quality news and information on the website is supported by advertising revenue and a controlled program of e-mail marketing is an important element of our online publishing business. Like other Web publishers, we may permit our advertising and promotional partners to e-mail you about services, features, products, special offers and unique content we believe might interest you. If you prefer not to receive e-mail communications sent directly from our advertisers or promotional partners, you will be given an opportunity to decline before you provide us information we might use for this purpose. If you decline at the time you provide us such information, we will not share the Personally Identifiable Information you provide with non-Affiliate advertisers for such purposes, though we may on occasion send you information on their behalf.

Please note that, in some situations (for example, submitting an entry to a contest or sweepstakes), permitting us to share your Personally Identifiable Information with a non-Affiliate advertiser or sponsor may be a required condition for you to take advantage of certain offers or services on the website. In such cases, we will advise you of this requirement in the terms and conditions of the specific offer or services (for example, the official rules of a contest or sweepstakes). Any permission granted to us by you in connection with your taking advantage of such offers or services to share your Personally Identifiable Information takes precedence over any ‘opt-out’ submitted by you pursuant to the preceding paragraph. 

**Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements.**

Newsday expects its partners, advertisers and third-party Affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. However, third parties, including our partners, advertisers, Affiliates and other content providers accessible through the website, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to the website you may link to, or view as part of a frame on a website page, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also, through the website you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, websites, advertisements, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. Newsday is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party.

While on our site, our advertisers, promotional partners or other third parties may use cookies, web beacons or other technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information about you. For example, some of our advertising may be served by third parties and may include cookies or web beacons that enable the advertiser to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before. Through features available on our website, third parties may use cookies, web beacons or other technology to gather information, including without limitation about your activity on the website. Newsday does not control the use of this technology or the resulting information and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.

A cookie gets entered by your Web browser into the "Cookies" folder on your hard drive after you close your browser, and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the website. We use persistent and session cookies to analyze and enhance your experience on the website, and may use third party ad technology to serve ads. The data that is collected is the property of Newsday, not the third party. We also allow third parties called ad networks or ad servers to serve ads to you on the website. Cookies enable them to compile information about where you, or others who have used your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information makes it possible for the ad technology, ad servers and ad networks to deliver targeted advertisements to you on the website. Newsday does not have access to the cookies that may be placed on your computer by third-party ad technology, ad servers or ad networks. Newsday maintains relationships with a number of third-party networks. Those parties that use cookies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting. 

If you would like to see a representative list of these third party advertising companies and links to more information about their practices and opportunities to opt-out of receiving cookies, please [click here.](https://web.archive.org/services/third-party-advertising-companies-1.3188608)

Also, the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) is a cooperative group of online ad serving providers. Companies that subscribe to the NAI have committed to provide consumers with clear explanations of Internet advertising practices and how they affect you and the Internet generally. For more information about the NAI, third party ad servers generally, and the opt-out opportunities available through the NAI, please [click here.](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

Further, a group of the United States’ largest media and marketing associations have developed The Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising, which is designed to give consumers a better understanding of and greater control over advertising that is customized based on their online behavior (also known as “interest-based” advertising). For more information about this Program, its participating companies, and the opt-out opportunities available through the Program for interest-based advertising, [click here](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/).

Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. Should you choose to voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information on the website, such as in message boards, chat areas or in advertising or notices you post, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of Newsday and this policy.

**Children.**

Newsday does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children under 13 through the website except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 through the website in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe Newsday has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at the address listed below.

**California Privacy Rights**

Beginning January 1, 2005, California law permits visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email or write to us at the contact information below.

**Contacting us.**

We can be reached by contacting:

Newsday LLC  
235 Pinelawn Road  
[Melville](https://web.archive.org/topics/Melville%2C_NY), [New York](https://web.archive.org/topics/New_York_%28state%29) 11747-4250  
[help@newsday.com](mailto:help@newsday.com)

**Changes to this policy.**

Newsday reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the website following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.

**Governing law.**

This policy and the use of the website are governed by [New York](https://web.archive.org/topics/New_York_%28state%29) law. Any claim related to the website or this policy shall be brought in a federal or state court in [Nassau](https://web.archive.org/topics/Nassau_County%2C_NY) or [Suffolk](https://web.archive.org/topics/Suffolk_County%2C_NY) Counties, [New York](https://web.archive.org/topics/New_York_%28state%29), within one year after the claim arises. You agree no such claim may be brought as a class action. Users of the website consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such court as the most convenient and appropriate for the resolution of disputes concerning this policy. The website is controlled, operated and administered entirely within the United States. If you are located outside the United States, please note the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. You hereby consent to this transfer.

Copyright © 2012, Newsday LLC.  
Version: September 2011
