> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the newsmaxworld.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170624130502id_/http%3A//www.newsmax.com/PrivacyStatement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Newsmax.com - Privacy Statement

**March 16, 2016** Newsmax Media, Inc., and its affiliates (“Newsmax”) owns and operates newsmax.com (including the subdomains available thereunder, e.g., http://www.newsmax.com/health, http://www.newsmax.com/finance, and http://www.newsmax.com/world), http://www.newsmaxtv.com, http://lignet.com, http://fbtalliance.com, http://shop.newsmax.com and any affiliated sites (collectively, the “Sites”) as well as makes the same or similar content available via e-mail (“E-mail Content”) and to mobile devices (“Mobile Content”). (Typically app purchases are also subject to the privacy policy of the entity that operates the app store, which are accessible on that entity’s website.) The Sites, E-mail Content, Mobile Content, the Feeds (as defined below), subscription services offered by Newsmax (“Services”), and all related content and products thereto, are collectively referred to herein as “Newsmax Offerings.” Newsmax is committed to respecting the privacy of all visitors to the Newsmax Offerings as described by this Privacy Policy. BY USING THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OF OUR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS INDICATES TO US THAT YOU HAVE READ AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND THAT YOU ACCEPT ANY CHANGES THERETO, WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE ACTUALLY REVIEWED EITHER THE POLICY OR ANY CHANGES THERETO. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT CONTINUE TO USE THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS.

This Privacy Policy explains how we collect your Personal Data (as defined below) on the Newsmax Offerings, how we protect such data, and the choices you have concerning our use of such data. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. This Privacy Policy represents our current (as of the last revised date, above) data collection and usage practices. Newsmax will from time to time review and revise these practices. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy here. Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Newsmax", "we", "us", and "our" means Newsmax Media, Inc. and its affiliates.

This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by the Newsmax Offerings. We are not responsible for the privacy of any information (i) that you reveal or post in any public forum that may be or in the future become available on the Newsmax Offerings, such as message boards or chat rooms, (ii) that is available now to the general public through no action or fault of Newsmax, (iii) that Newsmax receives from any third party reasonably known to have a legal right to transmit such information and under no obligation to keep such information confidential, or (iv) that originates from websites that are operated or owned by third parties that may be linked to or from the Newsmax Offerings.

 **Data Collection**  
Personal data is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you, such as your name, e-mail address, postal address, or phone number ("Personal Data"). Newsmax may collect Personal Data from you when you enroll in, subscribe to or agree to purchase any of our paid goods and services, or register for news alerts on the Newsmax Offerings. In addition to information collected during registration, enrollment, subscription or purchase, Newsmax may collect Personal Data knowingly provided by you in e-mails to the Newsmax Offerings, online forms, order and registration forms, surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and contest entries. Providing this information is always at your option, although your failure to provide Personal Data in such instances may limit your ability to use such features of the Newsmax Offerings.

Newsmax may also collect “Monitoring Data." Monitoring Data is any information that does not reveal your specific identity, such as computer or device type, browser information, app usage data, information collected through cookies and other technologies, demographic information, statistical and aggregated information. We may use Monitoring Data to help us understand who uses the Newsmax Offerings and to improve Newsmax’s websites.

Newsmax may also receive other information about you from third parties, including, for example, demographic data, information about your interests, and information about your activities on other websites.

We will not sell, share, license, trade or rent your Personal Data or other information, other than as specified in this Privacy Policy.

We may, from time to time in emails, alerts or other communications you have agreed to accept from us, include advertisements, sponsorships, other offers from or information about third parties. This does not and will not mean that Newsmax endorses any specific products or services available from such third parties. Such materials from those third parties, regardless of their relationship with us, are provided merely for information purposes and users should make their own judgments and evaluation of any services or products available on any other websites.

**Use of Tracking Tools**  
To enhance the Internet experience on the Newsmax Offerings, Newsmax and service providers it engages may use various Internet technologies such as, ‘cookies,’ ‘web beacons/web bugs,’ ‘action tags,’ ‘.gif tags,’ and ‘JavaScript’ (together, "Tracking Tools"). Tracking Tools are files or tools that are placed on your computer in order to identify your Web browser and the activities of your computer on the Newsmax Offerings. Newsmax uses these technologies to customize and enhance the Internet experience of individual users. When you revisit the Newsmax Offerings, Newsmax may recognize you by a Tracking Tool and customize your experience accordingly. For example, once you have completed the registration process, a cookie will be used to remember your registration preferences. You may decline Internet cookies by using the appropriate feature of your Web browser software, if available. If cookies are disabled, however, all features of the Newsmax Offerings may not operate as intended. Information about the procedure you are required to follow in order to disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider’s website.

We believe Tracking Tool technologies add value to the user experience, and the information obtained through these technologies is not sold or otherwise made available to third parties by Newsmax, other than as may from time to time be specified in this Privacy Policy.

**Use and Sharing of Data Collected**  
Newsmax may use Personal Data and Monitoring Data it collects for editorial and feedback purposes, and to deliver relevant advertising, statistical analysis of users’ behavior, product development, delivering products and services, providing customer support, customizing and improving the content and layout of the Newsmax Offerings, completing business transactions, administering individual accounts and meeting government regulatory requirements such as sales tax collection. Monitoring Data may be used for internal or external purposes such as researching and identifying market segments and needs, and marketing and promotion.

Newsmax may share your Personal Data and other data collected with service providers, affiliates, and subsidiaries in connection with the services we provide.

Newsmax may disclose your Personal Data to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) to comply with applicable laws, rules, or regulations, or to preserve Newsmax’s legal rights in the Newsmax Offerings’ content, whether the same arises from contract or through force of law; (b) to provide you with any services, information, special offers, promotions or products you requested or consented to and to allow us to perform other activities related to such services and products; or (c) to operate these Newsmax Offerings and other of Newsmax’s systems properly. Newsmax may also share your Personal Data with a sponsor or other third party that is interested in serving you ("Third-Party Providers"). You may instruct us at any time not to share your Personal Data with such Third-Party Providers by contacting us in the manner provided under "Your Choices Regarding Personal Data Collection and Use".

Newsmax is not responsible for any further use or disclosure of your Personal Data by Third-Party Providers; such use or disclosure is governed by the Third-Party Providers’ privacy policies.

Newsmax reserves the right to transfer Personal Data and Monitoring Data it collects to successors to the relevant portion of any of Newsmax’s businesses or to independent contractors it engages to assist with or perform on Newsmax’s behalf any of the foregoing activities. Also, if Newsmax’s assets are subject to a claim in bankruptcy, Personal Data and Monitoring Data may be an asset subject to the claims of a trustee in bankruptcy and may be available to Newsmax’s creditors. In addition, Newsmax reserves the right to use Personal Data to contact you regarding your account status and changes to this Privacy Policy or any other policies, agreements or transactions relevant to your use of the Newsmax Offerings. Newsmax will take reasonable steps to maintain the integrity of the collected data so that it is reliable and appropriate for the foregoing uses.

**Activity of Our Business**  
Newsmax may use the Personal Data you share with us to provide you with the information or product(s) you signed up for or purchased. No Personal Data will be given to any third party platform for advertising or marketing purposes.   
We may use third party service providers, such as ad networks, to perform certain advertising activities on our behalf, such as retargeting, but we will not provide them with your Personal Data.  Newsmax advertising does not use segments based on data deemed to be sensitive or segments designed to target children under thirteen (13) years of age to serve or optimize advertisements.

  **Interest Based Advertising**  
We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) who serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated sites. Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your visits to this site and elsewhere over time.

You may visit [www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/) to opt out of this type of advertising by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance self-regulatory program.  Note that electing to opt out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications.  It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. In addition, note that if you use a different browser or erase cookies from your browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.

**Managing Cookies and Opt-Out process**  
A cookie is a small data string that is written on your computer hard drive by a web server. Cookies can play an important role in providing a good customer experience using the web, by helping us customize your website experience. You can manage cookies by using features and functions available on most Internet browsers. The help function of your browser should contain instructions to how to change settings to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued, or to not receive cookies at all. If you decline to receive cookies, certain features of the Newsmax Offerings may not function properly.

**Your Choices Regarding Personal Data Collection and Use**  
You may choose to receive promotional correspondence from Newsmax and its marketing partners by checking the appropriate box when you register or by contacting Newsmax via telephone at 800-485-4350. Newsmax will not share any Personal Data with a third party without giving you the opportunity to choose to share such Data. You may modify, correct, change or update Personal Data that Newsmax has collected via the Newsmax Offerings or request that your Personal Data be removed from Newsmax’s database by contacting Newsmax via the telephone number indicated below. If you have purchased products, including subscriptions, from us in the past, you may also request that your Personal Data be removed from Newsmax’s database by contacting Newsmax via email at [customerservice@Newsmax.com](mailto:customerservice@Newsmax.com), in addition to contacting us by phone at 800-485-4350. In any instance, our removal of such information may require you to register again with Newsmax in the event you later wish full access to the Newsmax Offerings.

You should be aware that it may not be technologically possible to remove or verify each and every record of information you have provided to us from our system. The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your Personal Data may exist in archived systems. However, promptly after receiving your request, all Personal Data stored in databases we actively use and other readily searchable media will be updated, corrected, changed, deleted or confirmed to you, as appropriate, as soon as reasonably practicable.

**Links**  
The Newsmax Offerings may contain links to other websites maintained by third parties ("Other Sites"), either as a hyperlink or through a direct data feed accessed by you. Newsmax does not endorse, and is not responsible for, the privacy practices or the content of these websites. You should review the applicable privacy policies in connection with your use of such third party websites.

**Security Measures**  
Newsmax has established reasonable precautions to protect collected Personal Data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction, which include contractual, administrative, physical, and technical steps. Technical measures include use of firewall protection and encryption technology where appropriate. Although Newsmax takes reasonable precautions to assess the reliability of such technology, it relies on the statements of the vendors of those products and services as part of its security evaluation. BY USING THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND CONSENT TO THE FACT THAT NEWSMAX SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR FAILURES OF SUCH PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND THAT YOU SHALL HAVE RECOURSE SOLELY AGAINST THE MANUFACTURERS OR VENDORS THEREOF. Please note that while Newsmax has endeavored to create secure and reliable sites and mobile application(s) for users, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from Newsmax or the Newsmax Offerings or via email cannot be guaranteed.

 **Contact Information for Newsmax**  
[_terms@newsmax.com_](mailto:terms@newsmax.com). If you choose to contact Newsmax via e-mail regarding this Privacy Policy, or Other Agreements, please mark the subject heading of your e-mail “Privacy Inquiry” or “Purchaser/Subscriber Inquiry,” respectively;

[ _customerservice@newsmax.com_](mailto:customerservice@newsmax.com). If you would like to contact a Newsmax’s customer service agent, and for questions or concerns regarding Newsmax’s data protection practices;

Mail: Newsmax Media, P.O. Box 20989, West Palm Beach, FL 33416.
