> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the news18.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150627170718id_/http%3A//www.news18.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy-News18.com - India News - News18.com

**Privacy Policy** Web18 recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information and will keep the information you entrust to us safely and securely.

**What this Privacy Policy Covers** This policy tells you how Web18 collects information from you, how we protect it and how we use it, and share all personal information which you provide when you use any of Web18 sites (the "Sites"), unless otherwise specified on the relevant site where a different privacy policy will be displayed This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Web18 does not own or control or to people that Web18 does not employ or manage.

**Information Collection and Use** We respect each visitor's right to personal privacy. To that end, we collect and use information throughout our web site only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. This statement applies solely to the information collected on **News18.com**.

We will collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways including directly from you when you register on the Sites, use other Web18 services, enter competitions or prize draws, navigate around our Sites or respond to communications from us. Web18 may also receive personally identifiable information from, third parties including our related companies, our business partners and publicly available sources of information.

The following is what we normally collect about you to help us provide you with our services, where we can: • Personal attributes, name, address, gender, date of birth, email, telephone number, and service details; • Information on how you use our website, including details of your domain name and Internet Protocol address, operating system, browser, cookies, time spent on a page or content, and the route you took to navigate through the pages; • Other data, from time to time, to help us provide you with improved products and services.

If you choose not to provide us with certain information we may not be able to provide you with a particular service. Web18 also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, Web18! cookie information and the page you requested.

In addition, when you use Web18's services, you may make some of your personal information public. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return and Web18 will not be responsible for the use or misuse of such information. The main uses of your personal information are to verify your identity; to help provide our services; to administer those services; to enable us to review and improve our service to provide access to certain areas of the website; to personalise your visit to our site; to run competitions and games and to assist with advertising and other revenue generation functions. The information we collect is also used to notify visitors about events, changes and other information about this web site. The information we collect is never shared with other organizations for commercial or other purposes. This information may be used for marketing (where you have agreed to this) and for market research purposes, including internal demographic studies, to provide, optimise and personalise our services and to send you newsletters and information (where you have agreed to this) about our products and services. We may use information about you to create a picture of your interests. This will allow us to understand our customers and visitors better, so we can make our services and marketing more relevant. Information that we use in this way may include: (i) information about your use of this and other Web18 Sites; (ii) household classification data, (iii) your responses to communications from us; (iv) your interaction with other parts of the Web18 Group; (v) information you provide when you register on a Site; (vi) customer surveys; (vii) information provided by other companies, where you gave them permission to share this information. We may use a variety of technical methods such as cookies and web beacons to collate this information (see the section below on "Use of Cookies" for further information).

**Information Sharing and Disclosure** Web18 will NOT disclose personally identifiable information about you to third parties except in the following situations:
