> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the newtabking.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231062933id_/http%3A//www.newtabking.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# New Tab King privacy policy

At NewTabKing we respect and understand our product users' concerns about confidentiality and privacy and we take all reasonable steps to ensure that any personally identifiable information that you give us is handled in a safe and responsible manner. Because of our respect and understanding of your rights, we have developed this policy which discloses the privacy practices of NewTabKing and describes the information we collect about you during your use of our site and what use we may make of that information. It is important to remember that by using our site, you agree to the terms of this policy. This policy applies to personally identifiable information consisting of but not limited to your name, and email address as well as cookies collected during your usage of the site. All visitors to this site are subject to this Privacy Notice and all provisions of the Terms of Use. 

Because the technology in this area is expanding and improving at such a rapid pace, we suggest that you refer to this policy on a regular basis as it may change, at any time in NewTabKing sole discretion, in order to allow NewTabKing to take advantage of any technological advances or for business purposes or legal reasons. 

**Information That We May Collect**

In the course of using our site, we automatically track certain information about your online activity. This information includes the URL that you just came from, which URL you go to next, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol (IP) address. Many sites automatically collect this information. In addition, we may decide to use cookies on certain pages of our site. Cookies can help us provide information which is targeted to your interests. Cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on our site. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted at the end of a session. In the event that we use cookies, you will be free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits. If you send us personal correspondences, such as e-mails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.   

**Our Disclosure of Your Information**

We do not sell, lend or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party outside of NewTabKing, its parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, operating companies and other related entities. We only disclose personally identifiable information to third parties when it is reasonably necessary in order to allow us to perform our services. We cooperate with all law enforcement inquires and with all third parties to enforce, the rights of others and all and any federal, state or local law or regulation. Unfortunately, due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personally identifiable information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access files, transmissions or private communications. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials, including any government officials, as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will always remain private. NewTabKing may share your information with our affiliates and related companies. Additionally, NewTabKing may share transfer or assign your personally identifiable information if NewTabKing is merged or reorganized into a new entity or into a parent affiliate, subsidiary, operating company or other related entities.

**Third Party Collectors of Information**

Our policy only addresses the use and disclosure of personally identifiable information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to third parties, whether they are service providers, advertisers or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the personally identifiable information you disclose to them. Third party service providers and advertisers adhere to their own privacy customs and policies. Because we do not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of that third party. We do not make any representations or warranties as to how such third parties may use your information.

**Our Commitment to Data Security**

The security of your information is important to us. When you enter sensitive personal identifying information, we transfer it in encrypted form and store it on secured machines. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, however, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we utilize commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  

**Contacting the Website.**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or our practices regarding our site, you can [click here](mailto:info%20\[at\]%20newtabking.com) to contact our customer care team.
