> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the xcloudgame.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190703095420id_/http%3A//www.xcloudgame.com/%3Fm%3DNews%26a%3Ddetail%26nid%3D104) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# innews

Xcloudgame respect the privacy of its on-line visitors and recognize the importance of providing a secure environment for them. We have adopted a company wide On-Line Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store, and use the information you provide us. This Privacy Policy details how Xcloudgame safeguards the privacy of its on-line visitors and does not apply to information that may be collected by Xcloudgame off-line. Please note that when you link to other sites from a Xcloudgame website, this Privacy Policy does not apply to, and cannot control the activities on, those other sites.   
Xcloudgame has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at privacy@Xcloudgame.com.   
What personal information is collected?   
Xcloudgame only collects personal information on a voluntary basis. If an on-line visitor submits information to Xcloudgame, it will usually take the form of either: (1) the purchase of goods or services though our on-line stores, (2) product or account registration, or registration for on-line game participation, (3) player match-up services, (4) message boards or forums, (5) eCards or Recruit-a-Friend e-mails, (6) warranty registrations, (7) contest registrations, (8) a consumer complaint, (9) surveys, (10) customer service or technical support, and/or (11) newsletters. Personal information collected may include your name, home address, phone number, and/or e-mail address. We do not require this information to gain access to our sites, however, you will not be able to utilize certain products, services, or features that require registration or receive materials such as newsletters unless such information is provided.   
Visitors purchasing products or services will be required to provide additional information such as a valid credit card number, expiration date, and shipping and billing addresses.   
Please note that, depending on the Xcloudgame site that you are visiting, many of the activities listed above may not be available and, as such, personal information may not be collected.   
What other types of information may we collect?   
For some activities, we may ask you to create a username and password and/or to provide other, non-personal information such as your age, date of birth, gender, and/or game and platform preferences; and, combine such information with your personal information. In addition, your web browser or client software may transmit certain geographic information or information regarding your computer (capabilities, game data processing, etc.) to Xcloudgame. Xcloudgame may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about our user community and may provide such information to advertisers and/or our partners. In addition, Xcloudgame may use such information for security, system integrity (the prevention of hacking, cheats, etc.), or enforcement purposes. From time to time, we may also post customer testimonials that contain personally identifiable information on Xcloudgame’s websites. However, we will obtain the customer’s consent to post these testimonials prior to publication in accordance with the applicable Xcloudgame Terms of Use (TOU).   
How do we use your personal information?   
The personal information you provide Xcloudgame will allow us to fulfill your product or service order; alert you of new products or services, features, or enhancements; handle/route your customer service or technical support questions or issues; to send eCards or “Recruit-a-Friend” emails; and/or notify you of upgrade opportunities, contests, promotions, or special events and offers. Xcloudgame may enhance or merge the personal information collected at a Xcloudgame site with data from third parties in order to update your contact information, perform market analysis, or improve our products, services, or systems. Xcloudgame may also provide your personal information to other companies or organizations that offer products or services that may be of interest to you. In such cases, we will notify you that the information will be shared and provide you with an opportunity to opt-out.   
Lastly, we may use your personal information for internal marketing, profiling, or demographic purposes, so we can adapt our products and services to better suit your needs. We do this to better understand and serve our customers.   
Please be advised that personal information submitted by individuals acting solely in a business capacity (e.g., personal information contained in job applicant's resume) is not subject to the uses set forth above or to any other practices stated in this Privacy Policy.   
What type of communications may I receive?   
Special Offers and Updates   
We will occasionally send you information on products, services, special deals, and promotions. Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications. Please see the “Choice” section below.   
Service-related Announcements   
We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature.   
Customer Service   
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.   
Recruit a Friend/E-cards   
If you choose to use our recruit-a-friend or e-card features, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. Xcloudgame does not store this information and uses it for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and to track the success of our referral program.   
Who is collecting your information?   
When you are asked for information while on a Xcloudgame site, you are sharing that information with Xcloudgame, its parent, and its various affiliates and sister companies, unless specifically stated otherwise. As a result of this sharing, you may receive communications from any of Xcloudgame's affiliates. In addition, some services are provided in conjunction with partner companies. If your personal information is being collected by another company other than Xcloudgame, you will be notified at the time the information is collected. If you do not want your information shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer of information by not using that particular service or by not providing any information at that time.   
Please be aware that we cannot control the activities of third parties to whom we provide data, and as such we cannot guarantee that they adhere to the same privacy and security procedures as Xcloudgame.   
Please be aware that advertisers or websites with links to and from our sites may collect personal information about you. And remember, this Privacy Policy does not apply to, and cannot control the activities of, those other advertisers or websites.   
With whom may your personal information be shared?   
Xcloudgame may need to disclose your personal information to third party vendors to fulfill product orders or prizes, to process mailings, or to process, analyze, and/or store data on Xcloudgame’s behalf. We will attempt to ensure that these entities do not use your personal information for any other purpose, and that they have agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us. These service providers may not use your personal information for their own marketing purposes.   
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against you if you are violating the Terms of Service or Use Agreements for a Xcloudgame site or product, or may be causing injury to or interference (intentionally or unintentionally) with Xcloudgame's rights or property, other users of a Xcloudgame site or product, or anyone else who could be harmed by your activities. We also reserve the right to disclose your personal information if we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities.   
As with any business, your personal information is also an asset of Xcloudgame and will become part of our normal business records. As such, we may also disclose your personal information to a third party if we decide to sell a line of business to that third party, so you can continue to receive service and information in connection with that line of business with as little disruption as possible. Similarly, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, your personal information may be transferred to Xcloudgame 's successor or assign.   
Xcloudgame sites may also have message boards, forums, and/or chat areas, where users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another. When posting to a message board, forum, or chat area, please be aware that the information is being made publicly available on-line and the user does so at his or her own risk. For certain forums, anyone posting or replying to a post may be doing so using their Real ID -- that is, their full first and last name -- with the option to also display the name of their primary in-game character. See discussion regarding Real ID below. If your personal information is posted on one of our community forums, you may contact us at privacy@Xcloudgame.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.   
What choices do I have regarding the collection, use, and distribution of my personal information?   
Xcloudgame allows you to control the way that we use personal identifying information that we might obtain. At the time you provide personal information, Xcloudgame may give you the option of declining any future offers or information about new products, promotions, or services. In addition, many of the "mailings" Xcloudgame may send you, such as newsletters, have procedures within them to cancel the receipt of any future mailings. Lastly, you may be given the opportunity to "opt-out" of certain features or functionality (e.g. Real ID).   
What are cookies and clear gifs and how are they used?   
Cookies are a feature of your Web browser that allows Web sites to transfer bits of information to your computer for record-keeping purposes. A cookie stored on your computer can be used to "remember" things like your password, or that you have already registered. This allows us to speed up your future activities, saving the time you would normally spend entering information such as your password or registration. In addition, Xcloudgame may use cookies to retrieve user information for promotional, marketing, or security purposes.   
Xcloudgame and our third-party tracking service also employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. These clear gifs are not tied to personally identifiable information.   
Our third-party tracking service uses cookies and clear gifs to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate. They capture usage and volume statistics to help improve our Web site. We have no access or control of these third-party tracking utilities.   
We also use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. For this reason, these types of clear gifs are tied to personally identifiable information.   
What are Internet protocol addresses?   
An Internet protocol ("IP") address is the unique number assigned to your server or Internet Service Provider ("ISP"). Xcloudgame may track such IP addresses for system administration, to report aggregate information, site tracking, security purposes, or to prevent our servers from being abused.   
What do I do if I want to correct or delete my personal information?   
If for any reason you are concerned with the way we are using your personal information, or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information, please contact us by e-mailing us at privacy@Xcloudgame.com. We will respond to any request for access within 30 days.   
In some cases, we may not be able to delete your personal information and will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.   
Please note that the deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your account and applicable services.   
How secure is my personal information?   
Xcloudgame has taken steps to assure that all information collected will remain secure and in its original form, i.e. free from any alteration. As such, access to all personal information is strictly controlled. When credit card information is transmitted, for example, we use industry standard, SSL (secure sockets layer) encryption. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any data will provide sufficient protection of personal information. We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services.   
What if I have a question or complaint?   
If you have any questions or wish to file a complaint, please feel free to e-mail us at privacy@Xcloudgame.com.   
By using this Website, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use this site. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the change on this website or in this Privacy Policy and, if necessary, give you additional choices regarding such change. Your continued use of the Xcloudgame website will signify your acceptance of these changes.
