> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pinhopes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-07-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140702095345id_/https%3A//www.pinhopes.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This website (the "Site"), as well as the website that linked you to this Privacy Policy (the "Policy"), are owned and operated by Smartrplanet Services India Pvt. Ltd.(the 'Company"). Your privacy is very important to the Company. This Policy details how the Company collects and uses the personal information you provide. The Company shares your personal information with an OBS representative (the "representative") who will contact you in order to discuss the information you requested. The Representative is not an employee of the Company, but rather an independent distributor with whom the Company will share your personal information in order for the Representative to contact you ONLY in regards to the information you expressed interest in. The company may also resell, share, or disclose your personal information to carefully selected third parties. Changes to this Policy will be made by posting a new Policy on the Site. For this reason, the Company recommends that you review The Policy posted on the Site regularly so that you can stay informed of Company practices.

By visiting the Site, using the advertised products or services, downloading/installing and/or using our application on a mobile phone, or by voluntarily submitting information to the Company, you agree that you are accepting the practices described in the Policy, and you expressly agree to accept offers from the Company, as well as offers sent by the Company on behalf of the Company’s affiliated companies (the "Affiliates"), advertising businesses (the “Businesses”), and carefully selected third parties. The company may also resell, share, or disclose your personal information with the Affiliates or Businesses.

**About the Company:**

The Company is an online recruitment portal. Established in January 2014, Smartrplanet Services India Pvt. Ltd. is focused on developing a new-age recruitment destination to dramatically improve the pace, quality, and reliability of the online recruitment process. Headquartered in Mysore, the Smartrplanet team constantly strives to uncover fresh and contemporary approaches to better the online recruitment process backed by the latest technology. To cater to customers, consumers and Businesses, the Company collects and uses certain information. The type of personal information the Company collects, together with a description of how the Company uses such personal information is described in this Policy.

**Information Collection:**

While on the Site, you may choose to provide personal information to the Company by voluntarily completing any of the online forms, contests, surveys advertisements, or email. The personal information you provide to the Company may include such things as your name, mailing address, electronic mail address, self- promoting recorded video and telephone number(s). In addition, you may choose to provide the Company with such other additional personal information including your age, existing and/or desired income, personal interests and goals, employment interests and history, and biographical information. You may also choose to provide us with your credit card information if you are ordering a product from the Site. The personal information you provide may be dependent upon the online form, contest, survey and/or advertisement to which you are responding and expressing an interest. All of the personal information we collect is clearly labelled at the time you submit it. You are under no obligation to provide such personal information and can choose not to provide such information simply by not entering it or emailing it when asked. Please be aware that failing to provide such personal information may affect your ability to obtain access to the offer(s), information, product(s), and/or service(s) in which you are expressing an interest.

Additionally, the Company collects your IP address monitors or tracks your viewing habits and retains your user identity, by causing the Company’s server to send a “cookie” to your computer. Such cookies merely track aggregate information on how the Site or the online form, contest, survey and/or advertisement is being viewed or used, including navigation patterns, pages visited, etc., together with your user identity. In short, the Company uses cookies in order to recognize you.

**Information Security:**

The Company is committed to protecting the security and integrity of the personal information you supply. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, the Company has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures reasonably designed to safeguard and secure the information the Company collects online. The Company uses, at a minimum, the SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) protocol and 2048 - bit encryption to secure personal information. In addition, Company personnel who have access to the Company’s database are required and trained to maintain and secure all information. You acknowledge and agree that no security measures can completely guarantee the safety and security of your personal information, and that the Company will not be liable for any breach of security.

The Company takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, we strive to ensure that their information is protected both online and offline. Please be aware however that no data transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be completely guaranteed to be absolutely secure.

**Purposes of Personal Information Collection and Use:**

If, in order to purchase a product or service accessible through the Site, you supply your credit card information to the Company, the Company will use your credit card information for the purposes of processing payment of your order. This is accomplished by the Company sharing your credit card information with the Representative who charges the card and causes the requested information to be shipped to you. The Representative may not use your credit card information for any other purposes other than to fulfil charges you agreed to YOUR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION IS NEVER SOLD, SHARED, OR DISCLOSED TO OTHER PUBLIC THIRD PARTIES. The Company however does share your credit card information with the Representative in order for the Representative to charge the card and ship out the Business Opportunity information you requested.

With the exception of any credit card information you provide, the Company uses the personal information that you provide to cause information, offers, products, or services that appear to the Company to be consistent with your interests to be directed to you. The Company also uses your personal information to direct information, offers, products, or services from the Company, the Affiliates or the Businesses to you, and to ensure the accuracy and integrity of the records the Company maintains. Your personal information will be used for marketing purposes by the Company. In addition, your personal information may be used by the Company on behalf of the Affiliates, one or more of the Businesses, and/or third parties with whom the Company deals with.

You agree to receive a newsletter from the Company, or from the Company on behalf of a carefully selected source, as well as any other Company selected offers or offers sent by the Company on behalf of a third party. There is no cost to receive these newsletter(s).

The Company may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with the Company’s server, to administer the Site, or to administer the various online advertisements, contests or surveys that are accessible through the Site. Your IP address may also be used to gather broad demographic information.

Any information the Company tracks via use of "cookies" will be used to identify you when you return to the Site, and/or to provide you with a more relevant and tailored online experience.

In providing your personal information to the Company, you consent to the collection and use of such personal information as set out in this Policy. Your personal information may be collected, used, and/or stored (as set out in his Policy) both inside and outside of Canada. Except as set out in this Policy, or as authorized or required by law, the Company will not collect, use or disclose your personal information without your consent. The Company will store your personal information only as long as is necessary for the purposes identified in this Policy or as required by law.

**Third Party Use:**

The Company will not resell, share, or disclose your personal information to any third parties other than as explained above.

**Access to Personal Information:**

You may request access to your personal information and the ways in which that information has been used. Requests for access to personal information must be made in writing and sent via mail to the Smartrplanet Services India Pvt. Ltd, #23, 1st Main, A-1 Block, 3rdStage, Vijaynagar, Mysore - 570017. The letter must be clearly marked "Access to Personal Information Request". If you make a request to access your personal information, the Company will insist on verification of your identity. The Company may charge a minimal fee to process such a request and you should verify the amount at the time of making the request. When providing the information you request, the Company will edit out certain information as required or authorized by law, including the personal information of other Individuals, information that is subject to an investigation and confidential commercial information.

**Withdrawal of Consent:**

You may withdraw your consent to the Company’s collection or use of your personal information at any time upon reasonable notice to us. Notice of your withdrawal of consent must be made in writing and sent via mail to Smartrplanet Services India Pvt. Ltd, #23, 1st Main, A-1 Block, 3rdStage, Vijaynagar, Mysore - 570017. The letter must be clearly marked "Withdrawal of Consent Notice". Any withdrawal of consent is subject to legal restrictions, and you understand and agree that the Company is not liable for any use of your personal information prior to the withdrawal of your consent.

**Contacting Us:**

If you wish to access, update or change any of the personal information that you have provided to the Company, or if you have any questions or concerns about the collection or use of your personal information, you may contact the Company’s Privacy Officer by mail to Smartrplanet Services India Pvt. Ltd, #23, 1st Main, A-1 Block, 3rd Stage, Vijaynagar, Mysore - 570017
