> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pinoytvtambayans.su privacy policy that was archived on 2019-02-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190224121458id_/http%3A//pinoytvtambayans.su/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – PinoyTvTambayans.su : It's great to be a man, but it's also hard work

Our Privacy Policy was last updated on  **November 26, 2018**.

It governs the privacy terms of all websites and its social networking accounts(collectively,  **“Summit Sites”** ) under the Summit Publishing Co. Inc.brand (collectively,  **“Summit Media”** ) and its affiliates to which this policy is linked to.

## Purpose and Scope of this Privacy Policy and Definitions

**Summit Media**  (defined above) follows all legal requirements to protect your privacy. This Privacy policy is a legal statement that explains how we may collect information from you, how we may share your information, and how you can limit our sharing of your information.

**“Non-Personal Information”**  is information that is not personally identifiable to you and that we automatically collect when you access the Summit Sites (defined above) with a web or mobile browser. It may also include publicly available information that is shared between you and others.

**“Personally Identifiable Information”**  is non-public information that is personally identifiable to you and obtained in order for us to provide you within the Summit Sites. Personally Identifiable Information may include information such as your name, email address, and other related information that you provide us or that we obtain about you.

  * By submitting your Personally Identifiable Information through any of the Summit Sites, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
  * This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Summit Media and only applies to the Summit Sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Summit Media websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-SummitMedia websites, including those linked to or advertised on the Summit Sites. Any information you provide when you visit the Summit Sites other than those covered by this Policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites.
  * Certain features of the Summit Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions, which will be posted on the Summit Site in connection with such features. All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy.



## How We Collect Information

**Information You Provide**. Summit Media generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide. For instance, when you create an account or register on any of the Summit Sites, participate in a promo or a contest, complete a survey, participate in any of our community forums, make a purchase within any of the Summit Sites, participate in any of our social networking features, subscribe to any of our magazines, subscribe to receive newsletters, promotional correspondence, or other electronic services, or send us an email or feedback, you may be asked to provide information such as your email address, name, phone or mobile number, address, and/or billing information, and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities. Information such as birthday, gender, level of education, relationship status, location, and household income, type of home, and hobbies or interest may also be requested. If you elect to post your own material to any of the Summit Sites, community forums, participate in any of our social networking features or any feature that may be offered in the Summit Sites, then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view.

**Information we collect automatically**. When you use any of the Summit Sites, we automatically collect certain computer information by the interaction of your mobile phone or web browser with any of the Summit Sites. Such information is typically considered Non-Personal Information.

We also collect the following:

  * Summit Media (or third party service providers on our behalf) may set and access Cookies and similar technologies on your computer. A Cookie is a small piece of data (often including a unique identifier) that is stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser when you visit a website. We use Cookies to understand site usage and improve the content and offerings on the Summit Sites and in other media. We may use Cookies to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns on the Summit Sites, to deliver editorial content, to record requests for subscriptions, and to personalize the content that you see on the Summit Sites. Summit Media (or third party service providers on our behalf) may also use Cookies to collect aggregate information about website users on an anonymous basis ( **“Anonymous Information”** ). We may share aggregate demographics and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners, advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose.
  * Some of our third party partners (including advertisers and marketing services companies) may set and access Cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well, or we may do so on their behalf. We do not have control over how these third parties use such Cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom.
  * Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access full functionality of the Summit Sites correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information on Cookies.
  * **IP Address**.Your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g. another website or search engine); the pages you visit on the Summit Sites, the web sites you visit after this website; the ads you see; the ads you click on; other information about the type of web browser, computer operating system, device, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic information, analyze trends among our Users to help us improve and administer the Summit Sites. We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Summit Sites, customers or others.
  * **Third Party Tracking Tools.**  We also use third party tracking tools to improve the performance and features of the Summit Sites. These third party tracking tools are designed to collect only Non-Personal Information about your use of the Summit Sites. However, you understand that such tools are created and managed by parties outside our control. As such, we are not responsible for what information is actually captured by such third parties or how such third parties use and protect that information.



## How We Use Your Information

We use the information we receive from you as follows:

  * **Provide you with the services you requested**. If you subscribe to any of our services, we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice about the subscription. Similarly, if you enter a promo or a contest, we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner. We might also send out e-mails to users and promo/contest entrants to announce special offers, services and announcements from any of the Summit Sites, our partners and/or our advertisers.
  * **Customizing and Improving Our Website**. We also use your information that may include Personally Identifiable Information to identify you as a user, improve the Summit Sites and services, send you administrative notifications, and respond to your inquiries.
  * **Marketing Purposes**. We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise, including from third parties, for the purpose of marketing the Summit Sites. We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion.
  * **Editorial Purposes**. In Addition, we may use information you provide us through emails, Q&A, community forums, in response to polls, or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes, and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Magazines. If you provide us with personal anecdotes, they may be attributed to you. Summit Media can edit, rewrite, use, and reuse the content, including your name, likeness, photograph, and biographical information you provide, with or without attribution, including publication in the Magazines, and in trade media, and advertising.
  * **Data Aggregation**. We retain the right to collect and use any Non Personal Information collected from your use of the Summit Sites and aggregate such data for internal analytics that improve our Website and Service as well as for use or resale to others. At no time is your Personally Identifiable Information included in such data aggregations.



## Disclosure of Your Information

  *     * In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy, Summit Media may (and you authorize us to) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations:
    * We utilize third party service providers to provide products, services or functions on our behalf (such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions), and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose(s) for which we hired them. ( **“Service Provider Exception”** )
    * You have entered a promo or a contest sponsored by a third party, in which case the information you provide via the promo/contest may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion, including direct marketing. Some of our promos and contests will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor, in which case we will honor your selection. Other contests will not give you that option and in that event, if you do not want your information to be shared, you should not enter the contest. The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies.



The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an affiliate of Summit Media.

  * In accordance with your indicated preferences (e.g., you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner).
  * The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you.
  * You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in (examples include, without limitation, e-commerce partners, services to help old friends locate you online, etc.)
  * We may be legally required to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information, if such disclosure is (a) required subpoena, law, or other legal process; (b) necessary to assist law enforcement officials or government enforcement agencies; (c) necessary to investigate violations of or otherwise enforce our Legal Terms; (d) necessary to protect us from any legal action or claims from third parties including you and/or other Members; and/or (e) we have reason to believe that it is necessary for protection from someone who may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users, employees, our affiliates, and the general public, or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right, including our Terms of Use (collectively,  **“Legal Exceptions”** ).
  * In connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether assets, stock, or otherwise, including via bankruptcy) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Summit Sites to which this policy applies, in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this Privacy Policy (collectively,  **“Acquisition Exception”** ).
  * **Social Networks**. If you use your login credentials from a social networking site (e.g. Facebook or Twitter) (collectively,  **“SNS”** ) on a Summit Site, we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions (e.g., terms of use and privacy policy) of the SNS ( **“SNS Terms”** ). If you elect to share your information with these SNS, we will share information with them in accordance with your election. The SNS Terms of the SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them.
  * **Third Party Partners**. Some of the Summit Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities, games, services, subscriptions, and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis. Those transactions may take place on a Summit Site, or the site of the third party. In either case, Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by, or shared by Summit Media with, the third party, as well as with any participating sponsor or advertisers of such opportunities and features. Some of the Summit Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration process; in that event, your applicable registration information may be collected directly by, or shared by Summit Media with, the third party partner. These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy.
  * **Delivery of Advertising and Other Content**. In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly, we use third party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit a Summit Site. Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you. In the course of doing so, a unique third-party Cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies.
  * **Third-party Advertising Companies.**  We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (your cookies and device id) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click pinoytvtambayans.su.



## Right to Opt-out

  * **Email Policy**. We and our affiliates and partners fully comply with national laws regarding SPAM. If you wish to opt out our email services, you may do so by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email you received. We agree that we will not sell, rent, or trade your email address to any unaffiliated third-party partners without your permission.
  * **User Registration**. You may elect to change the details of your user registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Profile. If you wish to cancel or delete your User Registration, you may contact us at Admin@pinoytvtambayans.su. Please take note that when we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may retain in our archives. We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes.
  * If you have opted-out as described above, and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party (e.g., you enter a promo or a contest), then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service. Despite your indicated preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices about your subscription, and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provide Exception, Legal Exception, and Acquisition Exception described above.



## Security of your Personally Identifiable Information

We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information. Please do not disclose your registration password to other people. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while Summit Media uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, Summit Media cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Child and Parents

The Summit Sites are not designed for use by anyone under age 13(“Child”). If you’re a Child, please seek the permission of your Parent or Guardian before using our website. If you are a Parent or Guardian and believe that your Child is using our website, please contact us at Admin@pinoytvtambayans.su to request deletion of any information provided by your Child and indicate in the subject line  **“Deletion Request for Minor”**. We reserve the right to ask you for verification of your relationship to the Child before we honor such a request. If we discover that a Child has created an account on our website, we will immediately delete the account as soon as possible. We will not use the information for any purpose, and we will not disclose the information to third parties. However, as a Parent or Guardian of such a Child, you understand that you are legally liable for any transactions created by the Child. There are commercially available tools to help you limit your Child’s exposure to materials online. If your Child posted comments on a Summit Site, you may also request for us to delete this comments,by providing us with the website live URL address where the content resides, a copy of the content (cut and pasted into your email), and the date of publication and, if applicable, the user name associated with it. We will act as promptly as possible to remove any information (except in certain circumstances mandated by law). Note that our deletion does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of your content from the internet and comments that may have been posted by others about you and your Child or your posting will remain accessible online.

## Non-Philippine Residents

If you are located outside the Philippines, please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the Philippines, where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less or more stringent than the laws in your country. By using this website, you consent to this transfer and processing. You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this website in the accordance with the laws of the Philippines.

## Privacy Policy Updates

We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy anytime. If we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information, we may notify you of the changes on our website, by email, or by any method we determine. The method we chose is our sole discretion. Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon Fifteen (15) days following our posting of notice of the changes on our website and will replace any prior Privacy Policies. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our website. Continued use of our website, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

## Questions about our Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy anytime. If we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information, we may notify you of the changes on our website, by email, or by any method we determine. The method we chose is our sole discretion. Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon Fifteen (15) days following our posting of notice of the changes on our website and will replace any prior Privacy Policies. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our website. Continued use of our website, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

If you have any concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy, please feel free to contact us at:

  *  6F, 7F, & 8F Robinsons Cybergate Center Tower 3, Robinsons Pioneer Complex, Pioneer St. Mandaluyong City 1550 PhilippinesAdmin@pinoytvtambayans.su


