> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pinstorm.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122164128id_/http%3A//www.pinstorm.com/privacy-policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Pinstorm - The pay-for-performance digital marketing firm that guarantees results

This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for Pinstorm.com. Pinstorm Technologies Pvt. Ltd., the provider of the Website (referred to as "us" or "we"), is committed to protecting your privacy online. Please read the following to learn what information we collect from you (the "User" or the "End User") and how we use that information. By accessing or using our website, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound to all the terms of this privacy policy and our website terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms, exit this page and do not access or use the website. 

  1. Changes to Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised Privacy Policy in the "Privacy Policy" section of the Website. The revised Privacy Policy is effective immediately when posted on the Website. It is the responsibility of each User to review the Website and the Privacy Policy periodically to learn of any revisions to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website after the effectiveness of such revisions will constitute your acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of the revised Privacy Policy. 
  2. Types of Information Collected and Uses of Collected Information We collect two types of information about our Website Users: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.   
Personally Identifiable Information. Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a specific End User. When you engage in certain activities on the Website, such as filling out a form, requesting information about our services, applying for a job, posting a video or signing up for special offers from third parties through the Website (collectively, "Identification Activities"), we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. It is optional for you to engage in an Identification Activity. If you elect to engage in an Identification Activity, however, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), email address and telephone number. Depending on the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some is identified as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory information for a particular activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity.   
We use Personally Identifiable Information to provide products and services to you and third party advertisers, administer sweepstakes and contests, enhance the operation of the Website, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze Website use, improve our product and service offerings, and to tailor your experience with third parties as provided in Item 3 of this Privacy Policy. In addition, if you use our Website to send information or a product to another person, we may store your personal information, and the personal information of any recipient. We may use that other person's contact information to allow him or her to access the information you requested we send. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Website Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.   
Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific End User. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website you visited before coming to our Website, the URL of the website you visit after leaving our Website, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. We, and/or our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our Website through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags, as described in Items 4 and 8 of this Privacy Policy.   
We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Website, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers. 
  3. Release of Personally Identifiable Information We will not share your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as provided in pt. 2.   
Additionally, we may share your information for our Protection and the Protection of Others. We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or a court order; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Website Terms of Use or other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of the Website, its Users or others. 
  4. Release of Non-Personally Identifiable Information We will not share your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as provided in pt. 2.   
We also use Third Party Service Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our Users to administer our Website and constantly improve its quality. Please note that this is not Personally Identifiable Information, only general summaries of the activities of our Users. Such data is collected on our behalf, and is owned and used by us. 
  5. Updating and Correcting Information We believe that you should have the ability to access and edit the Personally Identifiable Information you provide us. You may change any of your Personally Identifiable Information shared through our Contact Us page by sending us an email at info@pinstorm.com. Please indicate your name, address and email address, and what information you would like to update when you contact us.For Personally Identifiable Information shared on the websites of our advertisers please refer to the Privacy Policy of that domain for details.   
We encourage you to promptly update your Personally Identifiable Information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on the Website. In addition, in may be impossible for us to completely delete all of your information because we periodically backup information. 
  6. User Choices on Collection and Use of Information As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, although it may be required to engage in a certain activity on the Website. Except as provided for in points 2 – 4, we will not use your information. 
  7. Data Tracking Cookies. To facilitate and customize your experience with the Website, we store cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a User's computer for record-keeping purposes which contains information about that User. We use cookies to save you time while using the Website, remind us who you are, and track and target User interests in order to provide a customized experience. Cookies also allow us to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information from you, like which pages you visited and what links you clicked on. Use of this information helps us to create a more user-friendly experience for all visitors. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of the Website may not work properly.


