> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bytefence.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190710144203id_/https%3A//www.bytefence.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ByteFence | Download Free Antivirus for PC

Last updated on: April 10th, 2019 

This ByteFence Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to provide you with clarity about Byte Technologies LLC. powered by Reason Cybersecurity LTD (“our”, “we” or “us”) practices with respect to the information we collect when you use the ByteFence website available at: www.bytefence.com (the “Website”) and ByteFence Anti-Malware software (the “Software” or “ByteFence”) and how we use it. This Privacy Policy applies to the Website and the Software and does not apply to any third party services, websites, software and content that may be available as part of, linked to, from or in conjunction with the Website and/or the Software. 

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the ByteFence [Terms of Use](https://www.bytefence.com/terms.html) (“TOS”). 

  1. **Access, Collection and Use of Information:**
    * Website Information.
      1. When you use the Website, we may collect and use information from your device including your IP address, user agent, your activity log on the Website, a unique identifier generated by us, your operating system and browser, and the files and URLs you upload for scanning. Further, if you are a PC user and you choose to purchase the Pro Version of the Software, we will collect your name, phone number and email address.
      2. We may use your email address for advertising purposes, as part of an audience list. If you wish to opt-out from the inclusion of your email address in such audience list, please contact us at: [support@bytefence.com](mailto:support@bytefence.com).
      3. We use this information also for payment purposes and in order to provide you notices regarding the Software you purchased, if applicable.
      4. We also use this information for marketing purposes.
      5. Cookies. When you use the website will collect and use certain information through “cookies”, which are small text files that are saved by your browser when you access the Website. Although most browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies. Please note, however, that if you don't accept cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Website. Some third-party services providers that we engage may also place their own cookies on your browser. Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of cookies and does not include use of cookies by such third parties.
    * If you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland, the following provisions apply to you: 
      1. We act as a controller and process personal data as necessary for the performance of our contract with you. Accordingly, we will process your personal data as necessary to operate our website, to reply to your queries.
      2. We also process for marketing purposes on the basis of our legitimate interest.
      3. Legal necessity - We may process your information for compliance with applicable legal obligations.
      4. Data subject rights - Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. In order to submit a request for accessing and/or deleting your information, please follow the below instructions: Please send us an email to data_requests@bytefence.com. Following internal verification, you will receive a return email which will include a link to a data request page, where you are welcome to submit your request for accessing/deleting your personal data and it will be promptly address by our support team. Please note that we will process your request subject to verification of your identity.
      5. Complaint to supervisory authority - You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of your country or domicile) where we have not addressed your concerns.
    * Software Information.
      1. PC users - Once you install the Software we will collect the following data (unless you disable the Software): (i) technical information including, your IP Address, browser type and version, operating system, and from the date in which you installed the Software, meta data on unknown files, browser add-ons and extensions (as applicable), (ii) date and time of launching and scanning, updating and uninstalling the Software as well as the Software’s most used features; and (iii) your country (based on your IP address). Further, we will collect the files and URLs you upload for scanning on it, the files and URLs that the Software detects as threats and the files that were removed by the Software and to serve you with advertising. In addition, we may use certain information to improve the quality of the Software and to add new features, functionality, and services to it. Further, if you chose to purchase the Pro Version of the Software, we will combine your information provided by you with all the foregoing information.
      2. Mac users - We collect a unique id which is based on your Mac GUID (a unique identifier of your device hardware) and your IP address. We also collect basic information about your device, such as operating system details, default browser, and device manufacturer. We will use such information for the provision of the software, for improving our services, and for internal purposes such as debugging, security and reporting and analytics.
      3. Information You Provide Us. When you send us emails, you are communicating with us electronically. You agree to receive electronic communication from us and that all communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. You also agree that we may keep record of your correspondence with us and that we may use any information you provide to us electronically to improve ByteFence or otherwise at our sole discretion. Your correspondence may include your information should you chose to provide it to us. We will not use your email address to send you commercial or marketing messages unless you will opt-in or opt-out from receiving these messages. We may, however, use your email address without further consent from you for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of updates to ByteFence and answer your support quarries).
      4. Additional features. We are always seeking to improve ByteFence. Therefore, we may introduce new features, some of which may result in the collection of additional information from you. If we start collecting additional types of personal information and materially change how we handle such information, we will modify this Privacy Policy and notify you in accordance with Section 7 (Changes to This Privacy Policy).
    * If you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland, the following provisions apply to you: 
      1. We act as a controller and process personal data as necessary for the performance of our contract with you. Accordingly, we will process your personal data as necessary to operate our Software, and to reply to your queries.
      2. Legal necessity - We may process your information for compliance with applicable legal obligations.
      3. Data subject rights - Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. In order to submit a request for accessing and/or deleting your information, please follow the below instructions: Please send us an email to data_requests@bytefence.com. Following internal verification, you will receive a return email which will include a link to a data request page, where you are welcome to submit your request for accessing/deleting your personal data and it will be promptly address by our support team. Please note that we will process your request subject to verification of your identity.
    * We will store information collected from you as long as you are using our Software. Once you delete our Software, please send an erasure request in accordance with the above procedure.
  2. **Information Sharing and Disclosure:**
    * We do not rent, sell, or share your information except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy or in the event that we have a good faith belief that disclosure is permitted by law or is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with the law, a legal requirement or process, including without limitation, subpoenas, court orders, or other compulsory disclosures, or to establish, maintain or exercise our legal rights; (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy or the TOS; (iii) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or violation of third party rights; or (iv) protect our rights. In addition, in the event that we undergo a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be one of the assets sold or transferred.
    * We may employ third parties to provide us with maintenance, analysis, audit, payment and development services with respect to ByteFence and in such instances we may provide your information to such third parties. We currently use the following third party providers: (i) to process your payment if you choose to purchase our subscription-based services we use PayPal, SafeCharge and Allpago. You can read about the measures taken by PayPal to protect your information at: <https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full> You can read about the measures taken by SafeCharge to protect your information at: <https://www.safecharge.com/privacy-cookies-policy/> You can read about the measures taken by Allpago to protect your information at: <http://www.allpago.com/> (ii) Google Analytics to analysis and monitor our performance. You can read about the measures taken by Google to protect your information at: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/> We also implemented Demographic & Interest reports feature by Google Analytics Advertising service. We are enabling Google Analytics to collect data from you via Google advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers. You can read more about such practice here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2700409?hl=en We are using such Demographic & Interest reports received from Google for statistical analytics and to better optimize ByteFence for you. You can opt-out of such Google Analytics Advertising feature through Google Analytics' currently available opt-outs in the following link: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/>; (iii) Amazon Web Services, Inc. servers to process your information. You can read about the measures taken by Amazon to protect the security of their servers and your information at: http://awsmedia.s3.amazonaws.com/pdf/AWS_Security_Whitepaper.pdf; (iv) ZenDesk, Inc. to provide you with support services. You can read about the measures taken by ZenDesk to protect the security of their servers and your information at: https://www.zendesk.com/company/privacy/; If we use additional third party service providers in the future, we will update this Privacy Policy to include the description of their services and any additional pertinent information on them.
    * If you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland, the following provisions apply to you: If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, we will transfer your information to the United States based on the Standard Contractual Clauses. If you wish to receive a copy of these clauses, please contact us through the below contact details.
  3. **About or advertising policies:**
    * We utilize third party vendors such as Google to provide advertising on our site. These vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits. Google's use of cookies enables them and their partners to serve ads to users based on their visit to our web site and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting the ads [preference manager](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/). You may also visit [aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/) to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest based advertising.
  4. **Our Policy Towards Children:**
    * ByteFence is not intended and/or directed to persons under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that a child under that age has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information from our servers. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at [support@bytefence.com](mailto:support@bytefence.com).
    * If you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland, the following provisions apply to you: We do not collect or otherwise process personal data from individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland whom we know to be under 16 years of age, except to comply with law or to support our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our app developers as described above.
  5. **Changes to This Privacy Policy**
    * We may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to address new issues and to reflect changes to the Website and/or the Software, or applicable law. We reserve the right to revise or make any changes to this Privacy Policy in our sole discretion, and your continual use of the Website and/or the Software subsequent to any changes to this Privacy Policy shall conclusively mean that you accept such changes. You can tell when this Privacy Policy has been updated by checking the last updated date posted on the top of this page.
  6. **Contact Us:**
    * If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy and/or our practices, please send an e-mail to [support@bytefence.com](mailto:support@bytefence.com).


