> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the geekpolice.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180508202105id_/http%3A//www.geekpolice.net/h31-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

At GeekPolice ("us" or "we"), we strive to keep users' information as safe as possible, and we would appreciate that you review our privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") as indicated below. GeekPolice.net ("this website") collects information about you, your visits, and some of your habits here on this website. Please note our intentions for use of this information.

BY ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE, OR IF YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED BY LAW TO ENTER INTO LEGAL OBLIGATIONS, YOU SHOULD NOT USE THIS WEBSITE. WE MAY MODIFY THE POLICY FROM TIME TO TIME AND POST THOSE MODIFICATIONS HERE. EACH TIME YOU USE THIS WEBSITE, THE CURRENT VERSION OF THE PRIVACY POLICY WILL APPLY. ACCORDINGLY, WHEN YOU USE THIS WEBSITE, YOU SHOULD CHECK THE DATE OF THIS POLICY (WHICH APPEARS AT THE TOP) AND REVIEW ANY CHANGES SINCE THE LAST VERSION. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THIS WEBSITE AFTER ANY SUCH MODIFICATION CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE MODIFIED PRIVACY POLICY.

I. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED

GeekPolice will collect personally identifiable information (e.g., name, e-mail address, postal address) from you when you voluntarily provide it. For example, you may submit personally identifiable information (a) to register with this website or use interactive parts of this website where users can provide content and suggestions or participate in interactive discussions and/or (b) to participate in optional events, sweepstakes, contests or promotion registrations.

II. AGGREGATE INFORMATION COLLECTED

Aggregate information is non-personally identifiable or anonymous information, such as type of web browser used, type of operating system, the domain name of your Internet Service Provider (ISP), and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Each time a visitor (whether they are registered or not) connects to a page on this website, we log that visitor's IP address in our web server's log files. This is a common practice used by almost all sites and is used to track which pages visitors access and how much time is spent on a page. GeekPolice also uses cookies to enhance user experience on this website. Cookies are small text files that a web site sets on your computer's hard drive in order to recognize you in the future. Cookies make using our Site easier, as they allow you to register an account, stay logged in as you browse this website, and save your password for future visits. Third parties may use cookies as described in Section 4 below. Sometimes cookies are substituted by session data set by a web programming language called JavaScript, to which similar data is stored, and usually erased as you exit the website. You may disable cookies any time. However, if you do not allow cookies from GeekPolice, then you may not be able to use certain features of this website. Certain web pages may contain invisible images, sometimes called web beacons (a 1px GIF file usually) that allow a web site to count users who have visited that page. GeekPolice will only use web beacons within this website for statistical purposes. Third parties may use web beacons as described below.

III. HOW PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION IS USED

We may use personally identifiable information for the following purposes: (i) validation of a user's forum/website registration, (ii) topic and forum subscription notifications, (iii) for Administrators to contact a particular user, (iv) to notify a user that he or she won a contest, (v) performing customer service activities, (vi) making available services to you or notifying you about new services or offers you may find valuable, and/or (vii) marketing materials. If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing materials from us, please follow the instructions at the bottom of each email for opting out. Personally identifiable information will not be disclosed to any third parties, except as follows: We may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure. For example, if you indicate that you would like to receive information about the products or services of third parties, we may supply your contact information to third parties such as data aggregators, marketers, or others for the purpose of sending you email or any otherwise communication with you. We may use data stored about you (such as the experience you have or the interests and preferences you have expressed) to determine whether you might be interested in the products or services of a particular third-party. We may disclose personally identifiable information to companies and individuals we contract with to perform functions on our behalf (such as third party service providers). Examples of such third party service providers may include companies who host our Web servers (such as Forumotion), analyze our data, provide marketing assistance, and/or process payments. These third party service providers will have access to your personally identifiable information only as necessary to perform their functions, but they are not authorized to retain, share, store, modify, duplicate, or otherwise use your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than completion of the services for which they were contracted. We may disclose personally identifiable information if legally required to do so, such as if requested to do so by a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of GeekPolice or its affiliated companies; (c) investigate or prevent a crime, or protect national security including to cooperate in investigating any incident in which we believe that you have abused this website by using it to attack other systems or to gain unauthorized access to any other system, to engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public. GeekPolice may from time to time allow public visibility of user profiles. These profiles may contain personally identifiable information volunteered by its users. All information that may be publicly visible is provided entirely by the member and can be changed by the users when or if they edit their personal forum profile. Occasionally, GeekPolice may offer surveys, optional events, sweepstakes, contents, and promotions to members and/or visitors to this website. Any personally identifiable information that is collected during these events will only be shared with another company for the purposes of delivery of a prize. By participating in a survey, event, sweepstakes, contest or promotion and by completing the submission you acknowledge that GeekPolice has hereby notified you and that you expressly agreed to the sharing of your submitted personally identifiable information. We reserve the right to transfer all personally identifiable information in our possession to a successor entity in the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, creation of a new business entity, or other sale of all or a portion of our assets. Other than to the extent ordered by a court, the use and disclosure of all transferred personally identifiable information will be subject to this Privacy Policy, or to a new privacy policy. In the event of a new privacy policy, you will be notified of such and given the right to affirmatively opt-in to accept the new policy. Personally identifiable information submitted and/or collected after a transfer, however, may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity. For aggregate information, GeekPolice uses it to operate and improve this website, enabling a positive user experience and delivering the products and services that we offer. We may sell, share or trade compiled aggregate information with third parties. As stated earlier, no single person can be identified by such aggregate information. 

IV. HOW YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION IS SECURED

GeekPolice follows generally accepted industry standards to protect your sensitive information from unauthorized access. Any data that is stored on our servers is treated as confidential and is not made generally available to the public. Our servers are protected by firewalls and are located in secure data facilities to further increase security. Please keep in mind, however, that despite these reasonable efforts to protect data on our servers, no method of transmission over the Internet is guaranteed to be secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal data at all times, we cannot guarantee its absolute security and shall not be liable for any breach of security by an outside party. Your personal account password is encrypted in our server and unreachable by any user to read it.

V. COPPA ACT: INDIVIDUALS UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE

We are concerned about the safety of children when they use the Internet, and understand that children may not understand all the provisions of our Privacy Policy or make informed decisions about the choices that are made available to adult users of the Site. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the websites their children visit. GeekPolice is not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we will never request personally identifiable information from anyone whom we know to be under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. This is why we require every user to enter in their date of birth, which the user agrees to be completely accurate.

VI. THIRD PARTY CONTENT

Users may find advertising or other content on this website that link to the websites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from this website. In addition, these websites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These websites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to this website, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.

VII. UNSUBSCRIBE FROM GEEKPOLICE

If you intend to close your account for any reason, please [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/contact). You may also contact us for other means, such as privacy concerns. 
