> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the geekli.st privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160310233754id_/https%3A//geekli.st/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Geeklist

Geeklist provides people and companies worldwide the ability to broadcast, connect, find, link resources, earn GeekCred, join communities and take part in a meaningful global geek, developer and tech community. In doing so we provide meaningful information to people everywhere in the form of your achievements, links/resources, community membership, code pages, code commits, and geek posts (mini statements). Any registered user can create Achievement cards, Link to resources, write posts, share images and many other current and future capabilities.

IMPORTANT: What you post on Geeklist may be viewed globally, instantaneously. 

This Privacy Policy describes how and when Geeklist collects, uses and shares your information when you use our Services. Geeklist receives your information through our various websites, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, bookmarklets and widgets (the "Services" or "Geeklist"). For example, you send us information when you use Twitter from our website, or any affiliated company linking into Geeklist. You may also do ‘Actions’ from inside 3rd party applications like Facebook, Github or Instagram, (and others to be added in the future) which when linked to Geeklist will post into our discovery stream, your own profile and other areas of the site at our discretion, and may be seen by hundreds if not thousands of people. When using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, you authorize Geeklist to use your information in the United States and any other country where Geeklist operates and is viewable. Geeklist reserves the right to use any information not set as private throughout Geeklist, third-party applications and in some circumstances for media, marketing or press purposes. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [privacy@geekli.st](mailto:privacy@geekli.st).

### Information Collection and Use

Information Collected Upon Registration: When you create or reconfigure a Geeklist account, you provide some personal information, such as your name, username, location, company, password, work availability and email address. Some of this information, for example, your name, location, company and username, is listed publicly on our Services, including on your profile page and in search results. Some Services, such as search, public user profiles and viewing communities, do not require registration. Your Availability status can be controlled by your settings. Geeklist is not responsible for your proper use of protecting your availability and by using Services you hold Geeklist, its directors, staff and any affiliated parties, harmless from actions your employer may take if viewing your status. Post wisely and use caution with your settings.

Additional Information: You may provide us with profile information to make public, such as a short biography, your location, your website, blog, code repos, company/employer or a picture. We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services or to market to you. You may use your account settings to unsubscribe from notifications from Geeklist. You may also unsubscribe by following the instructions contained within the notification. We may use your contact information to help others find your Geeklist account, including through third-party services and client applications. Your account settings control whether others can find you by your email address, Twitter handle, Facebook name or other identifier. You may choose to upload your address book so that we can help you find Geeklist users you know. We may later suggest people to follow on Geeklist based on your imported address book contacts, which you can delete from Geeklist at any time. If you email us, we may keep your message, email address and contact information to respond to your request. If you connect your Geeklist account to your account on another service in order to cross-post between Geeklist and that service, the other service may send us your registration or profile information on that service and other information that you authorize. This information enables cross-posting, helps us improve the Services, and is deleted from Geeklist within a few weeks of your disconnecting from Geeklist your account on the other service. Providing the additional information described in this section is entirely optional but will make your experience greater.

Achievements, Posts, Following, Communities, Availability Status, Links and other Public Information: Our Services are primarily designed to help you share and connect with developers and companies around the world. Much of the information you provide us is information you are asking us to make public. This includes not only the messages (Posts or Achievement Cards) you create and the metadata provided with such data but also the communities you create, the links and resources you ‘GeekIt’ the people you follow, the Posts, Achievement Cards you High Five or share, and many other 
