> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the geekestateblog.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-11-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071111172828id_/http%3A//www.zolve.com/privacy_policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Zolve.com - Real Estate Network

  
**1.** By using Zolve.com, you are consenting to have your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. 

**2.** When you visit Zolve.com you provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected by us and Web Site use information collected by us as you interact with our Web Site. 

**3.** When you register with Zolve.com, you provide us with certain personal information, such as your name, your email address, your profession, your company name, and other personal or preference information. You will set up a professional profile, form relationships, send messages, perform searches and queries, form a sphere of influence, and transmit information through various channels. We collect this information so that we can provide you the service and offer personalized features. In most cases, we retain it so that, for instance, you can return to view prior messages you have sent or easily see your update list. When you update information, we usually keep a backup copy of the prior version for a reasonable period of time to enable reversion to the prior version of that information. 

**4.** When you register with Zolve.com, you create your own profile and notification settings. Your profile information, as well as your name, professional information, photo, and any contact information that you add to your profile page are displayed to people in the Zolve Network and to any visitor to Zolve.com who wishes to view profiles.  Your sphere of influence page and your feedback page will also be visible to members of the public and other members as well.  This is how we provide the transparency in the real estate industry, which constitutes one of the charters for Zolve.com.  We may occasionally use your name and email address to send you notifications regarding new services offered by Zolve.com that we think you may find valuable. 

**6.** Your name, company, market, and other professional details that you add will be available in search results across the Zolve.com network and those limited pieces of information may be made available to third party search engines. This is primarily so that other real estate professionals and real estate customers can find you. People who see your name & information in search results will be able to click on that information to view your profile page, feedback page, and sphere page.

**7.** If you choose to use our invitation service to tell another person about Zolve.com and invite them into your sphere of influence, we will ask you for the person’s first name, last name, and email address. We will automatically send the person an initial invitation and subsequent copies of the invitation email until the person either accepts or declines the invitation.   Zolve.com stores the information utilized in the sending of these emails to register the person if your invitation is accepted and to track the success of the Site’s invitation program. 

**8.** When you enter Zolve.com, we collect your browser type and IP address. This information is gathered for all Zolve.com visitors. In addition, we store certain information from your browser using "cookies." A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in. These cookies terminate once the user closes the browser. By default, we use a persistent cookie that stores your login ID & password to make it easier for you to login when you come back to Zolve.com. You can remove or block this cookie using the settings in your browser if you want to disable this convenience feature. 

**9.** Zolve.com does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register for Zolve.com or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information to or on Zolve.com. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a person under age 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.

**10.** Zolve.com may send you service-related announcements from time to time through the general operation of the service. For instance, if a person accepts an invitation from you to join Zolve, you will receive a notice from us alerting you to that fact.  Generally, you may customize your notifications on the “My Account” page that can be found on your homepage.  However, Zolve.com reserves the right to send you notices about your account even if you opt out of all voluntary email notifications.

**11.** We may share your information with certain third parties.  We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena.  We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the Zolve.com terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.  Additionally, your contact, postal, e-mail address and demographic information may be shared with third party marketers for marketing purposes. 

**12.** If the ownership of all or substantially all of the Zolve.com business, or individual business units owned by Zolve.com, Inc., were to change, your user information may be transferred to the new owner so the service can continue operations. In any such transfer of information, your user information would remain subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy. 

Please contact Zolve.com with any questions regarding this Agreement.  
I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ALL OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED ABOVE.
