> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the swaggable.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150318172548id_/https%3A//swaggable.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Swaggable

Swaggable Privacy Policy

Swaggable LLC (“Swaggable”, “Company”, “we” or “us”), the operator of this web site, is committed to preserving the privacy of those who visit our www.Swaggable.com website (“Site”). Swaggable has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to helping you better understand what information we collect about you and what may happen to that information during your visit to the Site. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected at this Site. By using or accessing the Site, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE.

Information Collected  
When using the Site, in order to utilize some of the services, you may be asked to provide, or you may choose to upload, certain personally identifiable information about yourself (“Personal Information”). Personal Information can include your name, occupation, photo, e-mail address, address, phone number(s), Facebook profile, Twitter handle, selected interests, or date of birth. Please note that Personal Information may also include personally identifiable information you voluntarily provide when you take a survey or a poll or enter a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion.  
In addition, we may also collect non-personally identifiable information, such as IP host address, pages viewed, browser type and other data, and may aggregate any Personal Information collected, such as demographic information, in a manner which does not identify any one person (“Aggregate Information”). Survey answers and influencer scores that are not connected to Personal Information may also constitute Aggregate Information.

Information Usage

We may share your Personal Information with our clients, affiliates, technical consultants, third party auditors or other third parties,under confidentiality agreements, who compile the Aggregate Information, make our Site available, enhance its functionality or provide associated services and/or who process your orders and/or deliver content, samples, supplies, products, or services. For example, we may share your Personal Information with a vendor to fulfill any incentive or reward which you have elected to receive and that vendor may forward your email address to a third party to redeem any rewards. You may opt-out at any time in accordance with the “Terminating Membership” section below.  
We may use your Aggregate Information to do such things as operate our Site, enhance our Site, and for market research purposes. We may share Aggregate Information with our clients, affiliates, charity partners and other third parties for advertising, promotional and other purposes. Individual answers from you to questions within Programs marked as “confidential” may be shared with our affiliates, clients and business partners but those answers will not be labeled with, or linked to, your Personal Information.  
Your user name, city, Swaggable profile photo, publicly declared preferences(those “wants” not otherwise made specifically private), and some of your activity may be shared with other Swaggable users within the Site, including without limitation publication in a live feed of ongoing activities and leader boards. You may also see such information related to other Swaggable Members when logged into the Site.  
On the Site, Swaggable, its clients and some of its business partners will have the ability to contact You regarding “Product Invites” or Rewards for which you qualify. We hereby disclaim all responsibility and liability should a client contact You directly by virtue of your posting of Personal Information on the Site in a section of the Site where it was not explicitly requested, or outside the Site, which is viewable and/or accessible by clients of Swaggable (e.g., contact information listed within feedback you provide, information on your Facebook profile liked to your Swaggable account, an email address you provided directly to one of Swaggable’s clients).

We will never rent or sell your Personal Information to any third party without your consent. Please note that we reserve the right to and may disclose Personal Information about you in response to (a) requests from local, state or federal law enforcement officials; (b) any judicial, administrative or similar proceeding or order, such as subpoena; (c) if required by law; or (d) to investigate suspected fraud, harassment, physical threats, or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, the Site rules or policies, or the rights of third parties or to investigate any suspected conduct which we deem improper. Please also note that we do reserve the right to transfer your personally identifiable information and other information to our successors in business and purchasers of site assets. Information obtained in connection with the Site may be intermingled with and used by us in conjunction with information obtained through sources other than the Site, including both offline and online sources.

Registration  
In order to use the Site, a member must first provide the information requested on the “Registration” page. During registration, a member may be required to provide their contact information (including, but not limited to, name, e-mail address, and postal address), Facebook user information, additional psychographic information, and information needed for delivering Swaggable Product Invitations once accepted. This information is used to notify the member about new Product Invitations to which they qualify, Swaggable Product Invitations, and changes in Swaggable offerings. In addition, we may ask members to provide legitimate mailing addresses. Proof of address is required in order to guard Swaggable from fraudulent activities. This information is also used for shipping purposes for prizes redeemed by members.

Your Account  
Once you become a member of Swaggable, you will receive a password and an account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, as well as your Facebook username and password which may be used through Facebook Connect. Therefore, we do not recommend that you disclose such password or account information to any third parties. If you choose to share this information with third parties, you are responsible for all actions taken with your account information and password and therefore should review each third party’s privacy policy. If you lose control of your account password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password. Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to immediately notify Swaggable of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security known to you.

Cookies  
The Site uses cookies to keep track of your activity on the Site and enhance your experience on the Site. We also use cookies to save your account information and password. If you wish to disable these cookies, the “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how. However, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas or functions on the Site.

Clickstream  
As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each web site you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as “clickstream data”, can be collected and stored by a web site’s server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the web site from which you linked to the Site. We may collect and use clickstream data as a form of Aggregate Information to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our Site, how visitors navigate throughout the Site and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the needs of visitors. This information will be used to improve our Site and our services. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous and aggregate, and will not intentionally contain any Personal Information.

Security  
Swaggable will not be liable for disclosures of your Personal Information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties. We have undertaken all commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized Internet access to visitor data retained in our servers, however, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, Swaggable cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or any information provided online, and you do so at your own risk. You must accept all risks associated with any data transmission, including the risk that their personal information may be intercepted in transit. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.

Product Invitations and e-mail  
Established members will occasionally receive e-mails containing information regarding new Product Invitations, Swaggable Offers, and directives from Swaggable if they have opted-in. “Opted-in” means the member has approved certain e-mails to be sent to them from Swaggable. Established members may opt-out of these emails by updating their notifications on their profile settings page.

Swaggable Site and Service Announcements  
Under certain circumstances Swaggable may need to contact specific or all members in order to make an important announcement about the Site or service changes. Members are not able to unsubscribe, or “opt-in/opt-out” of these announcements because they may contain very important information regarding their accounts. Before these measures are taken, however, Swaggable will post information regarding changes directly on the Site. Swaggable reserves the right to contact members to correct account errors or to supply important information Swaggable deems relevant.

Correction/Updating Personal Information  
Swaggable members are able to change their personal information at any time by editing the information entered on their profile page, or by removing Swaggable as a “Facebook Connect Application.”

Protection for Children Age/Residency Requirements  
This Site is not intended for users under the age of 13, and we have no intention of collecting Personal Information from children under the age of 13. Where appropriate, we take reasonable measures to inform children not to submit such information to our Site. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database. You must be at least 13 years old, be a United States resident, and have a valid e-mail address to register on Swaggable. Registration and participation in a Product Invitation is open to individuals only (no corporations or other legal entities). Each individual who registers on Swaggable or participates in a Product Invitation is responsible for providing the information requested and for updating any such information to insure its accuracy. Receipt of inaccurate or misleading information will adversely affect the ability of Swaggable to operate a Product Invitation and provide services to clients required by members and participants. In this regard, Swaggable reserves the right to terminate a member’s membership in Swaggable or participation in a Program if misleading or intentionally incorrect personal information is provided. Swaggable reserves the right to modify or discontinue a Product Invitation Program at any time with or without notice to members. Swaggable will not be liable to any member or any third party should Swaggable exercise its right to modify or discontinue a Program or membership.

Links to Third Party Sites  
Our Site may contain links to other web sites, including our affiliated or co-branded web sites. Other web sites may also reference or link to our Site. These “other” domains (web sites) are not controlled by Swaggable. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other web sites. Visiting these other web sites is at your own risk.

Export of Data  
Our Site is maintained in the United States of America. By using the Site, you authorize the export of Personal Information to the USA and its storage and use as specified in this policy.

Changes to Policy  
We reserve the right to change, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time. All information posted on the Site is subject to change without notice. In addition, this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to, how we use your Personal Information, may be changed by us at any time without prior notice. We will make such changes by posting them here. You should check this page for such changes frequently. Your continued access of the Site after such changes are made conclusively demonstrates your acceptance of those changes. You may “opt out” of this Site, including, but not limited to, receiving communications from us and/or sharing your Personal Information with us, at any time. In Order to “opt out” please see the “Terminating Membership” section in this Policy. Please note that we are not responsible for removing your Personal Information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided your information in accordance with this policy.

Terminating Membership  
You or Swaggable may terminate your membership in the Service for any reason with or without cause at any time and effective immediately. Swaggable will not be liable to you or any third party for termination of the Service or Site. You may terminate your membership by contacting us or by using the “terminate membership” function if available. Upon terminating your membership, Swaggable, will remove the following Personal Information from Swaggable’s active database: Swaggable password, member profile, full name, address (except for zip code), e-mail address, other contact information, Facebook account information, Twitter account information, and profile photo. Any of your Personal Information or activity history that is not deleted will be attached to either your username or a unique database ID, not to your personally identifiable information.

Site Terms and Conditions  
Use of this Site is governed by, and subject to, the legal notices contained in Swaggable’s Terms of Service. Your use, or access, of the Site constitutes your agreement to be bound by these provisions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE.

Comments and Questions: If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us. MAIL Swaggable, LLC 1550 Rollins Rd. Suite H Burlingame, CA 94010  
Effective Date: This privacy policy is effective and was last updated on December 3rd, 2011.
