> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the swagelok.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060618194854id_/http%3A//www.swagelok.com/privacypolicy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

SWAGELOK.COM PRIVACY POLICY  
  
At Swagelok.com, your privacy is important to us and our privacy policy is simple. Please review this policy and our Terms and Conditions of Use before choosing to use our site.

1. How Swagelok.com protects and uses your information.   
  
Information that you provide to Swagelok.com will be gathered by Swagelok Company, 31400 Aurora Road, Solon, Ohio, 44139.The following persons or entities have access to your information that you provide to any part of Swagelok.com: Swagelok Company, its employees and associates; and Swagelok authorized sales and service centers. All parties who have access to your information are required to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any purpose other than to provide you site-related services, or services within the normal business activities of Swagelok and its authorized sales and service centers. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your personal information and profile private and will not share it with any other parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with federal or state law, a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or (c) enforce any of our Terms and Conditions of Use. No part of our Web site is structured to attract anyone under age 13, and we never collect or maintain information on our Web site from those we actually know are under age 13.2. Our Personal Data Information Security Policy.  
  
Our computer systems are protected by firewalls and other security methods. In the event of a breach of our systems and unless a law enforcement agency informs us that notification would impede a criminal investigation, you will promptly be notified by e-mail, at the e-mail address you provided to us, of any unencrypted personal information that was or reasonably believed to have been acquired by an unauthorized person.3. You can choose to register or not to register with the eStore.  
  
Swagelok.com has no registration requirement. At Swagelok.com, you have the choice to enter an authorized sales and service center’s eStore, which enables the placement of orders over the Internet with the authorized sales and service center. To enter and use the eStore, you do have to register. If you choose not to register, you will be able to access all other areas of Swagelok.com.Whether you choose to register, when you visit Swagelok.com we automatically track and collect the following anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for administering the site, improving your experience on Swagelok.com, and marketing purposes: (a) IP address; (b) domain server; (c) type of computer; and (d) type of web browser.The collection, the processing, and the use of data collected during an eStore registration require your consent. The consent may be declared electronically. You may withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future. Both the text declaring consent as well as the information about the possibility to withdraw such consent are at your disposal any time on this website. We will record your consent.At the time of registration, the following data will be collected: your name, e-mail address, company name, telephone number, job function, and industry. This is your registration information. If you place an order, billing and shipping address information you supply will be collected to process your order. 4. How Swagelok.com uses cookies to personalize your web experience.

Swagelok.com utilizes cookies for several purposes, including the storage of information required to determine how to properly deliver content to your machine. A cookie is provided to all visitors to Swagelok.com, regardless of whether you register with an authorized sales and service center eStore. A cookie is a small piece of information that a web server stores temporarily using your web browser, and then later retrieves. A cookie is not a way for a web server to access and find out private information about you, but if you do provide personal information, your cookie file would contain that information. You also have the ability to limit the cookie function - - please see your web browser for more information.For users who do register with an authorized sales and service center eStore, a profile containing the registration information is generated by our Web site and used for several purposes:   


  * To match you with content that is associated with your interests and to direct you to additional resources and tools that can save you time,
  * To enable a fast response for service or follow-up request from our Web site,
  * To verify your identity,
  * To send you information and content, and
  * To contact you when necessary.



If you choose to communicate with us by e-mail or otherwise complete on-line forms or other documents, this information may also be collected in your profile.   


5. Limitations of Privacy Policy.

You should review this Privacy Policy each time you visit Swagelok.com. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy by posting such change, update or modification on Swagelok.com. Any such change, update or modification shall be effective immediately upon posting.

We are not responsible for any errors or omissions on our Web site. For more information, please see our Terms and Conditions of Use.Our Web site contains links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Web sites. Please refer to the privacy policies of those third-party Web sites.  


6. Accuracy of personal information.

You can request the individual information that Swagelok.com has collected about you by sending an e-mail to [webmaster@swagelok.com](mailto:webmaster@swagelok.com) or by writing us at Swagelok Company, 31400 Aurora Road, Solon, Ohio, 44139. You can also have factual inaccuracies in this information corrected, or request that your personal information be removed, by contacting us.I took notice of the information provided in this Privacy Policy. I know that Swagelok.com uses cookies and that there will be a profile generated about each user who registers with an authorized sales and service center eStore to enable Swagelok.com to meet the user’s requirements in a better way.

If you agree to abide by this Privacy Policy when using Swagelok.com, then indicate your acceptance below. If you do not agree, please choose to leave this site.  

