> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the swansonvitamins.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190624221606id_/https%3A//www.swansonvitamins.com/help/security-privacy/security-privacy-information/security-and-privacy-information.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Security & Privacy Information | Security & Privacy - Help Desk - Swanson®

[Help](https://web.archive.org/help/index.html) > [Security & Privacy](https://web.archive.org/help/security-privacy/index.html) > Security & Privacy Information Security & Privacy Information

**Our Promise**

SwansonVitamins.com is an online service of Swanson Health Products, helping our customers stay healthy since 1969! We have one primary focus—your family's health and well-being. We've built our company around the philosophy that everybody deserves quality natural health products at affordable prices. We strive to offer you the easiest, safest and most affordable shopping experience on the internet.

**Overview**

All transactions and information transfers on swansonvitamins.com are protected through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. This ensures that all sensitive information is encrypted by both your browser and our server. After a secure session is initiated, any communication between your computer and ours is scrambled, making it unreadable to any person who might intercept it. This is done automatically whenever you reach a page containing sensitive information.

If you do not wish to send credit card information over the internet, simply complete the order process up to the final Check Out page. Save or print this page, then call our order hotline during our business hours at 1-800-824-4491. Mail and fax orders are also accepted.

**Entrust Certification**

We are certified by Entrust, a leading third-party encryption verification company. After thoroughly reviewing the company's corporate and technical structure, Entrust issues a unique Secure Server Digital Certificate. As you place orders online, our server initiates an encrypted SSL session and activates the Certificate.

You can view our unique Secure Server Certificate at any time during your session by clicking on the padlock icon at the upper left corner of your browser.

During normal browsing, the padlock is open when you are giving and receiving non-encrypted information. You may not see the padlock during normal browsing. If the padlock appears closed, you have entered a secure area.

[Click here](http://www.entrust.com/corporate/factsheet.htm) to learn more about Entrust at their website.

**Our Security and Privacy Guarantee**

Swanson Health Products, Inc together with our parent companies, affiliates, and subsidiaries (collectively, **"Swanson Health", "us", "we"** or **"our"** ) know that you care about how your information is used and shared, and we appreciate the trust you place in us that we will do so carefully and sensibly. We provide you with this Global Privacy Policy because we want you to know how we may collect, use, share and keep information about you, and the choices that are available to you.

Please don't hesitate to contact us at any time if you have any questions regarding the contents in this Privacy Policy by emailing [legal@swansonhealth.com](mailto:legal@swansonhealth.com) or [dataprotectionofficer@swansonhealth.com](mailto:dataprotectionofficer@swansonhealth.com)

**When Does this Privacy Policy Apply?**

This Privacy Policy applies whenever we collect personal information from or about you when you access or use our website, applications, content, products, goods, promotions, software, technology and any other materials (collectively, **“Swanson Health Services”** or **“Swanson Services”** ), or when you contact us in any manner.

**What Information Is Collected from You Through Swanson Health Services?**

The information we receive from you helps us personalize and continually improve our business. Here are the general types of personal information (and sensitive personal information) we (and certain third parties) may gather:

  * **Information You Give Us:** We receive, store and process personal information you provide to us when you purchase or use the Swanson Health website, set up a Swanson Health account, enter information on our websites or message boards, communicate with us over phone, email or otherwise, use our applications on mobile or connected devices, use our streaming services, take our surveys, participate in any promotion, interact with our social media presence, or in any other way.
    * **Examples of Information You Give Us:** This includes without limitation your name, shipping, billing, and/or business addresses; location information; phone number; email address; username and password information; credit or other payment card information; gender; date of birth; and survey response data. If you sign up as a member of any Easy Refill or through our Affiliate Program, we may also collect information about your business, such as your (or your organization's) name, email address, street address, telephone number, tax identification number, and information about your website (e.g., the URL, the number of unique users and page views, the demographics of your user base, etc.). We may also collect other types of information that you provide to us to help you achieve your health and wellness goals.
  * **Information We Automatically Receive:** We automatically receive and store certain technical information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many other websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience on our websites as described below, which allows us to obtain certain information when your web browser accesses any of our websites.
    * **Examples of Information We Automatically Receive:** This includes without limitation your Internet protocol (IP) address (the number used to identify your computer or modem to the Internet, which can potentially identify your location and Internet Service Provider), browser or device type, version and time zone setting, operating system and platform; information about your activities on our websites, including the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) from which you came to our websites and the URLs that you visited on our websites; cookie identifier; products you viewed or searched for; the phone number you used to call us; pixel tag data as described below; and purchase history. During some visits to our websites, we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes.
  * **Children’s Privacy:** Swanson does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under 13, please contact us at [legal@swansonhealth.com](mailto:legal@swansonhealth.com) or [dataprotectionofficer@swansonhealth.com](mailto:dataprotectionofficer@swansonhealth.com)
  * **Mobile and Connected Device Information:** When you download, install or use our applications through mobile or connected devices, we may receive information about your device and may access your camera, microphone, or other device services or hardware. Some devices may allow you to opt-out of this collection or access, and in those cases, you may be able to subsequently stop the collection or access. Please review your device settings for more information.
    * **Examples of Mobile Information:** This includes without limitation unique identifiers for your device, device and usage information, precise geolocation information (if you enabled this feature), carrier provider, and the types of mobile devices and operating systems accessing the application.
  * **Information We Obtain from Other Sources:** We may receive information about you from other sources, including from third-party vendors, services, commercially available sources (such as data aggregators and public databases) and Affiliates. We may also collect information that you publicly post on our social media pages, such as our Facebook®, Instagram®, and Twitter® pages. In addition, we may combine information you give us with other information from Swanson Health sources, communications and transactions. Where permitted by law, we combine this information received from other sources, including from social media websites, with information you give us and information that we collect automatically about you.
    * **Examples of Information We Obtain from Other Sources:** This includes without limitation, information that you provide to our vendors; updated credit card number and expiration dates from your bank or credit card company which we use to keep our records current and service you better; updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties which we use to keep our records current, process orders, deliver your next purchase, and service you better; account information which we use to validate access to your accounts with us; transactional data from third-party purchases; demographic and profile data; social media posts, such as your likes, interests, feedback, preferences, pictures, comments, suggestions, opinions, and complaints; information we may receive from Swanson Health Customer Service (if applicable); information that you provide through our email and text message campaigns; information about products or services purchased from other companies.



**How Does Swanson Health Use the Information It Collects?**

Swanson Health may use the information provided above in various ways, including without limitation, to:

  * Process and fulfill your requests or orders for any Swanson Health orders, and verify your identity and/or location to allow access to your accounts (such as your profile on www.swansonvitamins.com);
  * Communicate with you about your orders or any inquiries you may have submitted to us;
  * Tell you about new products, goods or services, including if you started a transaction with us and provided your information, but did not finalize your order;
  * Service and manage your accounts, or contact you about your accounts;
  * Address a problem or issue affecting your use of any Swanson Health Services, or to inquire about or verify information concerning a transaction;
  * Improve any Swanson Services and related advertising or materials;
  * Enhance and personalize your Swanson Health experience on any Swanson Health Services, and control the frequency of advertisements to your device;
  * Target advertising or promotions that may be of interest to you, such as emails, direct mail, banner ads, splash ads (ads that appear as you sign in or out of your online accounts) or promotions based on your demographic profile, interests, or location;
  * Send you emails and other communications about Swanson Health's or any of our business partners' products or services that we think you may find useful, or to see if you are interested in participating in surveys, market research or other inquiries;
  * Administer contests, promotions, events, surveys or other features;
  * Improve, personalize, and optimize your website browsing and mobile application experiences by examining which parts of our website you visit or which aspect of our mobile applications you find most useful, and to improve existing or develop new products and services;
  * Operate, improve and maintain our Swanson Services, including for data analysis, such as user behavior and trends, and diagnose problems with our server and administer our websites;
  * Assist us in taking data security precautions and to engage in fraud prevention, detection, and remediation;
  * Carry out other purposes which are disclosed to you and to which you consent;
  * Undertake statistical analysis and research, and for demographic profiling purposes; or
  * Comply with applicable international, federal, state, provincial/territorial and local laws, directives, rules, regulations, and ordinances; civil, criminal or regulatory investigations; or other legal requirements, such as court orders.



**What About Cookies, Pixel Tags and Third-Party Tracking Tools?**

  * **Cookies:** Swanson Health and others use a technology commonly known as a "cookie," which is a small data file our server places on your computer or mobile device to recognize your device and provide personalized features and advertisements. Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information. Through cookies, we are able to collect information that we use to improve our websites and mobile applications, improve your overall experience on them, and personalize your experiences and advertisements. For example, through cookies, we can keep count of return visits to our website or our advertisers' or partners' websites, collect and report on aggregate statistical information, authenticate your login credentials, and manage multiple instances of our websites in a single browser. We may also collect other data through cookies, such as the page or website that referred you to us, the date and time you visited us, and your current IP address. The cookies we place on your hard drive are known as "first-party cookies" and any cookies placed by third parties are called “third-party cookies.” Third-party cookies enable third-party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g., advertising, interactive content and analytics). The parties that set these third-party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.
  * **Disabling Cookies:** Most major web browsers provide users with the option to accept or reject cookies. Opting out of the use of cookies to deliver targeted advertising relies on information in the unique cookies placed on your web browser by our partners, so if you delete cookies, use a different device, or change web browsers, you may need to opt out again. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies you may not be able to access parts of our or others' websites. The “Help” feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. Since cookies allow you to take advantage of some of our essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you may not be able to utilize certain features on our websites, such as adding items to your shopping cart, proceeding to checkout, or using services that require you to sign in.
  * **Pixel Tags:** We also collect information through the use of "pixel tags" on our websites and in email messages we may send to you that may be placed by us or third parties with whom we partner. "Pixels," also known as "Web beacons," are tiny graphic files or code snippets, not visible to the human eye, that can be included in HTML-encoded email messages and web pages. When such a message is opened in an HTML-capable email program, the recipient's computer or device will communicate with our server to retrieve the pixel tag file, allowing us to record and store, along with the recipient's email address, the date and time the recipient viewed the email message, the fact that the recipient's email client is capable of receiving HTML-encoded email, and other standard logging information. The pixel tag may also see or read cookies. Swanson Health may use pixel tags in order to measure and understand traffic better, improve site performance, track visitor behavior to improve user experience, and for tracking promotional and marketing campaign response, among others. You can disable the pixel tag feature by changing the settings on your email client to prevent the automatic downloading of images, changing your browser settings to omit images, disabling Javascript, or there are commercial software packages available that can omit pixel tags and most advertisements.
  * **Behavioral Advertising on Third-Party Websites:** We also work with third parties that use tracking technologies on our websites and on other websites in order to provide and track tailored advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the Internet. These third-party partners may place or recognize a unique cookie on your hard drive. They may help Swanson Health place first party cookies from our servers, or third-party cookies from their own or other third-party servers. Swanson Health and our advertisers and third-party advertising partners may use cookies in order to collect information about you, which may include how many times you have seen an ad or whether you have interacted with an ad. We and our partners may also use cookies to provide you with interest-based or behavioral advertising. The use of third-party cookies is not covered by this Privacy Policy as these third parties are subject to their own privacy policies. If you choose to opt-out of behavioral advertising using these cookies, you will still be served with advertisements on the Internet, but they may not be tailored to your interests. Most major web browsers provide users with the option to accept or reject third-party cookies. Opting out relies on information in the unique cookies placed on your web browser by our partners, so if you delete cookies, use a different device, or change web browsers, you may need to opt out again.
  * **Do Not Track Signals:** Some web browsers offer a "Do Not Track" signal that is an HTTP header field indicating your preference regarding tracking or cross-site user tracking. Like many other websites and online services, we do not currently alter our practices when we receive Do Not Track signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services, as there is no consensus among industry participants as to what "Do Not Track" means in this context. To find out more about "Do Not Track," you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com/.



**Does Swanson Health Share the Information and Data It Receives?**

We value the trust our customers place in us to safeguard their personal information. SWANSON does not sell our email addresses or postal mailing list. We share personal information we collect with your consent and as described below:

  * **Third-Party Service Providers:** We utilize third-party companies and individuals to perform business functions on our behalf to better serve you. For example, we use third parties to help us make our products and services available to you, fulfill orders you may have placed, process credit card payments, provide customer service, ship postal mail, deliver your packages, conduct market research or information analysis, manage promotions, and contact you in connection with various Swanson Health Services. In these instances, we may need to provide your information to these third parties for such purposes.
  * **Related Companies; Third-Party Offers:** Swanson Health occasionally partners with third parties to learn more about our customers so we can service you better or offer products or services that we feel may be useful to you ( **"Related Company"** ). In such case, we may disclose to a Related Company certain information, such as your name, email, billing or shipping address, products purchased and price. If you request information from a Related Company, we may disclose additional information such as your email address, phone number and other contact information, so the Related Company can provide you with the information you requested. If you purchased a product or service from a Related Company, we will also disclose your credit card information so they can complete your purchase. We may disclose aggregated, de-identified information to Related Companies: (i) so the Related Companies can provide you with advertisements tailored to your interests; (ii) for statistical analysis, research, and demographic profiling purposes; and (iii) to support our business and improve our mission to help our customers achieve their health and wellness goals.
  * **Protection of Swanson Health and Others:** We may share your information, including personally identifiable information, in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Swanson Health, or the legal rights of our customers, business partners, employees, agents, and contractors; (ii) protect the safety and security of our customers, members of the public, including acting in urgent circumstances; (iii) detect and protect against fraud and identity theft or to conduct risk management; (iv) comply with laws, legal process, or legal requests from any governmental or regulatory body; or (v) to enforce or apply our website Terms and Conditions and/or other agreements.
  * **De-Identified Data Disclosures:** We may also disclose non-identifying transaction information to third parties for the purpose of accounting and record keeping. We may also disclose aggregated, de-identified user data or non-personal information with business partners, advertisers, and others.



**What About Third-Party and Advertisers' Services?**

At various points and pages on our websites or mobile applications, you may be able to access or utilize services offered by or in conjunction with third parties. This includes services in connection with third-party "social media" and other sites that would allow personal information to be transferred to such third parties (for example, Facebook Connect), and others.

These third parties have separate data collection and privacy practices independent from ours, so please review their privacy policies to understand your rights. For this reason, Swanson Health cannot be responsible for their policies or activities. Please contact those third parties directly if you have questions about their privacy practices.

**How Secure is Information About Me?**

Swanson Health has implemented and uses reasonable security measures designed to help prevent the loss and unauthorized access of your information. Despite these efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against interception or to be absolutely secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or our online services. If you suspect a website or mobile application is pretending to be that of Swanson Health's (also known as "spoofing"), do not enter any personal information, but please let us know by emailing [legal@swansonhealth.com](mailto:legal@swansonhealth.com) or [dataprotectionofficer@swansonhealth.com](mailto:dataprotectionofficer@swansonhealth.com). Personal information may be accessed by persons within our organization, or our third-party service providers who require such access to carry out the purposes indicated above, or such other purposes as may be permitted or required by the applicable law. Personal Information we collect is maintained in the United States.

**What Happens to My Information if Swanson Health is Sold to or Merges with Another Company?**

As we continue to develop and grow our business or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, we might sell one or more of our assets, subsidiaries or business units. In such transactions, customer information is typically one of the transferred business assets.

**Users Based Outside of the USA; Transfer of Personal Information**

Like most websites and businesses, Swanson Health's websites may be accessed by an international audience. By visiting our websites, using our applications, and/or providing us with any data, you agree we may collect, process, use, and store your personal information as discussed herein, outside your resident jurisdiction (such as the U.S., Canada or the EU). In addition, EU citizens will be asked to affirmatively consent to the collection of personal data as a requirement of the transaction. We will not collect your information or complete your transaction without the affirmative consent of the EU citizen. This information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in those jurisdictions according to laws in those jurisdictions. Please note that U.S. law and those of other countries where your information may be stored and processed may offer different levels of protection for your information than your home country. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that such personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**Transfers Outside of the EU**

We may also transfer your personal data outside of the European Union in connection with the operation of our business, such as when we use a service provider that is based in another jurisdiction. If we transfer your personal data outside of the European Union please rest assured that we will ensure that appropriate measures are in place to protect your personal data and to comply with our obligations under applicable data protection law. When we transfer your personal data outside of the European Union, if required under data protection law we will either enter into contracts in the form approved by the European Commission with the entity that we transfer data to, or we will ensure that the company to which we transfer your personal data has agreed to abide by an approved transfer mechanism, such as the EU-US Privacy Shield framework.

**Important Information about Consent**

When we process your personal data on the basis of your consent, you are free to withdraw that consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent by contacting us using the contact details at the bottom of this notice. If your consent relates to receiving email marketing you can use the unsubscribe link in the email, or if it relates to app notifications you can turn off app notifications using your device settings. Please note that if you withdraw your consent we may not be able to continue to provide the related service to you.

**Your Rights Under Data Protection Law**

You have various rights under data protection law in connection with our processing of your personal data. For example, you have the right to request a copy of your personal data that we hold and to request that we correct any errors in the personal data that we hold. These rights are subject to certain exceptions and exemptions. You have the following rights under data protection law:

  * **Right to Access Your Personal Data -** You have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you, together with other information about our processing of that personal data.
  * **Right to Rectification –** You have the right to request that any inaccurate data that is held about you is corrected, or if we have incomplete information you may request that we update the information so that it is complete.
  * **Right to Erasure –** You have the right to request us to delete personal data that we hold about you. This is sometimes referred to as the right to be forgotten.
  * **Right to Restriction of Processing or to Object to Processing –** You have the right to request that we no longer process your personal data for particular purposes, or to object to our processing of your personal data for particular purposes.
  * **Right to Data Portability –** You have the right to request us to provide you, or a third party, with a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used machine-readable format.



**How Can I Access or Update My Information?**

We want to be sure your personal information is kept accurate and complete, and for this reason we ask that you inform us in the event of any changes to your information. If you provided your information directly to Swanson Health, you may access or update certain personal information by calling our Customer Service Center at (800) 437-4148 or logging into your Swanson Health account at www.swansonvitamins.com if you created one. When calling Customer Service, please have your email address and order information available. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to your request to access or update your information. Please note that certain access may be subject to a fee.

**Your Privacy Choices: Opt-Out**

  * **Marketing:** We offer you various ways to opt-out of receiving certain communications from us. If you would like to opt-out of receiving email marketing communications from us, you may click the “Unsubscribe” link found at the bottom of Swanson Health marketing emails that we send and follow the easy instructions to opt-out, or you may click the "Preferences" links to update your email settings. If you would like to opt-out of receiving marketing phone calls, you can inform the agent with whom you speak that you would like to be placed on Swanson Health’s "Do Not Call" list. If you would like to opt-out of any Swanson Health text message campaign, please follow the instructions provided when you opt-in to the campaign; typically, responding "STOP" to your specific short code will opt you out of the campaign for which you signed up. If you wish to be removed from the list of customers who receive direct mail and other Swanson advertisements through the mail, contact us by any of the following methods: Phone: (800) 451-9304; Email: [customercare@swansonvitamins.com](mailto:cutomercare@swansonvitamins.com); U.S. Mail: Swanson Health Products PO Box 2803 Fargo, ND 58108. Please be sure to include your full name and mailing address that you would like removed from our postal mailing list. Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed and updated.
  * **Online Advertising:** To learn some of the ways that you can opt-out of targeted online advertising, see the section above titled “What About Cookies, Pixel Tags and Third-Party Tracking Tools?" for more information.
  * **Display Advertising:  **Some of the ads you see on the Web or in applications on your mobile device are tailored to your interests and based on your activity online or in the applications on your mobile device. This type of ad tailoring — sometimes called "interest-based" or "online behavioral" advertising — is enabled through various technologies, including browser cookies, mobile advertising identifiers as well as other non-cookie technologies. Tailored digital ads help support the free products, services and content you enjoy online. You can choose to opt of this [here](http://dtmc.swansonvitamins.com/adinfo/choice/prod/?type=fpc&cid=2114&cname=Swanson%20Vitamins&cmagic=51174a&clogo=2114.png&loc=us&lang=en-us).



**Retention of Personal Data**

We retain your personal data in accordance with our record retention policy. The record retention policy operates on the principle that we keep personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which we collected it, and in accordance with any requirements that are imposed on us by law. This means that the retention period for your personal data will vary depending on the type of personal data.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

Swanson Health may modify this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting on our websites. Your continued business relationship with us, or use of any of our Swanson Health Services after the changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of any changes, both with regard to information we have previously collected from you and information we may collect from you in the future.

**Notice to California Residents - Your California Privacy Rights (As Provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83)**

A California resident who has provided Personal Data, as defined under California Civil Code section 1798.83, to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (a **"California Customer"** ) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of Personal Data, upon receipt of a request by a California Customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom Personal Data was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of Personal Data that were disclosed. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing [legal@swansonhealth.com](mailto:legal@swansonhealth.com) or [dataprotectionofficer@swansonhealth.com](mailto:dataprotectionofficer@swansonhealth.com). Please note that we are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address.

**Contacting Swanson Health**

Please feel free to share any comments, concerns, complaints, or questions with us:

Swanson Health Products, Inc.

Attn: General Counsel

4075 40th Ave S Fargo, ND 58104

or email us: [legal@swansonhealth.com](mailto:legal@swansonhealth.com) or [dataprotectionofficer@swansonhealth.com](mailto:dataprotectionofficer@swansonhealth.com)
