> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the swayy.co privacy policy that was archived on 2014-07-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140701074707id_/http%3A//app.swayy.co/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Swayy | Privacy Policy

* * *

Thank you for using Summer Social Labs Ltd. ("Company", "we" or "us") application located at [http://www.swayy.co](http://www.swayy.co/) (the "Service"). The Service is an Internet property of the Company. Company has created this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") in order to disclose our information gathering and dissemination practices. We understand the importance that Internet users place on privacy and have designed the Service with this in mind. 

Company does not rent, sell, share, or trade your personal information with third parties other than as disclosed within this Privacy Policy.

Company reserves the right to release current or past Service data: (a) in the event that we believe that the Service is being or has been used in violation of this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use located at <http://app.swayy.co/legal/tos/>, or to commit unlawful acts; (b) as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Service; or (c) if Company is sold or acquired.

Any information you submit to the Service remains your property. However, by submitting that information to us, you grant us the right to use such information, subject to applicable law, in the manner set forth herein, including for the purpose of allowing other users of the Service to be presented with the information.

We will send you Service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if the Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email and/or text message and/or notification and/or message through the Service or via your Facebook page or other social network platforms. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature.

Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by text messages, emails, notifications via the Service or Facebook page or other social network platforms.

We may employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from user lists, analyzing data, and providing marketing analysis. The agents performing these limited functions on our behalf shall have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions for us but we do not permit them to use your personal information for other purposes.

We will also use your personal information for customer service, to provide you with information that you may request, to customize your experience of the Service and/or to contact you when necessary in connection with transactions entered into on the Service. We may also use your personal information for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our business. We may also combine the information we have gathered about you with information from other sources. We may use third parties to help us operate our business and the Service or to administer activities on our behalf.

Company's primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable users to enjoy the Service.

When you install and/or use the Service, we may collect and record the information you provide to Company, whether through the Service or through social network or other third party services.

The information collected by the Service may include your full name, gender, email address, date of birth, phone number, IP address, credit card details, demographic, biographical information and any other information which appears in the social network platform by which you have subscribed to the Service (e.g., Facebook) via Facebook Connect or similar connection widgets (e.g. Twitter, Buffer, Google Plus LinkedIn, Bit.lyand and/or such other connection widgets), including without limitation, your profile picture, likes, interests, locations, contacts and friends list, your location, posts posted by you, posts posted on your behalf (with your consent), post you’re tagged in, pictures posted by you, pictures you’re tagged in, history of posts, status messages your actions in the social network (shares, ignores, clicks and so forth) and any other information available as well as other information that does not personally identify you. We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your user experience (e.g., without limitation, zip code or location).

Additionally, Company may acquire information from you through: (i) your access and use of the Service; and/or (ii) the contents of your customer support requests. When you use our Service, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or service connected to the Internet ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, the webpages you are visiting, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on the Internet, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the Service, to analyze and understand how to improve our Service to you.

We may use cookies or google analytics to keep track of some types of information while you are using our Service. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record keeping purposes. We may also use cookies to automatically collect information about your online activity on our Service, for example, which web pages you browsed, which links you clicked on, or which searches you conducted on our Service. If you choose to decline our cookies, you assume all responsibility for any resulting loss of functionality or access. Cookies placed on your device or computer by Company or any third party site or service that you may access through the Service may remain stored on your device or computer until you remove them.

In addition to information collected as described above, you may choose to share additional information about yourself throughout the Service.

By accessing the Service through a social network, or other third party platform or service or by connecting to such a third party network, platform or service via the Service, you are authorizing Company to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the social network, or other third party platform could provide to Company through the social network/third party platform Application Programming Interface (API) based on your settings on the third party social networkor platform and/or the relevant permissions dialogues. Your agreement takes place when you connect with the third party network, platform or service via the Service, and/or when you connect with the Service, or "accept" or "allow" (or similar terms) the Service to access your information through a social networkor other third party platform or service.

Company may also collect or receive information about you from other app users. This information will be stored by Company and used primarily to help you and other users connect.

Company may share anonymous information about our users (ages, locations, interests, gender, etc.) for marketing purposes with its affiliated entities or in connection with the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets or reorganization or liquidation of Company. Company may release account and any other personally identifiable information: (i) to respond to a subpoena or otherwise comply with the law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Service; (ii) to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use located at <http://app.swayy.co/legal/tos/> other Company agreements and policies; (iii) when we deem it necessary or appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address with other third parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time, or any other similar applicable laws and Federal Trade Commission implementing regulations, or any other similar applicable regulations; and/or (iv) to protect the rights, property or safety of Company or others, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.

Company Data Retention: We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide Services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you Services contact us at [info@swayy.co](mailto:info@swayy.co) We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

### Changes in Our Privacy Policy

If we change our Privacy Policy, we will prominently post a link to those changes on our Service's homepage so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of the Service after posting of the Privacy Policy change on the Service, as applicable, constitutes an affirmative acknowledgment and acceptance by you of the modified Privacy Policy.

### Security

While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.

### Advertisement Choice/Opt-out

We may at any time present content or links of third party advertisers within the Service. Such advertising content is not owned or under the control of Company and Company is not responsible for it. The inclusion of any advertising content does not imply endorsement by Company of the respective goods, services and/or webServices or any association therewith. You acknowledge and agree that Company will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods, services and/or webServices.. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in purchase of goods, services, use of coupons, promotions of, any third party advertisers presented within the Service, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party advertiser. These third party advertisers may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. These third party advertisers follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other advertisers and services you use. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by us. You agree that Company will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers within the Service.

### International Transfer

Any information we collect may be transferred to, stored and processed in servers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. By using the Service, you understand and agree that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.

### Children's Privacy

Company is very sensitive to the issue of children's privacy and, therefore, we endeavor to protect the privacy of children using the Internet. The Service, as well as its products and services, are not developed for or directed at children. Visitors under eighteen (18) years of age are not eligible to do business with us and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from any person that we actually know is under the age of eighteen (18). Company encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children. If you believe that your child has provided Company with any personally identifiable information, please e-mail [info@swayy.co](mailto:info@swayy.co) to have this information removed.

### Contacting the Service

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Service, or your dealings with the Service and/or Service, please contact us at [info@swayy.co](mailto:info@swayy.co).

↑ Back to Top
