> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sivasdescalzo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160627162828id_/http%3A//www.sivasdescalzo.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

  * In compliance with Law 15/1999 of 13 December regarding the Protection of Personal Data, we wish to inform that the personal information you provide through http://www.sivasdescalzo.es Web, via the purchase order, user registration or any other order deriving from the various products and services offered through the web page, including consultations, as long as proportioned correctly and voluntarily to PROUDLACES, S.L.,  will be treated confidentially. The data will become part of a file owned by PROUDLACES, S.L. (CIF B-65386963), with address: Rambla Just Oliveras, 28, 1º 2ª, 08901 of L’Hospitalet de Llobregat (Barcelona). The data owner explicitly authorizes that the data be transferred to the management, administration, maintenance and organization of the services of PROUDLACES, S.L., and to receive commercial and promotional information relating to new products and services being offered. The user guarantees that the personal data provided to PROUDLACES, S.L. is correct. The user is responsible for communicating any changes to this data. In the opposite case, we may, depending on the situation, not proceed to register the user, or deny the specific product or service being solicited.
  

  * In the same right, conform with what is established by data protection regulation, the user may exercise his rights to access, modify, cancel, or, if appropriate, oppose dealings with his personal information under the provisions of the Personal Data Protection Law.  This may be done in writing to PROUDLACES, S.L., with address Rambla Just Oliveras, 28, 1º 2ª, 08901 de L’Hospitalet de Llobregat (Barcelona). The request must contain the first name, last name, and a copy of the National Identity Card (D.N.I.), Passport or Residence Card of the person in question or of his legal representative, along with the document which certifies the representation, the application in which the request is made, the address for the purpose of legal notification, the date and signature of the applicant and the documents relating to the request. If the application does not include the specified requirements, a rectification will be required. Regarding the rights to access, a dismissal will be made once the application does not fulfill the previously cited requirements and does not prove any legitimate interest in effect. No consideration will be demanded for exercising this right.
  

  * It is possible to make use of our services without cookies. Most browsers are preconfigured to automatically accept cookies. You can however deactivate the storing of cookies or configure your browser to notify you before accepting cookies. We would like to point out that the refusal of cookies relevant to specific functionality may hamper the use of our website due to technical reasons. When not deactivating the use of cookies in your navigator, our system makes use of cookies when you connect to our site to collect anonymous analytical data such as our website's user frequency and user number.
  * Whilst the user is maintaining its relationship with PROUDLACES, S.L., it will not be possible to attend to requests regarding the cancellation of identifying data. However, users may refuse to have their data used for commercial mailings and / or advertising.
  

  * PROUDLACES, S.L., has taken the necessary measures to prevent alteration, loss, unauthorized access or processing of personal data, taking into account the current state of technology, users should be aware that Internet security measures are not impregnable. The necessary technical measures have been adopted to protect basic security, such as: confidentiality, understood as restricting access to information by non-authorized people; integrity, understood as the maintenance of reliable and quality information, and availability, understood as the guaranty of access to the information system by an authorized user. In compliance with the Law 34/2002 of 11 July on the Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce and with its modifications introduced by Law 32/2003 on 3  of November, Telecommunications General, it advised that the acceptance of this clause implies the consent to receive commercial or promotional communication by email. At any moment the user may refuse to receive further commercial or promotional emails by written communication to PROUDLACES, S.L., with address Rambla Just Oliveras, 28, 1º 2ª, 08901 de L’Hospitalet de Llobregat (Barcelona), or by email to lopd@sivasdescalzo.com, indicating "Unsubscribe" in the subject of the email.
  * The Web, owned by PROUDLACES S.L., contains links to third-party websites that may be of interest to the user. PROUDLACES S.L. does not assume any responsibility over these a third-party Web sites. The content of such third-party Web sites is the responsibility of the respective owners/providers.
  

  * **© 2011 PROUDLACES, S.L.   All rights reserved.**



Whilst the user is maintaining its relationship with PROUDLACES, S.L., it will not be possible to attend to requests regarding the cancellation of identifying data. However, users may refuse to have their data used for commercial mailings and / or advertising.
