> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mediagraph.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-03-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140309140108id_/http%3A//legal.mediagraph.com/user/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# OneScreen Privacy Policy – OneScreen Legal

**_Last Updated: December 19, 2013_**

1.             Our Commitment to Privacy.  Your use of any OneScreen Inc. (including its affiliates, “OneScreen”) website, and all others owned and operated by OneScreen (each a “Site” and collectively, the “Sites”), provides you  with information and access to OneScreen’s products and services (the “OneScreen Services”), and allows you to contact OneScreen for further information and support. This notice (the “Privacy Policy”) is designed to advise you how OneScreen collects, uses, and protects your personal information. By visiting any Site or by using any OneScreen Services, you are deemed to have accepted the terms of this Privacy Policy.

2.             What Information is Collected. ** ** ** ** OneScreen collects the following personal information:

(a) Personally-Identifiable Information.  OneScreen collects any personally-identifiable information which you may voluntarily enter on a Site, or which you may give OneScreen in any other way in order to perform the OneScreen Services, which identifies you as a specific individual or entity, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, mailing address, phone number(s), and/or credit card number(s) (“PII”).  **OneScreen will only collect PII about you upon express prior notice, or if such information is expressly solicited and is voluntarily provided by you to OneScreen**.

PII is collected on the Sites in the following instances: (i) information requests, when you submit an inquiry to OneScreen, and provides your name, address, email address, mailing address, and/or telephone number so that OneScreen is able to respond to the request; (ii) access to OneScreen’s client-only web-based user interface and Sites for use of certain OneScreen Services, where a username and password must be registered; (iii) feedback requests, when OneScreen may ask you to provide voluntary feedback to help OneScreen improve the Sites or OneScreen Services and you provide optional name and contact information; and/or (iv) other offers.

(b) Non-Personally-Identifiable Information.  OneScreen may also collect non-personally identifiable information that does not reveal your specific identity (“Non-PII”). Non-PII includes optionally submitted demographic data about users, such as their age, gender, and city/state of residence. Non-PII also includes server log files that OneScreen maintains and stores regarding Sites’ users; the information contained in these files includes information a user’s browser automatically sends to the Site, such as information about a user’s web request, IP address, browser type/language, and the date and time of any visit. Collection and recordation of such data is a standard practice among website operators. Non-PII also includes “Cookies”. Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred to a user’s computer from a web server, that allows OneScreen to keep records of users’ ongoing access and use of the Sites. This is a standard practice among website operators and can facilitate users’ ongoing access and use of the Sites. Most browsers are set up to accept Cookies, but you may change such settings by selecting the appropriate option(s) in your browser’s privacy options or settings menu to have your browser notify you upon receipt of a new Cookie, or to refuse to accept Cookies.

(c) Disclaimer.  You may choose not to provide certain personal information or to disallow the use of Cookies, but be advised that by doing so, you may not be able to take advantage of certain OneScreen Services, including the use of a Site, or certain areas of the Site where such information is required for user access.

3.             How and When Information is Used.  The information OneScreen collects is used for administering OneScreen’s business activities. OneScreen uses your PII to respond to inquiries and requests, keep accurate records concerning any Sites or OneScreen Services you may request and use. Occasionally OneScreen may use voluntarily-provided PII to: (a) notify you about changes to the Sites or OneScreen Services; (b) notify you of changes to OneScreen’s terms and conditions of use to a Site; (c) notify you of changes to terms and conditions of use of certain OneScreen Services; or (d) notify you of the availability of new Sites or OneScreen Services, or other special offers.

Non-PII is used by OneScreen in its aggregated form to help OneScreen measure the Sites’ and OneScreen Services’ performance and effectiveness, and to improve the Sites and any OneScreen Services. Some Sites and OneScreen Services include the provision and serving of third-party advertising on by OneScreen through its third-party advertising partners; in such cases, OneScreen and/or its third-party advertising partners may collect and use Non-PII for behavioral advertising purposes by tracking the viewing and usage of advertisements and delivering more relevant advertising pursuant to use of such Sites and Services.

4.             How We Protect User and Client Information.  The privacy and protection of your information is important to OneScreen. OneScreen does not and will not make any of your PII available to third parties without your permission. Be advised that access to some OneScreen Services and content on certain Sites may be password protected and may require a valid username. OneScreen advises you to not disclose your username(s) or password(s) to anyone. OneScreen further advises you that, pursuant to the terms and conditions of use of certain OneScreen Services, you may be required to not disclose your password(s) or username(s) to any persons other than your authorized employees or authorized agents. In addition, you are advised that you are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your username(s) and password(s), and for the confidentiality of such password(s) and username(s). You agree that you will sign out of any password-protected OneScreen Service or Site at the end of each session of use.

5.             Who Has Access to Your Information.  Information about users is important to OneScreen. OneScreen will not disclose your PII to any third party without first receiving your permission, excluding any service providers that help OneScreen provide the OneScreen Services which  you may request. OneScreen may transfer your PII to any of its assigns and successors in interest, or to any of its corporate subsidiaries or parent, subject at all times however, to the terms of this Privacy Policy. OneScreen may be required by law to disclose personal information about you to comply with law, regulation, court order, or other legal process. OneScreen may, in its own reasonable discretion, disclose your PII if it reasonably determines it needs to share such information to protect or enforce OneScreen’s intellectual property or other proprietary rights or those of another user or client, to enforce the terms of OneScreen’s copyright policies or any service agreement, or to assist law enforcement in identifying individuals or users who have/are engaged in unlawful activities. You are advised that you may be required to submit certain PII in notices and/or counter-notifications regarding allegations of copyright infringement pursuant to OneScreen’s Copyright Policy (a copy of which may be found at [http://legal.onescreen.com/user/copyright-policy/](https://web.archive.org/web/20140309140108id_/http%3A//index.html%3Fp=49.html)). Please note that the personal information provided may be forwarded to the party who submitted the allegedly infringing content, or in the case of “counter-notifications”, the original claimant of copyright infringement. By submitting PII to OneScreen pursuant to the Copyright Policy, you are deemed to have consented to having your information revealed in the manner described in the Copyright Policy.

6.             Methods We Use to Protect Your Information.  OneScreen uses security software to protect the confidentiality of your information. In addition, OneScreen’s business practices are reviewed periodically for compliance with policies and procedures governing the security and confidentiality of information. OneScreen’s business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons. You are advised, however, that no transmission of information is absolutely secure, and that OneScreen can only protect the confidentiality of personal information within its reasonable control. OneScreen assumes no responsibility or liability for disclosure of YOUR information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access, or other causes beyond OneScreen’s reasonable control.

7.             Third-Party Links. ** ** ** ** OneScreen does not control the data collection policies of any third-party website that is linked to the Sites. By clicking on any link or advertisement on any Site, you acknowledge and agree that the privacy policy of such third-party website will govern the collection of and use of any information provided to that website’s operators. Accordingly, OneScreen assumes no responsibility or liability for the actions of such third-parties with respect to their use of your information or otherwise.

8\.             Children.  The Sites and OneScreen Services do not provide services or sell products to children under the age of 18. OneScreen does not knowingly collect personal information from any children under the age of 13. Any inadvertently collected information from persons under the age of 13 shall be deleted from OneScreen’s records.

9\.             How You Can Access Your Information.  You may request access to all of your own PII by sending a request to:

OneScreen Inc.  
c/o Legal Department  
310 Commerce  
Suite 200  
Irvine, CA 92602  
Phone: (949) 525-4466  
Fax: (949) 525-4475  
Email: [legal@onescreen.com](mailto:legal@onescreen.com).

10.          User Opt-Out From Data Collection. ** ** ** ** By use of any Site involving the provision and serving of advertising, whether by OneScreen or through its third-party advertising partners, you are deemed to have agreed to the use of your personal information in the manner and purposes described above, including the collection of your Non-PII for behavioral advertising purposes. Due to the nature of Non-PII, be aware that OneScreen may be unable to respond to any requests from a user to delete any Non-PII. You may opt-out of the use of Cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by OneScreen and/or its third-party advertising partners for the purposes of delivering relevant advertising by visiting:

[Here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) to opt-out of data collection and usage by OneScreen’s third-party advertising partners belonging to the Network Advertising Initiative; or

[Here](http://d.1sadx.net/p3pText.html) to opt-out of data collection and usage by OneScreen through advertisements served through OneScreen); and

any other URL as may be specified by OneScreen from time to time in this Privacy Policy. Please follow the instructions listed in the above links to opt-out of such data collection and usage by and OneScreen and its third-party advertising partners.

OneScreen uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third-party websites (including Google) to previous visitors of our website. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on past visits to our website. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and [Google’s privacy policy](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/).

For more information on how to opt out of Google’s use of cookies, visit Google’s [Ads Settings](http://www.google.com/settings/ads).

11.          Consent. By using the Sites and/or the OneScreen Services, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to have your personal information used in any of the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you are advised to discontinue use of the Sites and OneScreen Services.

12\.          Changes to Privacy Policy. OneScreen reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time, in OneScreen’s sole reasonable discretion, and by continued use of any Site or OneScreen Service after the effective date of such changes, you agree to be bound by such revisions or modifications. Any such changes will be effective upon the earlier of: seven (7) days following OneScreen’s written notice posted to the Sites, or, if you are a OneScreen client subject to the terms of the OneScreen Terms and Conditions of Service Agreement, upon effective notice to you according to the terms therein. However, it is your responsibility to review the modified Privacy Policy for any changes. The most recent version of this Privacy Policy may be viewed at any time by visiting: [http://legal.onescreen.com/user/privacy-policy/](https://web.archive.org/web/20140309140108id_/http%3A//index.html%3Fp=56.html).
