> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mediafire.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121229211655id_/http%3A//www.mediafire.com/policies/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Free Online Storage - MediaFire

This MediaFire Privacy Policy, in conjunction with the [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms_of_service.php) and any End User License Agreement (EULA) accepted by you, and other terms and conditions of use which are incorporated herein by reference and may be posted and applicable to specific services, governs your use of the MediaFire website and are collectively referred to as the "Agreement". MediaFire may modify the Agreement which will become effective immediately upon posting on the website. Your continued use of the website and any associated services, the "Services", indicates your acceptance of the Agreement.

Any Content uploaded by you to MediaFire becomes published Content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy governs your use of the MediaFire Services, regardless of how you access it, and by using our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage and disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy. Information may be collected from you in various ways when you use our Services. We automatically receive certain types of information when you interact with our Web pages, services and communications. This information includes your computer or digital device's IP address, access times, your browser type and language. We may also collect information about the type of operating system you use, your account activity, and accessed pages. MediaFire uses unique identifiers to measure usage and analyze trends, administer the website and collect information for its databases. See [Google Analytics Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/).

We may ask for some personal information when you create an account, including, but not limited to, your email address and a password, which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access. You are solely responsible for safeguarding the secrecy of your password. Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want others to know about you. You may review, update, correct or delete personal information or your account on your My Account page. Since our Services are not directed to persons under 13, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that "his" child has provided us with personal information without their consent, "he" should delete the account. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will suspend the account. For assistance, [contact our support department](https://web.archive.org/support/submit_ticket.php).

Your personal information may be used to correspond with you via email, offer software updates, and enable you to communicate, collaborate and share files. When you choose to collaborate or share files with others, MediaFire will collect the email addresses and information of the other parties. Some information is retained only as long as necessary to provide requested Services; other information may be retained longer so we may provide the Services, comply with our legal obligations and enforce our Agreements. 

MediaFire is not responsible if you volunteer personal information online that is accessible to the public. You may receive unsolicited messages from other parties or it may be used in a manner that violates the law, your personal privacy or your safety. By submitting such information, you assume the risks and sole liability arising as a result of such information being displayed.

If you are not a resident of the United States, you understand and agree that MediaFire stores and processes your information on computers located in the United States, and by providing any data to MediaFire, you consent to the transfer of such information to the United States.

We will not rent, sell or share your information with third parties. However, we may disclose your personal information or any of its log file information when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with a law, regulation or compulsory legal request; (b) co-operate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities; (c) identify persons who may be violating the law or legal notice; (d) protect and defend the rights or property of MediaFire or third parties; (e) protect the safety of an individual or group; (f) prevent fraud or abuse of MediaFire or its users.

We use "cookies" to collect information and improve our Services. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your digital device. We may use "persistent cookies" to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Service. We may use "session ID cookies" to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept or delete cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of the Service or be able to access your uploaded files if you have not already created a registered account. We also employ HTML5 technology and, by default, local storage which you can disable on your My Account page. You are solely responsible for the privacy and security of your digital device receiving this technology.

Third-party websites or services linked to MediaFire are not covered by this Privacy Policy. These websites may collect personally identifiable information about you and place a cookie on your browser. MediaFire is not responsible for the privacy practices of the third-party websites and companies or what they do with your information. You should make sure their privacy policy is acceptable to you. You may opt-out of third-party advertising cookies thru the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) website <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.

We shall have the right to reference and refer to a relationship with you or your company, which may be determined by the domain used in the registered email account.

The security of your information is important to us. MediaFire employs measures to protect information collected from loss, destruction, disclosure, unauthorized access, misuse and alteration. Although we strive to protect your personal information, MediaFire cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Sensitive data such as credit card information is administered in compliance with PCI standards. PayPal customers banking and credit card information is stored, transmitted to, accessed and managed exclusively by PayPal.

In the event that MediaFire is acquired, sold or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right to transfer or assign the information we have collected from you as part of any change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, MediaFire may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred or used.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, contact us by mail c/o Privacy Policy, 19241 David Memorial Dr. #170, Shenandoah, Texas 77385.

Last update: February 16, 2012
