> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mediaite.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190626005434id_/https%3A//www.mediaite.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Mediaite

### Privacy Policy

Updated: 5/24/18

**What’s New in the Updated Privacy Policy? We have updated the privacy policy applicable to our online and mobile websites, applications, and digital services and clarified data collection, usage and sharing practices. Please take the time to read the full privacy policy. You consent to the data collection, use, disclosure and storage practices described in this privacy policy when you use any of our Services (as described below), including when you access any content or videos.**

**INTRODUCTION**

Welcome! The following privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) outlines the types of information that Mediaite, LLC (“we,” “our,” or “us”) collects when operating services through our website https://mediaite.com (the “Site” or “Mediaite”).

We try to collect as little information as possible while still providing you with a quality service. Your privacy is important to us, and we do our best to protect your information and ensure that information is kept private and secure. If you have any questions, please contact us at info@mediaite.com.

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND WHY**

In order to provide you with a high quality service and verify your identity, we collect various types of information when you visit Mediaite.

_As a Visitor_

We may collect various types of non-personally identifiable information about visitors who use the Site, such as device-related information (e.g., device, browser, IP address) and server log information (e.g., date and time of day of your visit). We use this information to better understand our visitors and to enhance your experience.

_For Newsletter_

When you create a user account to access our newsletter, we will also collect certain personal information, such as your first, last name, and email address.

Please keep in mind that we may from time to time collect various other types of personal information related to your use of Mediaite. For example, we may ask for additional information if you contact us for technical support. We may collect hardware addresses or unique user identifier numbers. Or, we may collect personal information if we run a promotion or other advertising or marketing event.

We use this information to validate your identity, make it easier for you to use the Site, and ensure that you receive important information generated by Mediaite. We also use it in for marketing, advertising, and to improve the Site.

_Third-Party Services_

We haven’t built every single part of Mediaite from scratch. To run the Site, we utilize various third-party services to maintain Mediaite (collectively “Third-Party Services”). If you authorize us to connect with these Third-Party Services, you grant us the permission to collect certain personal information, such as your name, email address, and any other information that the third-party service makes available to us. Your use of these Third-Party Services is governed by their Terms of Service and Privacy Policies. We will use and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

This type of information is collected anonymously by approved third-party partners (such as online marketing firms, research companies, social media companies, ad targeting firms, and other partners). None of the information collected by these sources contains any personally identifying information. This type of information includes, but is not limited to:

  * Demographic information (gender, age, HHI, job title, interests, etc.)
  * Advertising information (clicks, interactions, post-impression performance data)
  * Social networking information (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.)
  * Research information (data collected from partners)



Please see our Section titled Cookies, and Other User and Ad-Targeting Technologies for more information about how the foregoing Information may be collected and used.

_Analytics_

We use analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, to collect information about your usage of Mediaite (collectively “Analytics Tools”). These Analytics Tools collect information such as how often you visit the Site, what areas of the Site you visit, and what other sites or services you used prior to using Mediaite.

Analytics Tools all operate differently. For example, Google Analytics only collects the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit Mediaite, not your name or other identifying information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your computer to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google.

As of right now, we only use the information we get from Analytics Tools to improve the Site and do not combine the information collected through the use of Analytics tools with personally identifiable information. However, we reserve the right to do so in the future.

Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your use of Mediaite is restricted by the [Google Analytics Terms of Use](http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html) and the [Google Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html).

You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to Mediaite disabling cookies on your browser. You also can opt out of Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on [here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

**Advertising Privacy Statement**

This snippet describes how AdThrive uses data to provide ads to customers inside and outside the EU. Please make sure this snippet is inserted into your privacy policy so it can be fully GDPR-compliant and correctly describe how we use the data of your users.

This Site is affiliated with AdThrive, LLC (“AdThrive”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site.  AdThrive uses standard and widely-available tools for the placement and serving of ads, including those provided by Google, Inc. and its affiliates. We publish interest-based advertisements on the Site; that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests. To help understand your interests, AdThrive, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the Internet using cookies.

A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.  Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.

By using this Site, you consent to the use of such cookies and the sharing of data captured by such cookies with AdThrive, Google, and our other third party partners. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: [https://adssettings.google.com](https://adssettings.google.com/). You can also opt out of the network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative’s multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: [http://optout.networkadvertising.org](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/). However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.

For European Economic Area Residents

If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing.  If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by us or AdThrive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact AdThrive at [info@adthrive.com](mailto:info@adthrive.com). If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences icon. (Available in the EU.)

_RevContent_

We use a third-party platform on our site called RevContent to serve recommended content to users. In order to help provide recommendations and promoted content that is relevant to your interests, RevContent automatically collects certain information when you access websites and mobile applications that incorporate the Services. This information reflects information about the websites you visit, the mobile applications you use, and how you interact with our Services.

Browser and Device Information: RevContent collects information about your browser and device, including your browser type, device type, IP address, user agent string, operating system, mobile carrier, and identifiers assigned to your browser or device.

Usage Data: RevContent collects information about the websites and mobile applications you visit that integrate our Services and about the websites that you visit immediately prior to visiting a website that integrates our Services, including the date and time your browser or device accesses such websites and the specific pages accessed.

Click Data: RevContent collect information about the content and ads that you click on within the Services.

If you’d like to learn more about the information RevContent collects, or opt-out, please see their [Privacy Policy](https://faq.revcontent.com/customer/en/portal/articles/2703838-revcontent-s-privacy-and-cookie-policy).

**HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION**

Your information is primarily used to:

  * Provide information that you request through the Site and respond to correspondence that we receive from you;
  * Provide, maintain, administer, or expand the Site;
  * Perform business analyses to improve, or enhance our business, Mediaite and other products and services we offer;
  * Send you information about Mediaite;
  * Contact you when necessary or requested;
  * Customize and tailor your experience of the Site;
  * Send emails and other communications that display content that we think will interest you according to your preferences; or
  * Prevent, detect, and investigate security breaches and potentially illegal or prohibited activities.



As part of this process, we may aggregate some of your information in certain data analyses, and may display this information publicly or provide it to others. When aggregating information, we do our best to ensure that the information is not identifiable to any particular user.

**Cookies  and Other User and Ad-Targeting Technologies**

Like many websites and online services, we may set and access “cookies”, web beacons, or other tracking technologies on your device when you use our Site. A “cookie” is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer and stored on your device when you visit a website.

When logging into Mediaite, a cookie is sent to your device that identifies your user account and allows you to successfully access the Site. You are not required to accept any cookies; however if cookies are impaired or disabled, you may not be able to login successfully or some features of Mediaite may not function properly.

_Disabling Cookies_

Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may be able to set your browser to warn you before accepting certain cookies or to refuse certain cookies. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of the Services may be difficult to use or inoperable.

We may work with certain third-party companies that use techniques other than HTTP cookies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity, including those integrated with our Services. Please keep in mind that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of these techniques, and those browser settings that block conventional cookies may have no effect on such techniques. To learn more about Interest-Based Advertising or to opt-out of this type of advertising by those third parties that are members of DAA’s opt-out program, please go to [http://www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/).

_Web Beacons_

We and our Partners may also use “web beacons” or clear GIFs, or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on a Service or in an email, to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a Service or email. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that Service. Web beacons may also be used to provide information on the effectiveness of our email campaigns (e.g., open rates, clicks, forwards, etc.).

_Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs_

We also sometimes use, or partner with publishers, publisher-facing, or app developer platforms that use mobile Software Development Kits (“SDKs”), or use an SDK with a mobile app that we offer, to collect Information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs), and Information connected to how mobile devices interact with our Services and those using our Services. A mobile SDK is the mobile app version of a web beacon (see “Web Beacons” above). The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services or analytics to be performed. We may use this technology to deliver or help our Partners deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device.

By visiting the Service, whether as a registered user or otherwise, you acknowledge, and agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the Service through the technologies described above, as well as similar technologies developed in the future, and that we may use such tracking technologies in the emails we send to you.

Our unaffiliated Partners and third parties may themselves set and access their own tracking technologies when you visit our Services and they may have access to information about you and your online activities over time and across different websites or applications when you use the Service. Their use of such tracking technologies is not in our control and is subject to their own privacy policies.

**WHEN DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION**

We do not sell, rent, or trade any information that you provide us or share any of your information with any third parties, except as provided below.

We may disclose information in response to service of legal process, such as a court order, summons, subpoenas, or as permitted or required by law when we reasonably believe it is necessary or appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our Terms of Service, which can be found here mediaite.com/terms.

We may share aggregated information with third parties, such as demographic and geographic information, and when doing so will attempt to remove your personally identifiable information. We may also disclose potentially personally-identifying information to employees, independent contractors, vendors, and affiliated organizations that: (i) need to know your personal information in order to provide services available on Mediaite; and (ii) have agreed not to disclose your information to others. Some of these employees, contractors, or affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country. By using Mediaite, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.

Information about our users, including personal information, may be disclosed or transferred to entities, now or in the future, affiliated with us or as part of any merger, acquisition, change of control, debt financing, insolvency, bankruptcy or sale of our assets. Such information may be used in the businesses of any entity so receiving it and you consent to any such transfer.

**ONLINE TRACKING AND HOW WE RESPOND TO DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS**

Online tracking is the collection of data about an individual’s internet activity used to deliver targeted advertisements and for other purposes. Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Chrome) incorporate a “Do Not Track” (DNT) or similar feature that signals to websites that a visitor does not want to have his or her online activity and behavior tracked. If an online service elects to respond to a particular DNT signal, the service may refrain from collecting certain personal information about the browser’s user.  For more information about DNT signals, visit _ht_[tp://allaboutdnt.com](http://allaboutdnt.com/).

**Your Rights as a California Resident**

Residents of California have the right to request from us certain information with respect to the types of personal information we share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. To exercise your rights, you may make one request each year by emailing us at office@mediaite.com. Your request should specify your full name and the email address you used when submitting personal information to us.

**Log Files**

Like most websites, our servers use log files. These log file records include Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. Mediaite uses this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. Mediaite may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement.

**Legal Disclaimer**

Though Mediaite makes every effort to preserve user privacy, it may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein Mediaite has a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process.

**Children Under 13**

Mediaite is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on Mediaite. Mediaite does not knowingly target advertising to or collection information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, do not use or provide information on Mediaite. If Mediaite learns it has collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, the information will be deleted.

**Visitors from outside the United States**

Mediaite’s offices are located in the United States. If you visit the site from another country, please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the site may be processed in and transferred to the United States and will be subject to U.S. law. U.S. privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence.

**Notification of Changes**

Whenever Mediaite changes its privacy policy, it will post those changes to this privacy statement.

**Contact Information**

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact info@mediaite.com.
