> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mediachance.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191020221810id_/https%3A//www.mediachance.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

[ ](http://www.mediachance.com/)

Get notified about updates

Receive updates, new releases and discount offers

[ ](https://mediachance.com/newsletter.htm)

[ ](https://order.shareit.com/cart/view?vendorid=200277176)

Privacy Policy Our commitment to privacy, including processing and protecting personal data, is demonstrated in this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”). Processing Order DR MyCommerce Ireland Limited is the authorised reseller and merchant of the products and services offered within this web site. When we make products available for sale through our website or affiliates, we are doing so using Digital River (DR MyCommerce) as an  independent e-commerce reseller and service provider for [Mediachance.com](http://mediachance.com/). Digital River will be the seller and merchant of record for such  transactions and Digital River Privacy Policy will apply to all the transaction. Your bill and invoice/receipt will be issued by Digital River and will  feature Digital River as the seller under: DR MyCommerce, Inc Processing of Your Data. Your commerce request, and therefore your Personal Data, will be optimally processed by Digital River in or near the  region from which you initiated your session. This means that the processing of your Personal Data will take place in either the United States  and/or Ireland. When you enter the shopping cart part of this website you are using the website, server and service operated by Digital River. Any Personal Data  collected during the ordering process is therefore controlled by Digital River, Inc., 10380 Bren Road West, Minnetonka, Minnesota 55343, USA  “(Data Controller”). However, at times, another Digital River entity is the Data Controller as noted directly below. REST OF WORLD Digital River Ireland, Ltd. as the Controller. Where Digital River Ireland Ltd. is the seller and merchant of record, then any Personal Data provided  to or collected by visiting the Website is controlled by Digital River Ireland Ltd., Unit 153, Shannon Free Zone West, Shannon, Co. Clare Ireland  (“Data Controller”). Digital River GmbH as the Controller. Digital River GmbH is part of the Digital River group of entities, a leader in e-commerce reselling services,  and the authorized reseller of the products and services offered on the MyCommerce Share-it site. Here, any Personal Data provided to or  collected by visiting the MyCommerce Share-it site is controlled by Digital River GmbH, Scheidtweilerstrasse 4 Cologne 50933 Germany (“Data  Controller Other Digital River entities as the Controller. For purposes of transactions that are made through another Digital River entity, that Digital River  entity could be the Data Controller. Please refer to the section above, “Processing of Your Data”, which explains where your Personal Data will be  processed globally. For full text of this Privacy Policy and explanation how your data are collected and processed by Digital River please refer to full text of [Digital ](https://www.digitalriver.com/corporate-policies/) [River privacy policy](https://www.digitalriver.com/corporate-policies/). Access to the Data collected by Digital River The outline of how and where your data are collected is described in the paragraphs above, where Digital River is the controller of the data, seller  and merchant of record. The successful order is processed and fulfilled automatically by the Digital River directly to the customer. There is no  third party involved. In order for us to be able to determine the status of your order or resend registration information when requested by a customer, a dedicated  support personnel employed by us need to have access to view a partial subset of the Personal Data on Digital River servers.  The data available to us to view by Digital River include:  Name, Address, phone number, e-mail, date of order, product ordered and serial number.  We cannot access or see credit card numbers or any other payment details or financial records. How We Use Access to your Personal Data collected by Digital River We may view the above listed part of your Personal Data for the following purposes: • to enable your access to products or services provided by us • to be able to locate and identify registration code or serial number of the licensed software or the status of the license and forward it to you  in case of data loss or if you have specifically requested this information from us. We have to be satisfied that the information you provided  to us identify you as our customer • to correct customer input error (for example misspelled name) • to provide you with discounted product upgrades The data we can view on Digital River server will not be used to send you any other messages, marketing messages or offers and will not be  copied, shared, sold or given away to third party.  Special Categories of Data Special categories of data require a heightened level of protection under data protection legislation in some jurisdictions, such as processing that  reveals health, racial or ethnic origin. Special Categories of Data is not collected or processed by Mediachance nor Digital River. Data Collected by our software Our software is not designed to collect personal data. Entering your name and Serial Number will store the information on your computer. A software may have implemented “check for updates” function. Such function doesn’t transmit nor collect any personal identifiable data. Information from Your Browser or Device We may also receive information from your web browser. This may include information that does not identify you personally (such as the date and  time of your visit). The information we receive depends on the settings on your web browser.  Cookies, Java Script and Other Similar Technologies The information we collect using cookies and similar technologies is not typically personally identifiable. This website may use cookies and other  similar technologies to collect information and support certain features of this Website. For example, we may use these technologies to collect  information about the ways visitors use this Website (such as which pages they visit, links they use). We analyze this information to better  understand our visitors’ interests, needs and to improve the content and functionality of the Website. We also use this information to personalize  your experience when you use the Website and to improve our marketing efforts, including through use of targeted advertising. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer.  Contact form Data transmitted using contact form is received by us in form of and e-mail and it is no different than sending an email directly to us. The input  form used for this purpose determines what personal data are transmitted.  Subscription to our newsletters On our website users and customers are given the opportunity to subscribe to our newsletter and announcements. The input form used for this  purpose determines what personal data are transmitted. Ordering a product doesn’t automatically enter the customer to receive this  announcements. Existing and new customers as well as any other user of our web site has to explicitly give consent to do so through the double  opt-in newsletter form on our site. Even though the form may originate on our pages, the data are not collected by Mediachance server. The data are collected by the Mail List host  provider and reside in the state of California in the United States. The controller for the data transmitted is: DreamHost PMB #257, 417  Associated Road, Brea, CA 92821, USA We inform our customers and business partners regularly by means of this newsletter about updates, new releases and offers. Sending  Mediachance newsletter is an automated process from Mail List provider and may only be received by the subject if: (a) the subject has a valid e-mail address (b) the subject registers for the newsletter and confirmed the e-mail address in double opt-in procedure A confirmation e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address registered by a subject for the first time for newsletter delivery, for legal reasons, in the  double opt-in procedure. This confirmation e-mail is used to prove whether the owner of the e-mail address as the data subject is authorized to  receive the newsletter. We are unable to add subjects e-mail to the list on request. The personal data used and collected by Mail List provider as part of a registration for our newsletter will only be used to send the newsletter and  update announcements. The subscription to our newsletter may be terminated by the subject at any time by going to the  <https://www.mediachance.com/newsletter.htm> and removing their e-mail from the list. The instructions are also printed on each newsletter sent. How We Protect Your Information Mediachance takes reasonable steps to provide a level of security appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. We have implemented  physical, technical and administrative security practices and safeguards reasonably designed to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized  access and disclosure. We do not allow our employees to copy or share in physical or digital form any personal data of our customers.  Mediachance site does not duplicate, copy, transmit, receive or share any of the data collected by our e-commerce and Mail List providers. If the Personal Data under the custody of Mediachance is (or is likely to be) divulged, damaged or lost, we will immediately take remedial  measures, inform the users in a timely manner and report to the competent government agencies as required by applicable laws. Access to Your Information If you would like to review, correct or request erasure of your Personal Data please send us a request using the information in the “”Contact us”  part of this website.  In Connection with a Sale, Merger or related Event If one of our corporate affiliates or a third party has acquired our business, specific assets or the business of one of our operating divisions (such  as part of a sale, merger, reorganization, or similar event), access to Personal Data collected by Digital River or Mail List will become available to  that company, unless otherwise provided for by the local legislation. In that event, the acquiring company’s use of your Personal Data will be  subject to the governing Privacy Policy, any applicable supplemental privacy notices, and the privacy preferences you have expressed to the  governing entity. Children’s Privacy This Website is not directed at nor targeted to children. If you have not reached the age of majority or are not able to enter into legally binding  agreements in your country, you may not use this Website unless necessary parental consent has been obtained. If you believe that we have  received information from a person protected under child protection laws where necessary parental consent was not obtained, please notify us  immediately, and we will take reasonable steps to securely remove that information. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. These updates may reflect, among other things, changes in applicable laws, rules or regulations,  changes in our data collection practices, and/or changes to our business or services. A revised version of our Privacy Policy will become effective  upon posting and such revised version will apply to personal information we collect as of the effective date of the revised version. If revisions to  the Privacy Policy materially affect how we may use Personal Information collected from you prior to the date of the revised statement, then we  will request that you opt-in to the revised Privacy Policy. 

[ ](http://www.mediachance.com/)
