> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the medigo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180811234506id_/https%3A//www.medigo.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - MEDIGO

##### **PRIVACY POLICIES**

##### **Last updated: 25th of May, 2018**

MEDIGO GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “MEDIGO”) operates a platform and community marketplace for the provision of advertising for medical service providers including but not limited to hospitals and clinics (“Medical Provider”) around the world, whether through our website or on our mobile applications (“Platform”) to the user (“User”). MEDIGO is the sole data controller and responsible for the handling of the information provided either via its Platform or through the communication between the User, hospitals, clinics and third parties with one or multiple MEDIGO customer service team members (the “Care Team”). MEDIGO, in the course of its operations, may use third party partners, service providers and affiliates to fulfil its services, and may share the information provided by the User to such third parties. MEDIGO shall remain responsible for the data collected and shared under the Privacy Policy, except where it can be established that MEDIGO was not responsible for a violation. 

Personal Data and Specific Personal Data:

  1. The collection, process and use of personal data (any information concerning the personal or material circumstances of the User, e.g. name, address, date of birth) is undertaken in accordance with the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG), the Telemedia Act (TMG) and other applicable legal provisions.
  2. The User can use the Platform without any personal data being collected. However, for the purpose of being able to assess the use the Platform and to avoid or deal with technical problems, the IP address of the User will automatically be recorded and stored in a log file on the server with every visit to MEDIGO's website and each time a file is accessed. Under certain circumstances, IP addresses can be traced back to the specific User. MEDIGO nonetheless does not undertake analyses to achieve this end nor does it use such data for its own promotional purposes, nor does it keep such data for use by third parties.
  3. The collection of personal data and specific personal data (including information regarding medical status, health, sex life, habits, racial or ethnic origin or religious conviction) is required to conclude and execute a contract, open a customer account or to establish contact with MEDIGO or a Medical Provider partner of MEDIGO. This data will be used solely for the purposes mentioned above, unless MEDIGO receives the User express consent for other uses, as described in our consent form (“Consent Form”). If such, it will be used only to the extent necessary for the specific purpose, such as contract conclusion, execution and settlement.
  4. To fulfil these purposes, the User data will be stored in compliance with tax and trade law requirements but will be deleted after said periods have expired.
  5. The User may use specific services ("Specific Services") provided by MEDIGO. For this purpose, the User's consent to the collection, processing and use of his or her personal data and, as the case may be, specific personal data within the meaning of the Federal Data Protection Act (BSDG) is necessary. This applies to the following Specific Services:
    1. MEDIGO provides an online marketplace enabling the User to get in contact with a Medical Provider and third party service providers and affiliates (e.g. travel agencies, customer service agencies, payment providers or translators) whose services are advertised through our Platform.
    2. In the event that a Medical Provider concludes a contract regarding medical treatment with the User, the User consents (and, if required by law, the User shall allow the Medical Provider to deliver the respective data to MEDIGO) that the Medical Provider informs MEDIGO about the type and the date of the medical treatment and the amount and the date of any invoice submitted by the Medical Provider to the User.
    3. In the event that a third party service provider concludes a contract with the User regarding certain services, the User shall allow the third party service provider to inform MEDIGO about the amount and the date of any invoice submitted by the service provider to the User.
    4. In the event that the User is a policyholder of an Insurance company (“Insurer”) partner of MEDIGO, the User shall allow the Medical Provider, third party service provider and Insurer to inform MEDIGO about the specific personal data regarding the medical treatment of the User, the amount and the date of any invoice submitted by the service provider to the User or to the Insurer.
    5. Forums are set-up on the Platform or in affiliates online websites, which permit the exchange of experiences and opinions between the Users.
    6. The User has the opportunity to receive a newsletter on a regular basis.
    7. MEDIGO uses the personal data for its own advertising and will send to the User via email, call, sms or by mail information about MEDIGO, new products, new services, Medical Providers, etcetera.
  6. MEDIGO uses a variety of third party service providers and affiliates to help on providing services related to the Platform. These third party service providers and affiliates may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). The third party service providers and affiliates may help MEDIGO: (i) to verify or authenticate the User identification, (ii) to check information against public databases, (iii) to assist with background checks, fraud prevention, and risk assessment, or (iv) to provide customer service, advertising, or payments services. These providers have limited access to the User information to perform these tasks on behalf of MEDIGO, and are contractually obligated to use it consistent with this Privacy Policy.
  7. As far and to the extent that the passing on of personal data and specific personal data to third parties is not allowed pursuant to the aforementioned provisions, we will pass on personal data and specific personal data to third parties only in the following events:
    1. We provide personal data and specific personal data to our third party partners and affiliates (within the meaning of sec. 15 seq. German Stock Corporation Act) to render a service that MEDIGO cannot render via its own means, based on MEDIGO’s instructions and in compliance with its Privacy Policy and who have set up appropriate confidentiality and security measures (e.g. payment providers)
    2. As far as required and permitted by law, we will share personal data and specific personal data with companies, organisations or individuals outside MEDIGO if we believe that the passing on is reasonably necessary to enforce applicable terms of service (including investigation of potential violations), address security or technical issues or protect against harm to the rights of MEDIGO.
  8. The User has the right at any time to oppose the collecting, processing and use of personal data and specific personal data with effect for the future. For this, please send an email with a brief explanation of the opposition to dataprotection@medigo.com and specify name, address and username (if any). Instead of sending an email, the User may send the opposition via mail (letter) to the following address: MEDIGO GmbH, Rosenthaler Straße 13, 10119 Berlin, Germany.
  9. In the event that MEDIGO undertakes or is involved in any merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or insolvency event, then MEDIGO may sell, transfer or share some or all of its assets, including the User information. In this event, MEDIGO will notify the User before any personal data and specific personal data is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
  10. MEDIGO may also compile, reconcile and share aggregated information (information about the User and other Users that is anonymised in a way it no longer identifies or references an individual User) and non-personal data for industry and market analysis, demographic profiling, marketing and advertising, and for other MEDIGO business purposes.



User's Consent

  1. By clicking the appropriate check box during the inquiry and checkout process, the User is consenting to the following forms of data processing
  2. The User consents that MEDIGO GmbH may collect, store and use the personal data and specific personal data which is submitted as part of the inquiry process for the purpose of: (i) forwarding such data to the Medical Provider selected by me the User, or if no specific Medical Provider is selected, to up to three Providers selected by MEDIGO based on certain criteria (health condition, preferred country, the language spoken by the Medical Provider and the User, the responsiveness of the Medical Provider in previous cases, and the “best price” for the procedure the User seeks) for either a quote or a booking of medical services provided by the Medical Provider, (ii) forwarding such data to third party service providers, partners and affiliates, inside and outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) to render a service commissioned by MEDIGO, based on MEDIGO’s instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and who have set up appropriate confidentiality and security measures to provide customer service, advertising, or payments services, (iii) providing any service the User signed up for on this website, and (iv) for internal price calculation and quote review purposes, in each case to the extent necessary for such purpose and as further described in this Privacy Policy. 
  3. The User consents that MEDIGO may review, scan, or analyse the User communications either on the Platform or over email with the Medical Provider partner of MEDIGO for fraud prevention, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, investigation, product development, research, and customer support purposes. MEDIGO uses automated methods to review, scan or analyse the User communications, however, occasionally MEDIGO may need to manually review some communications for fraud investigations and customer support, or to assess and improve the functionality of these automated tools.
  4. The User has the right at any time to oppose such collecting, processing and use of personal data and specific personal data with effect for the future by observing the process described in Section 8 of this Privacy Policy, however, MEDIGO will then no longer be able to provide those services to the User that require the processing of any personal data or specific personal data.



##### Other Data:

  1. A log file (containing, inter alia, the site from which the file was requested, the date and time of the request, the amount of data transferred) is created with every visit to MEDIGO's website and every time a file is accessed. Due to technical limitations, these data cannot be identified as belonging to a specific User. We do not merge or compare these data with other data sources; the data is deleted after being used for statistical evaluation.
  2. MEDIGO collects and stores anonymous data for optimisation and marketing purposes, for example on anonymous User profiles or on User behaviour. To this end Flash and cookies may also be used. Cookies and Flash Cookies are alphanumeric identification codes, which MEDIGO transmits to the hard drive of a computer using the User Web browser or other programs. If the User do not wish cookies, they can disable them according to manufacturer's instructions for the User’s browser.



##### Cookies:

  1. It is not necessary to accept cookies to visit MEDIGO website. However, if the User would like to bookmark a clinic as a favourite or be reminded of the clinics looked at, the User will need to set the browser to accept cookies.
  2. Cookies and flash cookies are small files that are saved on the User data carrier which store specific information about preferred settings and any other data that MEDIGO system needs when interacting with browsers. There are two different kinds of cookies: session cookies, which are deleted the moment the User quits the browser; and temporary cookies, which are stored on the User browser for a longer period of time. Cookies help MEDIGO to tailor the Platform to suit the User and to reflect preferences and browsing habits. They also allow MEDIGO to save any information entered so the User don’t have to enter it all again on the next visit.
  3. Most of the cookies MEDIGO uses are session cookies which are deleted at the end of a browser session. MEDIGO do use some cookies that remain on the User computer after having quit the browser. This kind of cookie enables MEDIGO system to recognise that the User have visited the Platform before and to remember which settings and clinics are preferred. These temporary cookies have a lifespan of around one month, after which they will be automatically deleted. These cookies allow MEDIGO to collect and analyse data to come up with strategies to improve the Platform. This makes MEDIGO website easier to use. 
  4. The cookies used by MEDIGO are never used to store any personal information. Therefore our cookies cannot be traced back to an individual User. Once a cookie is activated, it is given an ID number, which is solely used for internal reference and cannot be used to identify the User or access any personal information, such as your name or IP address. The anonymised information we receive from the cookies allows us to assess which pages of MEDIGO site are visited the most and see which procedures and clinics are the most popular.
  5. The MEDIGO website gathers information that could be useful in tailoring adverts and online offer to the User. This information is not used to identify you as a User; it is solely used for the optimization of the Platform. Information collected by these cookies is not stored with the User personal information or order information, it is only used to provide the User with adverts and/or notification of offers and services that are suited to their individual requirements, using click stream analysis. 
  6. MEDIGO uses retargeting, which allows it to make the online offer more interesting for the User. Retargeting technology means MEDIGO can advertise recently viewed and related clinics on partners’ websites, meaning adverts, even on other companies’ sites, that are relevant to what the User would like to see. This kind of information is anonymous, with no personal information being stored and no user profiles.
  7. 


##### Google Analytics:

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. Google will use this information on our behalf for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to us. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google's collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>

Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by gat.anonymizeIp(); to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking)

Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at <https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/>[ ](https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/) or at[ https://policies.google.com/privacy](https://policies.google.com/privacy)

The aforementioned wording was provided by  [www.mein-datenschutzbeauftragter.de](https://www.mein-datenschutzbeauftragter.de/)

Change of Privacy Policy: 

  1.   
MEDIGO reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with this provision. MEDIGO will make available any changes of the Privacy Policy on this website. Additionally, if the changes are significant, MEDIGO will inform the User via email.  


