> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mediaticks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-08-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140806163134id_/http%3A//mediaticks.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

By accessing the Service and / or Mediaticks Web Pages, you accept all the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and changes are available for review at our mobile applications Mediaticks, in most Mediaticks Web pages you visit. Your continued use of our service after making any change will signify your consent to the change of privacy policy. Accordingly, we ask that you make and periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, we ask that you immediately discontinue using and accessing the Web Service and Mediaticks Pages.

Please note that we have special concerns about the privacy of users who are minors (under 18 users), discussed in more detail in the section below regarding children.

**1.  Information We Collect**

We collect no personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") about you (such as your name, physical address, email address or telephone number) without your permission when using the service. Many of the features of our service do not require you to register for an account or provide any personal information to us. However, if you want to apply online for information about partnering with Mediaticks or other information about our service or our company, you will be asked to provide certain personal information, including your name, company, email address and telephone number.

In order to take advantage of certain features of the Service (including, without limitation, posting reviews of companies and receive newsletters and special offers from Mediaticks), you may have to create an online account with Mediaticks as "Mediaticks During account creation Mediaticks, you may be asked to provide certain personal information, including, without limitation, your name and email address. may also request other information, such as your ZIP code, age, gender and if you want to receive promotional information from Mediaticks.com. going to store all this information. always will let you know if such personal information is required or optional. In providing our services to you, it may be necessary to share your information staff with our partners or affiliates, including advertising partners and content (collectively, the "Partners") or allow such partners to gather such personal information directly. Where our partners collect personal information about you in the course of providing services to you, we will let you know the fact, and if such personal information is provided, members can continue to use that Personal Information, subject to their respective privacy policies. You represent, warrant and agree that any personal information you provide will be is true, complete and correct in all respects.

Web pages Mediaticks not transmit personally identifiable information ("Anonymous Information") that your browser makes available whenever you visit a website or performs a search. Anonymous information is not associated with or linked to your personal information and does not identify you. Anonymous information may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type, browser language, type of mobile device, operating system, operating system version, the domain name of the website from which you linked to our service, search queries entered by you on our service, and the date and time of your queries. Anonymous information by itself does not identify us when such anonymous information may be unique or consist of or contain information you might consider personal. Note that the information search query collected by us is maintained by Mediaticks aggregate form (ie, along with queries from all our end-users) for the purposes of generating statistics regarding the use of our service (for example, the number of queries performed by the average end-user per month, a list of the most popular query terms, etc.), and never used in a manner that matches specific search query information with the identity of any user particular end.

If you access our services from a mobile device or our mobile application (s), we may collect unique identifier of the device. We can look at the frequency of use of our mobile app if you access our services the request, and when it was downloaded. We can combine or associate your unique device identifier with other personal information or anonymous information you have provided to us or that we have obtained, directly or indirectly.

**Two.  Cookies and Web Beacons**

When you visit a Mediaticks Search Page, a cookie that uniquely identifies your browser can send to your computer or mobile device. A "cookie" is a small file that contains the preferences that are sent to your browser and sent back by your browser each time your browser accesses our server. The cookies we use can only be read by the server that placed them there. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service (for example, by fulfilling your language, filtering and other preferences) and to better understand how people interact with our service (for example, by tracking user trends and patterns of how people search). Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some aspects of the service may not function properly without cookies.

We currently use the services of a web analytics company to help us measure the effectiveness of our service, including advertising on the Service. To do this, we allow the company web analysis to include web beacons and cookies on web pages Mediaticks. The type of information collected through this type of beacons and cookies includes search terms, the search parameters, the number of user clicks, and other similar information. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like user preferences, popular search categories, the click-through rates, how to improve our service and what kinds of offers our users like to see. Although our web analytics company records this information on our behalf, we control how that data can be used.

Most, if not all, of the ads appearing on the Service are delivered to you by our web advertising partners ("Ad Serving Partners"). During delivery of such advertisements, our Ad Serving Partners may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser, or place web beacons, JavaScript or similar technologies in our service in order to gather information. Thereafter, the information about your visits to the service, such as search terms or phrases, or the number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address or other personal information), is used to deliver advertising addressed to you, a practice known as "behavioral advertising." Information gathered by our Ad Serving Partners through cookies, web beacons or similar technologies are anonymous, and our ad serving partner is not authorized to collect any personal information about you.

**Three.  How we use the information we collect**

Broadly speaking, we use personal information and anonymous information for purposes of administering our business activities and making other products and services available to visitors and potential visitors. Most of the anonymous information collected is used to operate, develop and improve our products and services. For example, Mediaticks can use your IP address to determine which language to use to provide you with Internet search results or advise to what extent a particular vendor is its location. In addition, information collected from end-users may be used in aggregate form to, among other things, determine the total number of end users who use our service, prepare utilization reports for our partners, diagnose and fix compatibility problems or other problems with our service, and perform statistical analyzes to enable us to build higher quality, more useful online services. We may use Personal Information and Anonymous Information you provide to process account transactions that you request or authorize, to inform you of new or other services we offer, or to help conduct surveys to evaluate and improve our service. The information collected from end-users also allows us to deliver search results pages that are as responsive as possible to the particular search query from an end user of the individual content of the page as the end user is viewing (for example, to show results in the end user's native language and tailored to the country of the end user connectivity). We may use anonymous information collected from you to show ads and promotions tailored to their interests. If you file a request for information on Mediaticks through our website, we may use your email address to send you an e-mail that gives you the opportunity to choose to receive email alerts Mediaticks.com papers on the evolution of the company. Also, if you choose to receive promotional information from Mediaticks.com when Mediaticks.com account is created, we will use the information you have provided to Mediaticks.com during account creation Mediaticks.com only to send promotions will be most relevant to you. We do not collect or providing e-mails, promotions or advertising based on your personal information without your permission.

**April.  When we disclose the information we collect**

As a general rule, we do not share personal information we collect from end-users with third parties. We may disclose personal information if it is required by law, necessary to defend our legal rights or enforce our policies, or if in good faith believe is appropriate to cooperate in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity in which you can be involved (or are reasonably suspected to be involved), even without a subpoena, warrant or court order. This personal information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

We reserve the right to share anonymous information with others. Examples of this include the number of users who searched for "used cars" or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. When users submit a search query in our service, anonymous information such as IP addresses and search terms or phrases, certain partners with whom has subcontracted Mediaticks transmitted to these partners can deliver results that matter search Internet, advertising or other services and, in some cases, for the purpose of reporting internal data of Partners. In addition, some anonymous information to our partners is provided for the purposes of calculating amounts owed to such partners or helping these partners improve their services. Our Partners are obligated by applicable law to protect the privacy of certain types of information law, however, we are not responsible for their actions or omissions, including how they use the information they receive from us.

Also, if in the future we sell or transfer assets or portions of our business, or if we experience a change in control, reorganization or liquidation, we may transfer that information to our successor or buyer, subject to this Privacy Policy.

Note that if you access the service or Mediaticks Web pages from a shared computer or a public computer, such as one in an internet café, certain information about you such as your Mediaticks account may be visible to other people using the computer after of you.

**May.  Accessing, Reviewing AND CHANGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

If you have an account with us Mediaticks, you have the ability to review and update your personal information online by clicking on a link "My Account" (or similar link) in the Service and log into your account Mediaticks. You can also review and update your personal information by contacting us at info@Mediaticks.com. In general, we will not modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely. You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate. Once you've sent a public message, you may not be changed or removed. Upon your request, we will close your account Mediaticks and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on the activity on your account Mediaticks and in accordance with applicable law. We retain personal information from closed accounts Mediaticks to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms and Conditions, and take other actions permitted by law.

**6.  PUBLIC FORUMS; USER COMMENTS**

We may make chat rooms, forums, newsgroups, and other resources available to you through the Service community services. If you have an account with Mediaticks Mediaticks, you can post reviews of businesses to the service, which in turn will the store, and participate in community services. Publications and community service activities are governed by our terms of service. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and the ads can appear on other third party websites or when searches are performed on the subject of publication. Also, whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information in your comments, that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email address in a review, you may receive unsolicited messages. We can not control who reads your review or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily provided the use of the services of the community, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your Personal Information. We may sell your reviews to third parties. The information presented in the areas of community service reflects the views of individual users or hosts and does not necessarily reflect our views or opinions of any of our affiliates.

**7.  DATA SECURITY**

We recognize our responsibility to protect personal information you provide to us. We restrict access to personal information to authorized employees and consultants. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your personal information. While we take precautions against possible breaches in our databases and customer service, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. Consequently, we can not guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. Use of our service and Mediaticks Web pages is at your own risk. We urge you to take steps to protect your personal information when you are on the Internet by changing your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure Internet browser.

**8.  NO LIABILITY FOR THIRD PARTY PRACTICES**

Some of our business partners that provide or enable any functionality in the service may also require that you download software or collect certain information from you, including Personal Information. We are not responsible for the contents of any software downloads or the privacy practices of our Partners. In addition, the websites that you can click to one of our search results may have been developed by third parties over which no control is exercised. Such web sites may send their own cookies to end-users, collect data or solicit personal information from you. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites, we including the use of such web sites of any information collected when our end-users click through to such websites. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain third party, we recommend you contact them directly or visit their individual web sites to learn more about their individual privacy policies.

**9.  REGARDING CHILDREN**

COPPA

We met Protection Act (COPPA) of the Children's Online Privacy. For more information about COPPA and children's privacy, please click here. When we use the term "parent" below, we mean to include legal guardians.

Children under 13 years

Our service is not intended for children under 13. Auditors do not offer memberships or Mediaticks people under 13. If you are under 13, you can not give us any personal information, and you can not create an account Mediaticks, register, register for or participate in any of our services. Unless required by law, we do not collect, maintain, or disclose any personal information from children under 13.

We do not intentionally collect personal information about visitors or end users who are under the age of 13.

Children between the ages of 13 and 18

If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, please be sure to read this Privacy Policy with your parents and get their permission before you give us any of your personal information before using any of our community services and before signing or participate in our services. Do not post your real name on a website or a message board or other community service so that we can offer, and never tell anyone anything private online about you or your family, including your phone number and address. Use screen names at all times. Some of our service areas may have special rules for children under 18. When you're in those areas, you must follow these rules.

Information for Parents

We encourage parents to spend time with their children to become familiar with the types of content available online, including Web pages Mediaticks. Parents should regularly oversee their children do use email and other online communications and transactional features. Control tools are available from online services and software manufacturers that can help provide a safe online environment for children.

We do not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the Service, as a condition of participation. To protect the privacy and safety of children, we will take reasonable steps to verify the identity of the parents before him or her access to the child's personal information concession.

**10.  PROVISIONS FOR ADVERTISERS ONLY**

Any advertiser want to place advertising on our service to provide information such as the name of the owner business, telephone number, physical address, email address, service, web site URL, business description owner will be asked, a contact name, category and / or keyword advertising, and credit card information (collectively, "Advertiser Information"). Some of this information is personally identifiable owner. An advertiser can provide vendor information directly to us online or we may collect such information from an advertiser advertiser through direct or indirect telesales efforts. You agree that we may be recording your phone call to our training or quality control during our delivery of your Advertiser via phone.

Advertiser will be used by Mediaticks to create an account for the advertiser, improve service, communicate changes in service, conduct research, provide anonymous reporting for internal purposes and to inform third parties, and the products and Mediaticks services market and from our partners for advertisers. Some of the Advertiser will be displayed within the ad copy of the advertiser on the Service.

In addition, we may sell or distribute to third parties any information you provide advertiser at our sole discretion. The sale or distribution shall be in accordance with applicable law.Upon sale or distribution of your Advertiser, Mediaticks expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability as a result of the actions or omissions of third parties with respect to the Advertiser. We urge you to contact third parties directly with any concerns you may have regarding your use of the Advertiser. Termination of services Advertise with Mediaticks or our partners will not result in our removing your Advertiser and will necessarily disrupt the use, sale or distribution of the Advertiser after its termination, except as required by law. 
