> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mediaradar.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606031944id_/http%3A//www.mediaradar.com/Home/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Contacting us via e-mail or registering for mediaradar.com reveals your e-mail address and any other information you include such as phone number and/or mailing address. We will use this information to help us process your registration, fulfill your request or respond to your inquiry. All of your personal information will be stored in a secure database in the United States of America. Access to this database is limited to authorized persons.

In addition, mediaradar.com may store a unique identification number, the username, and login status in a "cookie" on each visitor's computer. The identification number is retained and utilized to track usage of the web site in order to provide you with products or services you may be interested in, while the username and login status are only used for display purposes and site functionality during the current web session.

In order to change these cookie preferences, you must change your browser's preferences to disable cookies or delete cookies. Please note that disabling cookies for some services may affect the ability to use that service. Security information is specific to each browser and operating system. Please check with your browser's specific company for more information. Some examples of how to change your browser's preferences are as follows: In Internet Explorer (versions 6 and up), this option is listed under Tools > Internet Options > Privacy. The setting has to be set to Block All Cookies; In Netscape (versions 7 and up), this option is listed under Edit > Preferences > Privacy & Security > Cookies. The Disable Cookies button should be checked.

Additionally, we work with FetchBack to display Retargeted ads to our site prospects, on our behalf, across the Internet. They collect Non-Personally-Identifiable Information about your visits to our Website, and your interaction with our products and services. The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. No Personally Identifiable Information is collected during this process. To read FetchBack's Privacy Policy, [click here](http://www.fetchback.com/privacy.html). If you do not want FetchBack to collect this information, you may opt out of their service. Opting out will not in any way affect your use of our site. To opt out of FetchBack Retargeting, please [click here](http://www.fetchback.com/optout.html).

If at any time you would like your name removed, simply send a written request to [privacy@mediaradar.com](mailto:privacy@mediaradar.com) or to Privacy Official, MediaRadar, 252 W 37th Street, Suite 1001, New York, NY 10018.

You can also send a written request to [privacy@mediaradar.com](mailto:privacy@mediaradar.com) if you would like to confirm the accuracy of the information we have collected from you, or if you have questions about the uses of this information.
