> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mediatab.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190607104432id_/http%3A//www.mediatab.tv/legal/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**This is the privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") set forth MediaTab Way Ltd ("MediaTab", "we", "our" or "us"), use of information we collect, receive and store via our Licensed Properties (as defined in our Terms of End User License Agreement).**

**1.** **Introduction**. We have implemented this Privacy Policy because your privacy, and the privacy of other users, is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your Personal Information (as defined below), is collected and used in connection with the Licensed Properties. "Personal Information" means any information that may be used, either alone or in combination with other information, to personally identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a personal profile, an email address, a home or other physical address, or other contact information.

**2.** **Terms of Use and EULA**. This Privacy Policy forms part of the End User License Agreement which can be viewed from within the Licensed Properties (“EULA”). Any capitalized but undefined term in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given to in the EULA.

**3.** **Consent and Modification**. By using the Licensed Properties, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and to our collection, processing and sharing of Personal Information for the purposes set forth herein. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access or otherwise use the Licensed Properties. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Such change will be effective only following posting of the revised Privacy Policy, and your continued use of the Licensed Properties thereafter means that you accept those changes.

**4.** **What Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It**. We do not currently require you to provide Personal Information in order to have access to general information available on the Site. But, we do receive and/or collect Personal Information from you in one or more of the following ways:

**4.1.** 'Contact Us' Information If you send us a "Contact Us" request, whether by submitting an online form that we make available or by sending an email to an email address that we display, you may be required to provide us with certain information such as your name and email address.

**4.2.** Location Data. We may provide certain location-based services ("Location Services") in connection with the Licensed Properties that are dependent on data related to the geographic location of your PC or mobile device on which the Licensed Properties is installed ("Location Data"). If you choose to participate in these Location Services, you agree that we may collect or obtain your Location Data. You should be able to use the settings on your mobile device to turn off location-sharing features.

**4.3.** **Profile**. Some parts of the Licensed Properties may enable you to build a public profile in connection with your Account (" **Public Profile** "). Your Public Profile will include among other things and without limitation your name, your mobile device information and identification, and other information that you choose to include in your Public Profile, such as your contact information.

**4.4.** **Log Files**. We may make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked pages and any other information your browser may send to us. We may use such information to analyze trends, administer our services, track user's movement around the services, and gather demographic information.

**4.5.** **Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies**. The Licensed Properties may utilize "cookies", anonymous identifiers and other tracking technologies in order to for us to provide our Licensed Properties and present you with information that is customized for you. A "cookie" is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about activity on the Licensed Properties. Certain cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information, such as an IP address, previously indicated by a user. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser.

**4.6.** **Mobile Device Data**. We may collect limited information from your mobile device in order to provide the Licensed Properties. Such information may include your mobile device type, mobile device ID, and date and time stamps of App use. In addition, we may deploy tracking technologies within the Licensed Properties to help us gather aggregate statistics, but we will not use Personal Information for such purposes.

**5.** **Publicly Available Information**. Your Public Profile and any publicly available content that you post on or via the Licensed Properties (“ **User Submissions** ”) may be publicly available to other users of the Licensed Properties, and may also be accessed and used by people off the Licensed Properties. The notices and tools that we provide on the Licensed Properties should help inform you which information will be made publicly available. If you publish your contact information in any User Submissions or as part of your Public Profile, you may receive unsolicited messages from other users of the Licensed Properties or the public. We therefore encourage you to only post information that you are sure you want to be accessible to anyone.

**6.** **The Way We Use Personal Information**. If you submit or we collect Personal Information through the Licensed Properties, then we may use such Personal Information in the following ways:

**6.1.** We will use your Personal Information to provide and improve our services, to contact you in connection with the Licensed Properties and certain programs or offerings that you may have registered for, and to identify and authenticate your access to the parts of the Licensed Properties that you are authorized to access. 

**6.2.** We may use your designated email address to: (i) send you updates or news regarding the Licensed Properties and the Products; and/or (ii) respond to a "Contact Us" or administrative request (for example, need to change your password).

**6.3.** If you choose to send your friend an invitation email or message we will use the contact information that you provide, or make available, to automatically send your friend an invitation email or message. Your name and email address may be included in the invitation email or message. 

**6.4.** We may transfer your Personal Information to our subsidiaries or affiliated companies for the purpose of storing or processing such information on our behalf. Such information may be transferred to other countries around the world. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy. 

**6.5.** We may share your Personal Information with our third party service providers and partners, but only to assist us with our business operations and to provide our services and the Licensed Properties. Such information may be transferred to other countries around the world. We use commercially reasonable efforts to only engage or interact with third party service providers and partners that post a privacy policy governing their processing of Personal Information.

**6.6.** We may disclose your Personal Information or any information you submitted via the Licensed Properties if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our EULA, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues; or (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of MediaTab, our users, yourself or the public.

**7.** **Use of Anonymous Information**. We may use Anonymous Information (as defined below) or disclose it to third party service providers in order to improve our Licensed Properties or services and enhance your experience with the foregoing. We may also disclose Anonymous Information (with or without compensation) to third parties, including advertisers and partners. " **Anonymous Information** " means information which does not enable identification of an individual user, such as aggregated information about the use of our Licensed Properties.

**8.** **Opting Out**. You may choose not to receive future promotional, advertising, or other services-related emails from us by selecting an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email that we send. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving the foregoing emails, we may still send you a response to any "Contact Us" request as well as administrative emails (for example, in connection with a password reset request) that are necessary to facilitate your use of the Licensed Properties.

**9.** **Choice**. At all times, you may choose whether or not to provide or disclose Personal Information. If you choose not to provide mandatory Personal Information, you may still visit parts of the Licensed Properties, but you may be unable to access certain options, programs, offers, and services that involve our interaction with you.

**10.** **Access/Accuracy**. To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information, we wish to maintain accurate Personal Information. If you would like to delete or correct any of your Personal Information that we may be storing, you may use the tools that we make available on the Licensed Properties, or you may submit an access request by sending an email to support@mediatab.tv. Your email should include adequate details of your request. 

**11.** **Links to and Interaction with Third Party Products**. The Licensed Properties may enable you to interact with or contain links to Third Party Account and other third party websites, mobile software applications and services that are not owned or controlled by us (each a “ **Third Party Service** ”). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Third Party Services. Please be aware that the Third Party Services may collect Personal Information from you. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Service that you choose to use or interact with.

**12.** **Children's Privacy**. The Licensed Properties are not structured to attract children under the age of 13 years. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect Personal Information from anyone we know to be under 13 years. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under 13 years, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any such information, please contact us at: [support@mediatab.tv.](mailto:support@mediatab.tv)

**13.** **Security**. The security of Personal Information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards, including the use of appropriate administrative, physical and technical safeguards, to protect the Personal Information submitted to us. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security or confidentiality. If you have any questions about security on the Service, you can contact us at: [support@mediatab.tv.](mailto:support@mediatab.tv)

**14.** **Merger, Sale or Bankruptcy**. In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, or in the event of bankruptcy or a comparable event, we reserve the right to transfer or assign Personal Information in connection with the foregoing events.

**15**. **Commitment**. We are committed to protecting your privacy. Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and we are constantly evolving our Licensed Properties to meet these demands. If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, or your Personal Information that we may be storing and using, please contact us at: [support@mediatab.tv](mailto:support@mediatab.tv).

**Last updated: February 19, 2018**
