> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mediawhiz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606045102id_/http%3A//www.mediawhiz.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MediaWhiz | Privacy Policy - MediaWhiz

### What Information We Collect and How We Use It

We collect Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) from the Website when you request to be contacted by MediaWhiz, attempt to contact MediaWhiz, sign up for the Newsletter or otherwise choose to provide PII to us. PII is any information that can be used to identify or locate a particular person or entity. This includes, but is not limited to: personal name, company name, personal address, company address, telephone number, mobile number and/or email address. For example, you may choose to send us PII about yourself in an email or by completing an online form on our Website. We use your PII to send you the Newsletter which contains information regarding MediaWhiz and our various products and services that may be of interest to you. Your contact information may also be used to reach you, when necessary, regarding issues concerning your use of the Website and the Newsletter. Once collected, we will store your PII for a reasonable period of time for record keeping purposes. The information that we store is sometimes deleted as space requires or in the normal course of business.

As a general rule and other than the limited exceptions set forth below, MediaWhiz will not sell, share or rent your PII to or with others. Your PII is not shared with any third parties, except: (a) where required by law, or requested by a court of competent jurisdiction; (b) in the event of MediaWhiz bankruptcy, or if MediaWhiz is sold or acquired; (c) where you are in violation of this Privacy Policy or the Website’s Terms and Conditions; or (d) where MediaWhiz determines, in its sole discretion, that such disclosure is necessary to protect the rights of MediaWhiz and/or a third party, or necessary to protect MediaWhiz from liability of any kind.

We may collect certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“Non-PII”) about you when you visit many of the Website’s pages, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows ‘98 or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Earthlink, TimeWarner, etc.).

We use the Non-PII that we collect to improve the design and content of the Website and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze Website usage.

To enhance your experience with the Website, we use “cookies.” Cookies are used by your computer’s browser to store your preferences. We use both session and persistent cookies. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information.

We use cookies to understand Website usage and to improve the content and offerings on the Website. You can disable cookies through your Internet browser. If you set your browser not to accept cookies, you will still be able to use the Website. To find out more about cookies, please visit [www.cookiecentral.com](http://www.cookiecentral.com/).

The use of technology on the Internet, including cookies, is rapidly developing. As a result, MediaWhiz strongly encourages individuals to revisit this Privacy Policy for any updates regarding its use of new technology.

The Website contains links to other websites for MediaWhiz owned properties whose information practices may be different than the Website. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of information by these websites. Visitors should consult the privacy notices of these other websites.

In addition, the Website may contain links to other third-party websites (“Third Party Websites”). Please be aware that MediaWhiz is not responsible for the privacy practices of Third Party Websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Website and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects PII. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Website.

We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children. MediaWhiz will never knowingly collect any personal information about children under the age of eighteen (18) years old. If MediaWhiz obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personal information about a child under the age of eighteen (18) years old, that information will be immediately deleted from its database. Because it does not collect such information, MediaWhiz has no such information to use or to disclose to third parties. MediaWhiz has designed this policy in order to comply with the Children’s Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).

All collected information is stored in a technically and physically secure environment. We take precautions to protect PII both online and off-line. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your PII, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems. All of our users’ information, not just PII, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to PII. Furthermore, access to this information is strictly limited, and not accessible to the public. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all user information. Employees not adhering to our firm policies are subject to disciplinary action.

Please note that any attempt to breach the security of the network, our servers, databases or other hardware or software supporting the Website or other websites under the control of MediaWhiz constitutes a crime punishable by law. We will turn over to authorities, any and all evidence relating to a potential breach of security or other abuse against the network, servers, databases or other such supporting equipment or software. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we shall notify you in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your PII. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.

If you would like to delete or update the PII that we have collected from you, or if no longer wish to continue to receive the Newsletter, simply send your request via certified mail to 75 Broad Street, 23rd Floor, New York, NY 10004. You may also send your request via e-mail to [termsconditions@mediawhiz.com](mailto:termsconditions@mediawhiz.com).

We will process your request, where possible and subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, within a reasonable period of time after receipt. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.

You may at any time choose to stop receiving the Newsletter by unsubscribing via the link at the end of each Newsletter, or by contacting us at [termsconditions@mediawhiz.com](mailto:termsconditions@mediawhiz.com). Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continue to contact you for the purpose of communicating information relating to MediaWhiz, as well as to facilitate, complete, or confirm any transaction that you may enter into or responding to your inquiry or request.

MediaWhiz reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a clear and conspicuous notice on the Website explaining that we are changing our Privacy Policy. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Website. Please check the Website periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Website and/or acceptance of our e-mail communications following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any and all changes.

If you have any questions regarding the Agreement, or would like more information from us, please contact us at [termsconditions@mediawhiz.com](mailto:termsconditions@mediawhiz.com).
