> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the medicexchange.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140401080116id_/http%3A//www.medicexchange.com/page/privacy-policy-2.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Medicexchange collects and, in some cases, discloses information about you as part of the normal operation of our site. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect about you and what may happen to that information. As described below, some information we collect from you is disclosed to third parties and used by us and third parties. When you use the medicexchange.com ("Medicexchange") site, you expressly consent to such use and disclosure of your information.

Medicexchange may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended policy on the Medicexchange site, and such amendments will become effective upon posting.

If you have any questions about this policy, we can be contacted as follows:   
By email at [](mailto:support@Medicexchange.com)[support@Medicexchange.com](mailto:support@Medicexchange.com).   
By mail at Medicexchange, 221 West 17th Street, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10011, USA   
Attention: Privacy Policy

### Information About You

Our site's registration, request information and shopping cart forms require you to provide personal information (including without limitation name, billing address, shipping address, email address and occupation). We will also collect transaction information (including without limitation prices, item descriptions, shipping destinations and other transaction-related information) about the listings and transactions you conduct through our site. Without your permission, we do not intend to sell or rent any of your personally identifiable information to third parties. When you request information, purchase products or services, or enter into transactions with other users or third parties through our site, these parties may be provided with your personally identifiable information and transaction information in connection with such activities and transactions.

We do presently aggregate personally identifiable information and knowingly disclose such information in aggregate for a number of business purposes, but in these situations we do not, in the normal course, disclose to other entities any information that could be used to personally identify you.

We use this information in the normal operation of the site and we may disclose this information on an aggregated [basis](http://www.medicexchange.com/product/basis.html).

We automatically track certain technical information about your use of our site. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser you are using, and your IP address.

We may also use cookies on our site. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your computer hard drive, not on our site. Among other things, cookies can permit you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests so that we may focus our resources on features that are the most popular.

If you send us correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your use of our services, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. We use information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past use of the service, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our user agreement.

Your email address and personalized content If your registration form indicates that you want to receive email updates about Medicexchange, as part of our service we may send to you periodic emails and newsletters containing information about us, updates on new product and service features, product and service usage tips, information about third party services that are likely to be of interest to our customers, and customer satisfaction questions.

If you do not want us to send you periodic emails, you should make sure that the applicable box on the registration form is not checked when you submit it. In addition, at any time you can opt-out of these services by editing your account details through the 'My Account' link (located in the top right corner of any page) and unticking the check-box. Alternatively, you an send an email with "UNLIST" in the subject line to [](mailto:support@Medicexchange.com)[support@Medicexchange.com](mailto:support@Medicexchange.com).  


In addition to the periodic emails described above, we may use your email address to send you administrative notices about your account (such as notices about pending activities).

Our site may make electronic storefronts, chat rooms, forums, message boards and/or newsgroups available to you. You should bear in mind that any information disclosed in these areas is public information and may be disclosed to and used by third parties

### Nondisclosure Can't Be Guaranteed

Unfortunately (and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this policy), due to the existing regulatory and technical environment, we cannot guarantee that all of your communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to, or deem appropriate to, disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access your transmissions or communications. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. Therefore, although we attempt to use standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or communications will remain private.

### Security

We currently use standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information, such as firewalls and SSL technology. These are the same technologies that many websites use to safeguard credit card information and other personal information. However, that said, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet (or anywhere, for that matter.) Under no circumstances will we have any responsibility or liability of any kind for any breaches of this Privacy Policy.

Our site's registration, request information and shopping cart forms require you to provide personal information (including without limitation name, billing address, shipping address, email address and occupation). We will also collect transaction information (including without limitation prices, item descriptions, shipping destinations and other transaction-related information) about the listings and transactions you conduct through our site. Without your permission, we do not intend to sell or rent any of your personally identifiable information to third parties. When you request information, purchase products or services, or enter into transactions with other users or third parties through our site, these parties may be provided with your personally identifiable information and transaction information in connection with such activities and transactions. We do presently aggregate personally identifiable information and knowingly disclose such information in aggregate for a number of business purposes, but in these situations we do not, in the normal course, disclose to other entities any information that could be used to personally identify you. We use this information in the normal operation of the site and we may disclose this information on an aggregated [basis](http://www.medicexchange.com/product/basis.html). We automatically track certain technical information about your use of our site. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser you are using, and your IP address. We may also use cookies on our site. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your computer hard drive, not on our site. Among other things, cookies can permit you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests so that we may focus our resources on features that are the most popular. If you send us correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your use of our services, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. We use information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past use of the service, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our user agreement. Your email address and personalized content If your registration form indicates that you want to receive email updates about Medicexchange, as part of our service we may send to you periodic emails and newsletters containing information about us, updates on new product and service features, product and service usage tips, information about third party services that are likely to be of interest to our customers, and customer satisfaction questions. If you do not want us to send you periodic emails, you should make sure that the applicable box on the registration form is not checked when you submit it. In addition, at any time you can opt-out of these services by editing your account details through the 'My Account' link (located in the top right corner of any page) and unticking the check-box. Alternatively, you an send an email with "UNLIST" in the subject line to [](mailto:support@Medicexchange.com)[support@Medicexchange.com](mailto:support@Medicexchange.com). In addition to the periodic emails described above, we may use your email address to send you administrative notices about your account (such as notices about pending activities). Our site may make electronic storefronts, chat rooms, forums, message boards and/or newsgroups available to you. You should bear in mind that any information disclosed in these areas is public information and may be disclosed to and used by third parties.

Unfortunately (and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this policy), due to the existing regulatory and technical environment, we cannot guarantee that all of your communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to, or deem appropriate to, disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access your transmissions or communications. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. Therefore, although we attempt to use standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or communications will remain private.

We currently use standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information, such as firewalls and SSL technology. These are the same technologies that many websites use to safeguard credit card information and other personal information. However, that said, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet (or anywhere, for that matter.) Under no circumstances will we have any responsibility or liability of any kind for any breaches of this Privacy Policy.
