> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the medscape.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181226103239id_/https%3A//www.medscape.com/public/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Medscape Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy applies to the websites and mobile applications owned and operated by WebMD LLC ("WebMD") and Medscape, LLC ("Medscape") that are intended for use by healthcare professionals, including medscape.com, medscape.org, Medscape Mobile, Medscape MedPulse and Medscape CME & Education. We refer to these websites (the “Sites”) and mobile applications (the “Apps”) collectively as the "Medscape Network," and along with the information and services made available to users of the Medscape Network, including but not limited to medical news, reference content, clinical tools, applications, sponsored programs, advertising, email communications, continuing medical education, market research opportunities and discussion forums, the “Services.” References to “we” or “us” mean WebMD and Medscape, including any company they control.

We provide the Services as a professional resource intended to support healthcare professionals in their efforts to provide high quality medical care to patients. You can choose whether or not you want to register as a Medscape Network member and use the Services. If you do choose to use the Services, you must agree to the [Medscape Terms of Use](https://www.medscape.com/public/termsofuse) which is the contract between us and users of the Services. By accepting the Medscape [Terms of Use](https://www.medscape.com/public/termsofuse), you confirm that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy. If you do not want us to collect, use or share information about you and your use of the Services as described in this Privacy Policy, then you should not use the Services. By using the Services, you acknowledge that we will store, use and otherwise process your information in the United States where we are located. Except as otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy, WebMD LLC is the data controller responsible for the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

#### Information Collected

Information about your use of the Services is collected as follows:

  * **Registration**. When you register as a member of the Medscape Network, you must provide certain personal information such as your name, email address, zip/postal code, profession, occupation, specialty and depending on your country of practice, your medical license number or equivalent. You may choose to update or supplement the personal information that you provided at registration at any time through your account settings.

  * **Services Information**. We automatically collect and store information about your use of the Services, such as your engagement with particular content including editorial, advertisements, sponsored informational programs from our advertisers, which may include pharmaceutical companies ("Sponsored Programs"), whether you opened a particular email, clicked on a link, your search queries and how often and when you engage with the Services. We also collect information about your device when you access the Services including IP address, browser information (including referring URL), cookie information and advertising ID (which is a unique, user-resettable identification number for advertising associated with a mobile device), all of which may be associated with information we have about your use of the Services. We use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as pixels, tags, web beacons and software development kits, to collect the information about your use of the Services and your device. If you are a member of the Medscape Network, we may elect to associate this information with your registration information. For more information about the use of cookies and other tracking technologies within the Medscape Network, see our [Cookie Policy](https://web.archive.org/public/cookies).

  * **Market Research** : You may participate in market research surveys conducted by us or on our behalf for our own internal business purposes and also market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of third party sponsors ("Sponsored Surveys"), where in this context "sponsor" means the third party that commissioned the survey. For some surveys, you may be asked to provide personal information for re-contact or payment fulfillment purposes.

  * **Public Forums** : When you post a comment on a discussion board or other public forum, by default your username, specialty and degree will be displayed within the forum along with your comment. You may choose to display additional information in your public forum profile, including a photo, by adjusting your discussion profile settings. Information that you post within a public forum is public information and may be used by us and third parties, as further described in the Medscape [Terms of Use](https://www.medscape.com/public/termsofuse).

  * **Information Forms** : From time to time we may offer you the opportunity to receive additional information or services from us or from third parties, including our advertisers (e.g., sample request, sales rep visit, direct marketing lists, etc.). If you wish to receive such information or services, you may be asked to provide personal information to fulfill the request. Unless otherwise specified in the request form, we may use such information as described in this Privacy Policy and the third party, if applicable, will use such personal information as described at the point of collection.

  * **Information from Third Party Sources**. We may receive additional information about you from third party sources to assist us in providing the Services. For example, we may use third party information to verify and update your registration information, for research purposes or to personalize the Services, including advertising. 

  * **Non-registered Users**. You must register with the Medscape Network to access all of the Services, however, you may be able to access certain limited Services without registering. Even if you have not registered, we collect information about your use of the Services through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies. The information we collect includes the referring website, if applicable, the type of browser you use, the material viewed, and the time and date that you accessed the Services.




#### How Your Information May be Used

Information about you may be used for the following purposes:

  * **Provision of the Services**. We may use the information collected about you to provide and improve the Services and to conduct research supporting the development of new Services. 

  * **Email Communications**. By registering as a member of the Medscape Network, you agree to our use of your registration information and other information that we collect about you to send you email communications, including advertisements and other promotional materials from third party sponsors, including pharmaceutical companies.

  * **Personalize the Services Including Advertising**. We may personalize the Services, including the advertising you see within the Medscape Network, on third party websites and in our email communications, based on your registration information, information collected about your use of the Services and information we receive from third party sources as described above. For example, a user who WebMD believes is a cardiologist or who has browsed cardiology content with the Medscape Network may be served an advertisement promoting a particular cardiac product within the Medscape Network, on third party websites and/or within an email that a user who WebMD believes is a neurologist or has not browsed cardiology content will not see. We partner with third parties to manage and conduct our advertising activities including advertising on third party websites. These third parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies to deliver this advertising based on your activities and interests as inferred from your use of the Services and other information they have about you. Also, advertisers may use their own cookies and other tracking technologies in the advertisements served to you through the Services, some of which may enable the advertiser to obtain personal information that can be used to specifically identify you, including the fact that you saw the advertisement, to the extent that you have separately provided consent to the advertiser or to the third party providing the tracking technology. Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their advertisements on their behalf and to monitor users' responses to these advertisements through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies. While WebMD generally permits the use of third party tracking technologies based on an understanding that they comply with the WebMD Advertising Policy, we do not have control over these third parties' use of cookies and other tracking technologies or how they manage the information they gather through them and WebMD may be unable to verify compliance with the WebMD Advertising Policy.

  * **Member Profiles**. We may associate information that we have collected about your use of the Services with personal information you have provided to us, thereby creating a profile of you that we may update from time to time ("Member Profile"), as further described below.

  * **Verification Purposes**. We may use your information in conjunction with information from third parties to verify your identity and/or professional credentials. We may require you to provide proof that you are a healthcare professional and if you are unable to do so to our reasonable satisfaction, we reserve the right to deny you participation in the Services or any component thereof. While we take steps to verify that our members who identify as healthcare professionals are actually healthcare professionals, we make no guarantee as to their identity, professional credentials or licensure status.

  * **Account Management**. We may use your information to administer your account, respond to your inquiries, fulfill your requests and send you administrative communications about the Services.

  * **Investigations**. We may use your information to detect, investigate and defend against fraudulent or unlawful activity and violations of the Medscape Terms of Use.




#### Sharing Your Information with Third Parties

Information about your use of the Services may be shared as follows:

  * **Contractors Who Work for Us** : We work with third party contractors to help us provide the Services and to otherwise assist us in the operation of the Medscape Network, including in the areas of email management and deployment, analytics, marketing, advertising, market research, sweepstakes and contest administration, professional credential validation, customer service and payment fulfillment services. We may provide these contractors with personal information about users of our Services so that they can fulfill their responsibilities to us, however, we do require that they agree to limit their use of this personal information to the fulfillment of these responsibilities.

  * **Advertising and Sponsored Programs** : We may provide your personal information to third party sponsors of advertisements and Sponsored Programs, subject to applicable law. Specifically, when you are exposed to an advertisement through the Services, whether on a Site, in an App, in an email or through some other means, or when you engage in a Sponsored Program, e.g., access a sponsored information resource or open a sponsored email from WebMD Professional, WebMD may provide your personal information, such as your name and specialty, but not your contact information such as email address and postal address, to the applicable sponsor and/or its agents on the sponsor's behalf. We may also provide such third parties with details about your engagement with the advertisement or Sponsored Program (e.g., whether you viewed or otherwise interacted with certain content), your answers to any questions contained in the Sponsored Program and information about you that we have received from third parties. Additionally, when you register as a member of the Medscape Network, we may provide your personal information, excluding contact information, to potential sponsors of advertisements and Sponsored Programs that may be offered or provided to you through the Services, subject to applicable law. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, we are not responsible for how these third parties use your information. All advertisements and Sponsored Programs (including any links to Sponsored Programs) made available within the Medscape Network, including through emails, will be identified to you by the label Advertisement, Information from Industry, Sponsored, WebMD Professional or some similar designation indicating that the content, which may pertaining to a particular medical condition, therapy, product or service, has been selected by a third-party sponsor.

  * **Member Profiles**. WebMD may provide Member Profiles, and portions thereof, (excluding contact information and information about your participation in specific named CME and CE activities) to third parties, including our advertising customers, subject to applicable law, which these third parties may use for their business purposes including marketing. 

  * **Market Research Surveys** : If you receive remuneration for participating in a Sponsored Survey, we may be required to provide the sponsor (or the market research company acting on its behalf) with your personal information for the sponsor's recordkeeping and/or regulatory reporting purposes. If you chose to access a Sponsored Survey that is conducted by a third party market research company, we may identify you to this company through the survey link. Sometimes market research companies send us lists of individuals they wish to reach with particular Sponsored Surveys, and we may inform these companies which of these individuals are members of the Medscape Network so that they can manage their survey recruitment needs accordingly. Also, certain market research survey opportunities made available to you through the Services require the market research company to contact you directly to conduct the Sponsored Survey. We will inform you in the associated survey invitation that we intend to provide your contact information to the market research company that is conducting the Sponsored Survey so that you can decide at such time if you wish to proceed with the opportunity. We do not disclose your Sponsored Survey responses to the associated sponsor in a manner that identifies you.

  * **Continuing Medical Education** : Medscape is accredited by the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education (ACCME), the American Nurses Credentialing Center and the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education to provide continuing education to physicians, nurses and pharmacists, respectively (collectively, "CME/CE"), which CME/CE activities are hosted by Medscape on Medscape Education (medscape.org). As an accredited entity, Medscape is required to periodically submit personal information about CME/CE participants and the CME/CE activities that Medscape certifies, as requested by the applicable accrediting entity. Medscape and WebMD Global LLC ("WebMD Global"), an affiliated company that also provides continuing medical education activities through Medscape Education, may provide your personal information to other accredited providers who certify CME/CE offered through the Services as required by these other providers to process the credits that that you earn by completing the applicable CME/CE activity, to fulfill their reporting obligations to the ACCME and other accrediting bodies and as required for their internal recordkeeping purposes. Supporters of Medscape and WebMD Global's CME/CE activities will receive only aggregated data about the CME/CE activities that they support including participation and outcomes measurement reports. 

  * **Logging in to Another Website Using Your Medscape Credentials** : Certain third party websites permit you to log in using your Medscape Network username and password. If you choose to log in to one of these websites using your Medscape Network log in credentials, we may give this website information included in your registration profile including personal information such as your name, specialty, occupation and email address, (but not your Medscape username and password), which the operator of the website has agreed to use in accordance with its website's privacy policy. You should review the third party website's privacy policy before logging in. If the privacy policy of the third party site permits, we may receive information about your use of this third party site, which we may use in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

  * **Adverse Event Reporting**. If you provide us information about an adverse event regarding a pharmaceutical product, we may be required to report such information along with your contact information to the manufacturer as required for the manufacturer to fulfill its reporting obligations to the applicable regulatory authority. If you do not want this information reported to the applicable manufacturer and regulatory authority, then do not provide us with adverse event information.

  * **Consent** : We may disclose your personal information to a third party in a manner not addressed by this Privacy Policy subject to your consent at such time.

  * **Aggregated Information**. We may provide aggregated information about users of our Services to third parties as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion. For example, WebMD may tell a customer what percentage of registered users of the Medscape Network reside in a particular geographical area or specialize in a particular clinical area, or what percentage of participants in a market research survey selected a particular response to a survey question. 

  * **Social Widgets** : We may include social widgets within the Sites and Apps which enable you to interact with the associated social media services, e.g., to share an article. These widgets may collect browsing data which may be received by the third party that provided the widget, and are controlled by these third parties. You may be able to manage your privacy preferences directly with the applicable social network platform.

  * **Business Transfers** : We may share your information among the respective websites that we own and with our subsidiaries, affiliates and companies acquired by or merged with us and our affiliates. In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, we reserve the right to transfer your personal information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets. In the event of such a change, your personal information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as may be modified as described below.

  * **Legal Requirements** : We may release personal information when we believe release (i) is required to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order and to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; or (ii) is reasonable in response to a physical threat to you or others, to protect property or defend or assert legal rights of us or others. 




#### Security of Information

We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect the personal information that we have under our control from unauthorized access, use and disclosure and accidental loss. When you enter personal information, we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections (Secure Socket Layer) technology. You are solely responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your account username and password. Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

#### Choice and Control

  * **Account Information**. You may update your registration information at any time through the Account Management feature available on each of the Sites and Apps. You may also contact Customer Support at [MedscapeCustomerSupport@webmd.net](mailto:MedscapeCustomerSupport@webmd.net) and request that your registration information be updated or deleted. Note that if we delete your account, we may maintain certain de-identified information about you for internal business purposes including research, analytics and reporting.

  * **Cookies**. Most browser software can be set to reject all cookies, including third party cookies, however, if you choose to reject our cookies, your ability to access and use the Services will be limited. Refer to our [Cookie Policy](https://web.archive.org/public/cookies) for additional information about opting out of cookies.

  * **Interest-Based Ads**. You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on the Sites by rejecting cookies as described above and through [preferences manager](https://preferences-mgr.truste.com/) or, if you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), you may also opt-out [here](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/). Please note that even if you reject cookies and opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will continue to receive generic advertisements through the Services. Note that the Sites do not respond to web browser “do not track” signals. You can learn more about managing your preferences for ads online, particularly for many third-party advertising networks, through resources made available by the Digital Advertising Alliance at [https://www.aboutads.info](https://www.aboutads.info/) or the Network Advertising Initiative at [https://optout.networkadvertising.org](https://optout.networkadvertising.org/). Note that if you delete cookies, use a different device, or change web browsers, you may need to opt out again.

  * **Mobile Opt-out**. You may control interest-based advertising on your mobile device by enabling the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting in your iOS device’s settings or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” in your Android device’s settings. This will not prevent you from seeing advertisements, but will limit the use of device advertising identifiers to personalize ads based on your interests. You also may disable the transmission of precise location information through your device settings.

  * **Email Communications**. If you no longer wish to receive a particular type of email communication from us, you may unsubscribe by clicking the "unsubscribe" link located at the bottom of the email and following the instructions. Also, you may manage your newsletter subscriptions within the newsletter subscriptions area within your account settings. Note that certain email communications that we send to members are service-related and as long as you are a member of the Medscape Network, you may not unsubscribe from such emails. Also, if you have provided us more than one email address, we may continue to contact you using the other email address not associated with the emails from which you have unsubscribed, until you unsubscribe from emails sent to that other address.

  * **Push Notifications**. We may send you push notifications from time-to-time to notify you of upcoming events or promotions we think may be relevant to you. If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications, you may turn them off at the device level. 

  * **California Residents**. Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of your personal information with third parties. If you reside in California and have provided your personal information to us, you may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. You can submit such request by sending an email to MedscapePrivacy@webmd.net or by writing to the WebMD Office of Privacy at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.




#### Note to Users Outside of the United States

WebMD and Medscape are located in the United States, as is the Medscape Network’s technical infrastructure. In order to provide the Services to you, we must transfer your personal information to the United States where it will be stored and processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may transfer your information outside the United States to service providers with operations in other countries. By using the Services, you consent to such collection, storage and processing in the United States and elsewhere, though the United States and other jurisdictions may not afford the same level of data protection as considered adequate in your own country. We will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information. Note that your personal information may be available to the United States government or its agencies under legal process made in the United States.

#### EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield

WebMD participates in and has certified compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework with respect to its operation of the Medscape Network. WebMD is committed to subjecting all personal information received from EU member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Frameworks’ applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and to view WebMD’s certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s [Privacy Shield List](https://www.privacyshield.gov/list). 

WebMD is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. WebMD complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions. With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, WebMD is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at <https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request>. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the [Privacy Shield website](https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint), you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. 

For more information relevant to Medscape Network users in the EEA, click [here](https://web.archive.org/public/eu-users). 

#### Children's Privacy

The Medscape Network and the Services are designed and intended for use by adults, and are not intended for nor designed to be used by children under the age of 18. We do not collect personal information from any person we know is under the age of 18.

#### Privacy Policy Changes

We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be effective upon posting of the modified Privacy Policy unless we advise otherwise. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you by email (sent to the email address included in your account profile) and/or by means of a notice on the Sites before the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for the latest information on our privacy practices. By continuing to use the Services after changes are made to this Privacy Policy, you agree to such changes.

#### Contacting Us

If you have general questions about your account or the Services, contact Customer Support at [MedscapeCustomerSupport@webmd.net](mailto:MedscapeCustomerSupport@webmd.net). For questions about this Privacy Policy or how your personal information may be used when you use the Services, please contact our Privacy Office by email at [MedscapePrivacy@webmd.net](mailto:MedscapePrivacy@webmd.net) or at the following address:

WebMD  
Office of Privacy  
1201 Peachtree Street, NE  
400 Colony Square, Suite 2100  
Atlanta, GA 30361  
Phone: 866-788-3097

Medscape’s users from the EEA may contact our Data Protection Officer, Lynn Walsh, at DPO@webmd.net.

Please note that if you contact us to assist you, we may need to authenticate your identity before fulfilling your request.

**Effective date** : June 8, 2018
