> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the avactis.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150527025646id_/http%3A//www.avactis.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Avactis Shopping Cart

Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd ("Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd") respects your privacy. We describe our privacy practices in this Privacy Policy so that you understand what Personal Information we collect about you and your company, and how we use such information.

**Personal Information**  
"Personal Information" as used in the Privacy Policy refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains. This includes information that is linked with personally identifiable information from other sources, or from which other personally identifiable information can easily be derived. Personal Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (i.e., without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.

**What Personal Information does Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd collect and how?**  
When you register on our Web Site, we will ask you for certain Personal Information such as, for example, your name, company name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address. We may also ask you to complete a questionnaire about your company and provide information such as type of company, size of company, and information related to your potential interest in Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd and our products.  
If you send Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd correspondence through e-mail, in the course of technical support, or through any other means, or if other users or third parties such as businesses send us information about your activities in connection with your use of our Web Site, Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd may retain that information subject to this Privacy Policy.  
Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd may use cookies, or functionally equivalent technology, to collect certain information about you based upon your behavior while visiting our Web Site. This information may include the Uniform Resource Locater (URL) that you just came from (whether this URL is on the site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on the site or not), what browser you are using, your IP address, and your e-mail address. Certain features of our Web Site may be available only through the use of such tools. For example, cookies allow us to recognize you on your return visits to our Web Site and eliminate the need for you to register to receive software downloads each time you visit our Web Site. Cookies can also help us provide you with product and general information that is targeted to your particular interests. Cookies are stored on your local machine, not on the site. You are always free to decline cookies if your web browser has this functionality, although if you do so, you may not be able to use certain features on our Web Site which are dependent on the information those cookies collect, and you may be required to reenter certain information more frequently during a session.

**Who collects this information?**  
Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd collects this information, and may use the services of a third party web site host who operates, manages and maintains our Web Site. Any such web site host acts solely as an agent of Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd in the collection of such information and is required to comply with this Privacy Policy. Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd does not sell, rent or share Personal Information except in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**How does Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd use Personal Information?**  
We use the information you provide through the registration process: to provide you with the information and products you request; to communicate with you on matters relating to our Web Site and your account with us (if any); to understand your interests and requirements, as well as those of our other visitors in order to develop and provide new products and services; and to provide you with information about related products or services.  
Information that is automatically collected regarding your activities while visiting our Web Site is used to enhance your interactive experience during your visit. Use of this information helps us to better understand and immediately respond to your particular interests while you navigate our site. This information as well as demographic information derived from your registration and others may be aggregated and shared with associates and third parties, but only in aggregated form that does not contain any Personal Information.  
In addition, Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd uses information maintained about you, and other information obtained from your current and past activities to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and, if necessary, to enforce our rights. At times, Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd may review the information of multiple users to identify problems or to resolve disputes.

**What choices are available regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information?**  
You may at any time choose to disclose or not disclose the Personal Information we request; however, if you choose not to disclose the requested information, we may not be able to provide you with some or all of the products, information or services you request.  
If you do not wish to receive certain communications from Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd or its associates, such as marketing communications, you may opt out by declining the service offered or informing us that you no longer wish to receive such communications by contacting us at the e-mail address listed at the end of this privacy Policy. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request unless such communications are necessary for the administration of your account, required by law, or necessary to protect our rights.

**Who does Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd share Personal Information with?**  
Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd will not sell your Personal Information to third parties in the normal course of its business, however, Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd may disclose your Personal Information to its distributors, affiliates, and other business associates for purposes of providing you with updates and other information related to your fields of interest. If you do not wish to receive such information, please notify us by contacting us at the e-mail address listed at the end of this Privacy Policy.

**How does Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd or its providers protect the security of Personal Information?**  
Our Web Site employs a number of current technology security measures to protect the security of Personal Information. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. All Personal Information is stored in password protected storage facilities, accessible only to authorized personnel. However, although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot completely assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice.

**Additional Information:**  
This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected by Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Any information you provide to, or that is collected by, third-party sites may be subject to the privacy policies of those sites, if any. We encourage you to read such privacy policies of any third-party sites you visit. It is the sole responsibility of such third parties to adhere to any applicable restrictions on the disclosure of your Personal Information, and Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd and affiliates shall not be liable for wrongful use or disclosure of your Personal Information by any third party.  
You should also be aware that if you submit information to "chat rooms", "forums" or "message boards" such information becomes public information, meaning that you lose any privacy rights you might have in that information. Such disclosures may also increase your chances of receiving unwanted communications.  
Hummingbird Web Solutions Pvt. Ltd reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a new Privacy Policy on our Web Site. However, if we change our Privacy Policy to permit a new use or disclosure of Personal Information, we will not so use or disclose your Personal Information collected prior to posting of the new policy unless we first notify you via e-mail of the new policy and provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the new use or disclosure provisions.  
You may at any time print or download a copy of this Privacy Policy. If you believe that this policy has been violated, please contact by e-mail to . Our response to such inquiries may be limited to information under our direct control. 
