> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the avail.co privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190405101503id_/https%3A//www.avail.co/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Avail

Rentalutions, Inc., a Delaware Corporation, dba Avail ("Avail", "we" or "us"), appreciates your use of the Website and Services. We know that privacy is important, so we are providing this Privacy Policy to communicate our policies with respect to your information when you use the Avail Website or Services. Any defined terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our Privacy Policy, you should not use the Website or Services. By accessing or using the Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates.

### _Information Collection and Use_

When you register to use the Services, you provide personal information to set up your account, such as: your name, title, optional photo, email address, birthdate, primary phone number, secondary phone number, emergency phone number, fax number, and mailing address. If you are a property manager (rather than an individual), you may also provide company information, such as: your company name, logo, website url, and number of units managed. All of this information is referred to as your “ _Account Information_ ”.

If you are a Tenant and wish to submit a rental application for a unit on the Service, you will provide typical personal information necessary for the Manager to evaluate your application, such as: your name, email address, birthdate, primary phone number, secondary phone number, emergency phone number, mailing address, tenant history (including past addresses and landlord information), whether you have pets and how many, your vehicle information, your employment history, your current income information, whether or not you smoke, whether you have filed for bankruptcy in the past seven years, whether you have been convicted of a felony, whether you have ever been evicted from a tenancy, and whether you have ever refused to pay rent. All of this information is referred to as “ _Tenant Application Information_ ”.

Tenants who submit a rental application for a unit will also be redirected from our Website to the site of a third-party service provider to provide personal information, such as social security number and name, to allow that third-party service provider to run a Background Check to be used in the rental application. Neither Avail nor the Manager has access to the information you provide to the third-party service provider (notably your social security number) in order to perform the Background Check nor does Avail store this information on our servers. You will authorize this third-party service provider to share the results of the Background Check (the “Background Check Results”) with Rentaltuions and the Manager who owns or manages the unit you wish to rent. Once the Background Check Results are complete, the third-party service provider will grant Avail access to the Background Check Results via a secure API, and Avail will share the Background Check Results with the Manager through the Service for his evaluation of your rental application. The Manager will only have access to the Background Check Results until the rental application has been evaluated (accepted or rejected) by Manager. Avail does not store the Background Check Results on our servers nor will Avail retain a copy of the Background Check Results after the rental application has been evaluated (accepted or rejected) by the Manager. Under our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms), Manager is required to keep your personal Background Check Results private and only use it in connection with the lawful use of the Services.

If you choose to use the ACH payment features of the Services, you will provide personal information required for Avail to process the ACH you request, such as: your bank name, bank routing number, account number, and account holder's name. This information is referred to as your “ _ACH Information_ ”. Avail will store your ACH Information on secure servers unless you ask us to delete your ACH Information by contacting us at support@avail.co.

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” shall include Account Information, Tenant Application Information, Background Check Results and ACH Information. At your request, we use your Personal Information to provide the Services on the Website. We may use your Personal Information to contact you to notify you of new services, changes to the Service or third-party services that may be of interest to you. Except as specifically stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose your Personal Information to third parties.

We also collect “ _Non-Identifying Information_ ” about you, which includes Aggregate Information, Public Information, and Usage Details. This is information that cannot reasonably be used to contact or identify you unless it is coupled with other information. We may aggregate non-personal statistical information that does not individually identify you, such as information concerning gender, location or average rent (“ _Aggregate Information_ ”). We collect this information directly, such as when you register and indirectly, such as when you use the website or through our third-party service providers. The Aggregate Information we collect is pooled together to help us improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns; store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests; speed up your searches; and recognize you when you return to our Website.

You also may provide us with information that you ask us to make public by publishing or displaying the information on public areas of the Website or by sharing with third-party sites (“ _Public Information_ ”). This includes information such as comments on the Website's blog or information about a unit that you list on the Website for rental promotion, including unit information such as: unit type, building name, street name and cross street, address, package delivery, amenities, rent amount, security deposit amount, and optional photos. 

Finally, we collect non-personal statistical information about your internet connection, the equipment that you use to access our Website and how you use our website (“Usage Details”). This information is then pooled to allow us to optimize the Website to the internet connections and equipment that is used to visit the Website. We collect this information both directly from you when you provide it to us and automatically as you navigate through and interact with our Website, (i) including details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website and (ii) information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:

**Cookies (or browser cookies).** A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. We use session cookies to keep track of your login information. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.

**Pixel Tags / Web Beacons.** Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).

If we ever couple Non-Identifying Information with your Personal Information, the resulting information will become Personal Information.

### _Third-party Service Providers_

We use several third-party service providers in order to efficiently provide our Services to you. These services include such things as web hosting, credit card payment processing, ACH payment processing, email management, maintenance contractor scouting, and Background Check processing. For more information on how Background Checks are handled, please read the section on Background Checks above in _Collected Information and Use_ ). Some third-party service providers will collect information directly from you and provide us with relevant data (such as credit card processing companies and the third-party Background Check provider). We may use this information to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection. Information collected from these third-party services is governed by their privacy policies. You should view the privacy policy of third-party service providers before providing information to them. Other times, we will provide Non-Identifying Information to third-parties in order to enhance our Services. For instance, our Services utilize an API that integrates with Yelp to help Managers find contractors to handle maintenance requests. In order to accomplish this, we provide your ZIP code and a general description of the maintenance request to Yelp in order to facilitate a search of relevant service providers. If you do not want to share your information in this way, you should not use the Website or Services. Even though we do not disclose your Personal Information for these purposes without your consent, if you interact with a third-party, the third-party may have access to your Personal Information.

### _Sharing Information._

We may disclose Aggregate Information and Usage Details about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.

Public Information, such as your blog comments or unit information you would like us to promote to potential tenants, is information you ask us to broadcast publicly. We will only share this information with your express consent. Once your Public Information has been shared with the public, it may be searchable by search engines and be delivered to a wide range of users and services. When you share Public Information via the Services, you should think carefully about what you are making public.

We do not disclose your Personal Information except in the limited circumstances described here:

**Your Consent:** We may share or disclose your Personal Information at your direction in connection with your use of the Services. For instance, (1) when a Tenant asks us to provide the Tenant Application Information to Manager in order to evaluate a rental application, (2) when a Tenant asks us to provide the Background Check Results to a Manager in order to evaluate a rental application, (3) when you ask us to provide reciprocal contact information (emergency and otherwise) for Tenants and Managers who are preparing to enter into a lease or who have entered into a lease, (4) when a Tenant and Manager ask us to exchange information in order to facilitate the negotiation of a lease, (5) when a Tenant makes an ACH payment to Manager via the Services and (6) when a Tenant makes or a Manager responds to a maintenance request via the Services.

**Service Providers:** We may share or disclose your Personal Information to contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.

**Business Transfers:** In the event that Avail is involved in a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, your Personal Information held by Avail may be among the assets transferred.

**Law and Harm:** Notwithstanding anything contrary in this Privacy Policy, we may disclose or share your Personal Information in order to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request or if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Avail, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 

**Enforcement:** We may disclose your Personal Information in order to enforce or apply our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms) and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.

### _Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information_

We strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information: 

**Tracking Technologies.** You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.

**Email Communications.** If you do not wish to have your e-mail address/contact information used by Avail to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can choose not to provide your e-mail address or you can opt-out by unsubscribing to the newsletter. This opt-out does not apply to information provided to Avail as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions. 

### _Accessing and Correcting Your Information_

You may send us an e-mail at support@avail.co to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.

You may request that Avail delete your account by contacting us at support@avail.co. This request will only delete your personal account and Account Information. Avail will not delete information that relates to you that is on another User's account (for instance, a signed lease to which you are a party). If you believe information that relates you to on another User's account is inaccurate, contact us at support@avail.co.

### _Your California Privacy Rights_

California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to support@avail.co.

### _Data Security_

We recognize that you are providing sensitive information in connection with your use of the Services and that security is critical to our Services. As such, we take security precautions, and will continue to vigilantly safeguard your sensitive Personal Information. We update our security software with the latest patches frequently. Our servers are maintained by a reputable third-party service provider and housed in a secured facility. We separate the application server (servers that you interact with) and the database servers (servers that store our data). This ensures that users of the Website cannot directly interact with the database. Additionally, our servers are accessible only with a specific RSA key. We encrypt sensitive information, such as bank numbers, routing numbers, employment history and income sources, and all passwords using 256-bit encryption technology.

### _Children Under the Age of 13_

Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any Personal Information on the Website. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of the Services on the Website. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at support@avail.co. 

### _Changes to Our Privacy Policy_

Avail may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified in this policy. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.

### _Contact Information_

To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:

support@avail.co.
