> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hcaptcha.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190421062118id_/https%3A//hcaptcha.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# hCaptcha - Privacy Policy

Welcome to hCaptcha! This Privacy Policy describes the practices of Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IMI", "we" or "us") regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of information (including Personal Information, defined below) through our website at [www.hcaptcha.com](https://hcaptcha.com/) (the "Site") and the hCaptcha application program interface and related software and materials (the "Service"). 

Not Applicable to Third Party Websites. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any website, offering, product or service of any third party, even if it links to our Site or incorporates the Service – please refer to the applicable privacy policies before deciding to provide any information to third parties. 

A Note to Users Outside the United States. IMI is based in the United States. The Site and Services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Site and Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information.

## Information We Collect

We collect information from individuals who interact with our Site and Services, including those who incorporate the Service into their website ("Users") and the end users who interact with the Service through the websites of our Users. 

We collect the following categories of information: 

  * Information that can be used to identify or contact an individual ("Personal Information"), such as name and email address. We collect Personal Information from our Users when they give it directly to us (for example, by filling in a form when signing up for an account).
  * Information collected automatically as a result of a Visitors or Users use of the Site or the Services ("Analytics Information"), such as IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time stamp of access, and other similar information. Some Analytics Information is collected on our behalf by third parties we engage for that purpose, and some Analytics Information is collected through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies (see "See Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies", below).
  * Information collected as a result of individuals answering prompts through the Service ("Labeled Data"), such as image labeling data, text converted from audio files played to those individuals, answers to questions, and other prompts generated by the Service for purposes of labeling data for use in machine learning applications.



## How We Use Information

We use the information we collect for the following purposes: 

  * To provide a market for Labeled Data. Our Service enables high volume data labeling and human review for machine learning systems as a service to website owners and companies who need help getting their data labeled. To that end, we disclose Labeled Data to our customers interested in acquiring Labeled Data.
  * To administer User accounts and provide the Service. We use Personal Information in order to associate specific accounts with Users and to provide them the Service, to respond to requests or inquiries, to provide support or technical assistance, and to facilitate payments.
  * To improve to Site and the Service. We use Analytics Information to improve our existing and develop new services and offerings and to customize existing and future product offerings to the wants and needs of our Users.
  * To derive market insights. We use Analytics Information to analyze the market and conduct business analyses related to the Site and our Services, and for other research purposes.
  * To secure our services and systems. We use Analytics Information to secure our systems by identifying potential threats and vulnerabilities, and to otherwise protect the information we collect.
  * For any legitimate business purpose, provided that the information is anonymized.



## How We Share Information

We share or disclose information in the following cases: 

  * Upon direct request from a Visitor or User, or otherwise where specific consent was given.
  * With our customers and others interested in acquiring Labeled Data.
  * With vendors we engage to provide essential aspects of the Site and the Service, such as data storage and hosting, and only for those purposes.
  * With vendors to help us collect and use Analytics Information.
  * As necessary to comply with applicable law, including governmental requests, law enforcement requests, and otherwise to protect the rights, privacy, safety, or property of you, us, or others.
  * As necessary in the event of a proposed or actual reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, financing, or other disposition of all or any portion of Airtable business, assets, or stock.
  * With others for any legitimate business purpose, provided the information is anonymized.



## Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies

As discussed above, we (and our third party vendors) collect Analytics Information in part through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies. In some instance, we work with third party vendors to employ cookies for the purposes of collecting Analytics Information. 

We use Sentry to collect debugging data when a user experiences an error. For information on how Sentry collects and processes data, [please click here](https://sentry.io/privacy/). We have executed a Data Processing Agreement ("DPA") with Sentry. 

We use Cloudflare to optimize our web traffic. For information on how Cloudflare collects and processes data, [please click here](https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/). We have executed a DPA with Cloudflare. 

We use Customer.io for programmatic notifications to users. For information on how Customer.io collects and processes data, [please click here](https://customer.io/legal/privacy-policy/). We have executed a DPA with Customer.io. 

We previously used Google Analytics to collect Analytics Information. For information on how Google Analytics collects and processes data, [please click here](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en). We have executed a DPA with Google. 

If you would prefer not to block the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, please see "Managing Your Information," below. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Site or Service, as some features may not work properly. 

## How We Secure Information

We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the information we collect and store. Unfortunately, no security measures are 100% foolproof, and as such no network or system (including ours) can be guaranteed to be 100% secure against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to information we collect and store. If you believe your information may not be secure for any reason, please contact us immediately at [support@hcaptcha.com](mailto:support@hcaptcha.com). 

## Managing Your Information

You may access, correct, amend, or delete certain Personal Information you may have provided us through your User account (if you are a User). If you are unable to do so, or have any questions about Personal Information we have collected about you, or would like to entirely delete your account, please contact us at [support@hcaptcha.com](mailto:support@hcaptcha.com). 

If you would prefer to block cookies or other tracking technologies, most browsers and mobile devices all you to change your settings so as to notify you when you receive cookies or other tracking technologies are being used, and to choose whether or not to accept/allow it. Most browsers also allow you to disable or delete existing cookies or to automatically reject future cookies. You may also use third party tools, including browser plug-ins, to control your cookie preferences. 

## Information from Children

Our Site and Service are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information of a child under the age 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information from our files as soon as is practicable. Please contact us at [support@hcaptcha.com](mailto:support@hcaptcha.com) if you believe we have any information from or about a child under the age of 13. 

## Changes to Privacy Policy

Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. If a revision is material, as determined solely by us, we will notify you, for example via email. The current version will always be posted to our Privacy Policy page. 

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [support@hcaptcha.com](mailto:support@hcaptcha.com). 
