> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kbr.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110528022735id_/http%3A//www.kbr.com/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | KBR: A Global Engineering, Construction and Services Company

## Privacy Statement

**Important:** Please read the following and the [Terms and Conditions of Use](https://web.archive.org/Legal-Statement/) before accessing and using this Site.

Thank you for visiting www.kbr.com. We hope that you will find this website ("Site") helpful and informative.

KBR is strongly committed to respecting the privacy of all persons using this website ("Site"), and the protection of any personal information which we may collect and which you may choose to share with us. Such personal information will be used in accordance with the disclosures in this Privacy Statement, which is part of and incorporated into the Terms and Conditions of Use of this [Site](https://web.archive.org/Legal-Statement/).

**Exclusive Disclosures Pertaining to Use of Personal Information.** Please note that this Privacy Statement pertains exclusively to information which you provide to us in the course of your use and access of the Site, and does not alter or affect the terms and conditions of any other agreement that you may have or enter into with any KBR entity for any given product or service. The latter agreement will continue to govern that specific legal relationship with KBR. However, some pages on this Site or areas of this Site with restricted access ("Secured Sites", including project extranets or sites engaged in e-commerce) or in foreign locations may require the application of additional or special privacy disclosures, which will be posted on the home page of that Site.

**Your Express Consent to Collection and Use of Information.** If you do not agree with any disclosure in this Privacy Statement, or have any questions, please do not access the Site, contact us directly at [kbrwebmeister@kbr.com](https://web.archive.org/Contact/), and we will be pleased to assist you. BY CHOOSING TO PROCEED AND ACCESS THE SITE, YOU ARE INDICATING YOUR EXPRESS CONSENT AND AGREEMENT TO THE COLLECTION, TRANSFER, HANDLING, PROCESSING, USE AND STORAGE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM YOU DURING YOUR VISIT TO OUR SITE, ANY OF WHICH MAY OCCUR BOTH INSIDE AND OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES OR THE EUROPEAN UNION IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE LEGAL PROTECTIONS MAY BE LESS STRINGENT. You grant KBR, its affiliates, and third party providers a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free perpetual license to use your personal information for the purposes disclosed herein.

**How We May Obtain Your Personal Information.** When you visit and use this Site, we may obtain various types of information (such as your name and contact information) from you that (1) you may directly provide to us (by inputting information through various interactive features, filling out registrations, submitting inquiries, placing orders, etc.) or (2) that we will automatically collect during your visit to the site (such as your user identification and password, internet domain or IP address) as part of our normal operation.

**How We Will Use Your Information.** Your personal information will be stored in our systems for our internal use only. We will use such information to provide you with the requested information, goods, services or materials, for internal research, for marketing and data analysis, to send you updates and news concerning KBR and its business partners, and to better assist you with any future requirements. It is our policy not to disclose, sell or market your personal information to any unaffiliated third party without your prior permission. However, we may transfer or disclose your information to our affiliates, divisions, employees, partners, contractors and suppliers, subject to use only as set forth herein. Please note, however, that your information will not be considered subject to any obligation of confidentiality. You agree that any ideas, material, or content submitted on or through this Site becomes the sole property of KBR, and KBR has no obligation of confidentiality nor are we responsible for any claims of infringement or misappropriation that may result from any submission. We may disclose your information to any person, specifically to any governmental agency, without notice, if we in good faith believe that such is required in order to comply with law, to protect KBR interests including this Site, and in response to any emergency situation.

**Use of "Cookies".** Part of our data collection process may involve the use of "cookies", which are small pieces of identifying information placed and stored on your computer by our server which enable our system to more readily "recognize" you when you visit. Cookies are frequently used to enable sites to more efficiently provide service, such as to customize the display to suit your interests, note your interests while visiting our Site, and store information. It is our policy that any information obtained through the use of cookies will only be used internally by KBR to better provide service to you and to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of the Site. Cookies will not be used to track your activities outside of the Site or for any purpose not disclosed herein.

You may elect not to accept "cookies" by setting your Internet options on your computer, however, please be advised that in that case, you may not be able to access part or all of this Site, or parts of this Site may not operate effectively.

**How You May Review and Correct Your Collected Personal Information.** At any time you may contact us at [kbrwebmeister@kbr.com](https://web.archive.org/Contact/), request to review your personal information, if any, which we may have collected, and request that your personal information be corrected, supplemented, or permanently deleted from our systems.

**No Warranties.** Due to the numerous technical and operational uncertainties, we cannot make any warranty, guarantee or representation concerning the accuracy, thoroughness, completeness, or currency of your information, nor over our ability to control, correct, access, handle, process, use, store or transfer such information, and all such warranties are hereby disclaimed.

**Changes to Privacy Statement.** Since we are constantly making changes and upgrades to our systems and services in order to better serve you, and how we manage your personal information may accordingly change, we anticipate updating this Privacy Statement from time-to-time. Therefore, we reserve the right to revise the content of this Privacy Statement in any manner and at any time, without notice, however we will note the date of revision. It is your responsibility to check the Site each time prior to access for any changes.

**Protection of Your Personal Information.** While we strive to undertake appropriate and reasonable measures to safeguard your information, please remember that, due to the many technical uncertainties, complete security of Internet transmissions cannot be guaranteed. Therefore, you understand and agree that KBR is unable to provide any warranty, guarantee or representation concerning the protection of your information or concerning the existence or effectiveness of any security measures undertaken. KBR will not be liable for any claims, losses, or damages which may result from access by an unauthorized third party, or the introduction of viruses, worms, or other harmful elements into the system and their possible effects on personal information contained on the Site.

**Limitation of Liability.** IN NO EVENT WILL KBR, ITS AFFILIATES AND DIVISIONS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, CONTRACTORS, SUPPLIERS, VENDORS, INSURERS AND AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY COSTS, DAMAGES (INCLUDING ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES), OR LIABILITY OF ANY NATURE, ARISING FROM ANY CAUSE, RESULTING FROM THE COLLECTION, USE, TRANSFER, PROCESSING, HANDLING, CONTENT, OR STORAGE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OBTAINED OR SUBMITTED BY YOU RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THIS SITE.

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or the use of your information, please contact us by contacting us at [kbrwebmeister@kbr.com](https://web.archive.org/Contact/).

Last Updated: 11/10/2006
