> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iam8bit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191212230943id_/https%3A//www.iam8bit.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - iam8bit

**SECTION 1 – INTRODUCTION; AGREEMENT AND PARTIES.**  Iam8bit, Inc., a California corporation (the “Company,” “us,” or “we”) respects the privacy of the visitors to the Internet Site located at http://iam8bit.com/ (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy” or “Policy”) tells you when this Policy is effective, what information we collect from you, how we might use it, how you can review or change the personal information you provided to us, how we may change this Policy, and the steps we take to ensure that your personal information is protected. By using this Site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state, province and country of residence.

**SECTION 2 – AGREEMENT TO TERMS OF PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF SERVICE.**  All activities in which you may engage on this Site are voluntary. You are not required to provide any personal information to us unless you choose to access features on this Site which require the information. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy or other terms of use on this Site, then you should immediately exit this Site and discontinue using the Site. If you do not agree with the terms of our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service of this Site (posted at http://iam8bit.com/terms-of-service) please do not provide us with personal information, and leave this Site. By using the Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy as well as the Terms of Service.

**SECTION 3 – PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT.**  When you visit our Site or purchase something from our online store, as part of the buying and selling process, we may ask you for certain information referred to on this Site as “Personal Information,” which includes information that pertains to your identity. Such information may include but is not limited to, items such as your name, address, date of birth, age, gender, email address, telephone number, or credit card or debit card number. You may be required to provide Personal Information to access or use certain parts of our Site or features of the Site. If you do not provide the requested Personal Information, you may not be able to access or use the features of the Site where such information is requested.

**SECTION 4 – GENERAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT.**  There may be other instances in which we collect information from you that is more general in nature (“General Information”). Such information may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which enables us to identify your computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) network, which includes the World Wide Web. Your computer has an IP address, which is required in order for you to communicate with others via the Internet. Such General Information, including the click stream data and cookies, as mentioned below, may be collected from you whenever you access the Site, whether or not you provide us with any Personal Information.

(a) Click Stream Data. When you visit our Site we may also collect “click stream data” (server address, domain name). This information can be combined with information you have provided to us by registering, for example, which will enable us to analyze and better customize your visits. We may use click stream data for traffic analysis or e-commerce analysis of our Site, to determine which features of our Site are most or least effective or useful to you.

(b) Cookies. We may also use cookies to gather information about your visits to our Site and enhance your experience. More information on how we use cookies is available in the section “Automatic Collection.”

**SECTION 5 – WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION.**  We will primarily use the Personal Information you provide and any General Information we receive from you for reasons including, but not limited to, the following:

(a) To provide products or services you request. The Company only shares the information that is necessary to execute the transaction with the third-party payment processors handling the transaction. Specifically, we may provide your information to the company Shopify, Inc., to enable credit card processing through the online store. Shopify adheres to its own Privacy Policy and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards. To learn more about the types of information gathered and how the information is used by Shopify, visit https://shopify.com/legal/.

(b) To process, validate, confirm, verify, deliver and track your purchases (including by processing payment card transactions, arranging shipping and handling returns and refunds, and contacting you about your orders, including by telephone).

(c) To maintain a record of the purchases you make on our Site.

(d) To respond to your questions and comments and provide customer support.

(e) To send you information or materials via email about products, offers, and news we think might interest you. This information may relate to products, offers, and news of the Company or its licensees or selected commercial partners. We send you this only if you have opted-in to receive emails from the Company. If you no longer wish to receive any emails from us, or if you want to modify your personal data or want your Personal Information to be deleted from our database, see Section 10.

(f) To operate, evaluate and improve our business and the products and services we offer.

(g) To analyze and enhance our marketing communications and strategies (including by identifying when emails sent to you have been received and read).

(h) To analyze trends and statistics regarding visitors’ use of our Site, mobile applications, and social media assets, and the purchases visitors make on our Site.

**SECTION 6 – THIRD-PARTY SERVICES – SHOPIFY.**  In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your Personal Information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies with respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your Personal Information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our store’s Site or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our Site’s Terms.

**SECTION 7 – THIRD-PARTY SERVICES – SHOPIFY.**  Our store is hosted by Shopify, Inc (“Shopify”). Shopify provides us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your Personal information is stored on Shopify’s data storage databases and the general Shopify application on a secure server behind a firewall. Shopify will only collect, use and disclose your Personal Information to the extent necessary to allow it to perform the services they provide to us. Shopify stores your credit card information through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction is stored only as long as is necessary to complete the purchase transaction. After your purchase transaction is complete, your Personal Information is deleted. The PCI-DSS is managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort by brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. Shopify has its own privacy policies with respect to the information we are required to provide to it for your purchase-related transactions. We recommend that you read Shopify’s privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your Personal Information will be handled by Shopify. Shopify Inc.’s privacy policy can be found at <https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy> and its terms and conditions of use can be found at <https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms>.

**SECTION 8 – SECURITY PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND GENERAL INFORMATION.**  In order to protect both the Personal Information and the General Information that we receive from you through our Site, we have implemented reasonable security measures and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Please note that although we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards, no electronic transmission of information or electronic storage can be entirely secure. We cannot guarantee that the security measures we have in place to safeguard Personal Information will never be defeated or fail, or that those measures will always be sufficient or effective. Please keep in mind, however, that whenever you give out Personal Information online there is a risk that third-parties may intercept and use that information. While the Company strives to protect your Personal Information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online. By using this Site, you expressly acknowledge and agree that we do not guarantee the security of any data provided to or received by us through this Site and that any Personal Information, General Information, or other data or information received from you through the Site is provided to us at your own risk, which you expressly assume.

**SECTION 9 – RELEASE OF INFORMATION.**  The Company will release Personal or General Information without your consent for security purposes, when required by law, or to prevent imminent harm to any person or entity. We will disclose Personal or General Information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful, as determined in our sole discretion.

**SECTION 10 – AUTOMATIC COLLECTION; COOKIES.**  A cookie is a small string of information that the Site you visit transfers to your computer for identification purposes. Cookies can be used to follow your activity on the Site and that information helps us to understand your preferences and improve your Site experience. We may use the information collected through cookies and other automated means to uniquely identify the electronic shopping basket you may create on our Sites and enable you to retrieve shopping baskets you previously created. We also may use cookies to identify and authenticate visitors. Cookies are also used for such activities as remembering your username and password if you use such a feature on this Site. You can turn off all cookies, in case you prefer not to receive them. Please be aware, however, that when you choose to reject cookies, this choice may limit the functionality of the Site and you may lose access to some of its features.

Here is a sample list of cookies that we use.  
 __session_id_ , unique token,  _sessional_ , Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).  
 __shopify_visit_ , no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits.  
 __shopify_uniq_ , no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.  
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.  
 __secure_session_id_ , unique token,  _sessional storefront_digest_ ,  _unique token_ ,  _indefinite_  If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.

**SECTION 11 – DELETING OR MODIFYING PERSONAL INFORMATION.**  You may cancel your subscription/registration at any time, and you may opt out of receiving any emails from the Company or allowing us to use your email address for marketing purposes. Additionally, you can choose to have all your Personal Information deleted from our database. You may opt out, or delete or modify your Personal Information, by providing written notice to us and by following the instructions found at <http://www.aboutads.info/choices>. Upon your request, we will modify or erase your Personal Information without undue delay.

**SECTION 12 – DATA BREACHES.**  If there is a data breach of your Personal Information which is not encrypted (including, theft, data loss, destruction, or adulteration), we will report it to you within 72 hours if an adverse impact is expected.

**SECTION 13 – DISCLAIMERS; POLICY APPLICABLE TO ONLINE ACTIVITIES ONLY.**  This Privacy Policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond the Company’s control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. Unless otherwise stated herein, this Privacy Policy only applies to this Site and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.

**SECTION 14 – INTERNATIONAL ACCESS/SPECIAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO USERS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES.**  Unless expressly stated otherwise, the Site, the Services, and the Products are provided from the United States of America, and all servers and stores that make it available reside in the U.S. By interacting with the Site outside of the United States, users and non-users of the Site agree to have your Personal Data transferred to and processed in the United States. The laws of other countries may differ regarding the access and use of the Site and Service. While we do our best to comply with the laws outside of the U.S., we make no representations regarding the legality of this Site, the Services, the Terms, or this Policy in any other country, and it is your responsibility to ensure that your use complies with all applicable laws outside of the U.S.

**SECTION 15 – EFFECTIVE DATE OF AND CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY.**  This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set forth above and will remain in effect except with respect to any of its provisions that are changed in the future, in which case the changes will become effective on the date they are posted on the Site or we otherwise notify you of the changes. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Changes, modifications, additions, or deletions will be effective immediately on their posting to this Site. You should check our Privacy Policy periodically as its terms may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Site after we post any such modifications will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy and your agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.

**SECTION 16 – QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION.**  If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any Personal Information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at [store@iam8bit.com](mailto:store@iam8bit.com) or by mail at Iam8bit, Inc.  
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]  
2147 W Sunset Blvd,  
Los Angeles, California US 90026
