> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iamfx.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-01-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110126210520id_/https%3A//iamfx.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# IamFX - 1st RAW spreads STP MT4 Forex broker with FREE VPS

Protecting the privacy and safeguarding the personal and financial information of our clients and website visitors is one of our highest priorities. We collect information required to help you open an account with the Custodian of funds to transact business effectively and to safeguard your assets or your privacy. To do this, we gather information to help us assess your needs and preferences.

The information collected directly from you includes information required to communicate with you, including your name, mailing address, telephone number, e-mail address; and, as required by law, to identify who you are, including Social Security or Passport/Tax ID number; address, etc. We also collect demographic information when you open an account, including gender, birth date, education, occupation, etc.

Our regulatory bodies also require us to assess your trading experience, your approximate annual income, approximate net worth, and available risk capital to assess your financial position. We use personal information only as appropriate to provide you quality service and security. For example, the Custodian of funds may use the information collected from you to verify your identity and contact information. We may also use this information to establish and set up your trading account, issue an account number and a secure password, maintain your account activity, and contact you with account information. This information helps us improve our services to you, customize your browsing experience and inform you about additional products, services or promotions that may be of interest to you. 

Should you close your account with us, the Custodian of funds will retain your information, but only use it to comply with regulatory requirements and to periodically contact you to offer you the opportunity to reactivate your account or participate in other valuable offers. IamFX does not sell, license, lease or otherwise disclose your personal information to any third party for any reason, except as described below.

IamFX reserves the right to disclose your personal information to third parties where required by law to regulatory, law enforcement or other government authorities. We may also disclose your information as necessary to credit reporting or collection agencies, or when necessary to protect our rights or property. To help us improve our services to you, we may engage another business to help us to carry out certain internal functions such as account processing, fulfillment, client service, client satisfaction surveys or other data collection activities relevant to our business. We may also provide a party with client information from our database to help us to analyze and identify client needs and notify clients of product and service offerings.

Use of the information shared is strictly limited to the performance of the task we request and for no other purpose. All third parties with which we share personal information are required to protect personal information in a manner similar to the way we protect personal information. Examples of information shared are identifying information such as name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, and information on account activity. If at any time you choose to purchase a product or service offered by another company, any personal information you share with that company will no longer be controlled under our Privacy Statement.

We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of sites we link to and have no control of the use or protection of information provided by you or collected by those sites. Whenever you elect to link to a co-branded Web site or to a linked Web site, you may be asked to provide registration or other information. Please note that the information you are providing is going to a third party, and you should familiarize yourself with the privacy policy provided by that third party. 

You may direct us not to disclose non-public personal information to certain non-affiliated third parties. To opt out of sharing non-public personal information with non-affiliated third parties, please contact a client service representative. An opt out election made by one account owner of a Joint account is applicable to all account owners of the Joint account. 
