> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the h33t.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130806001726id_/http%3A//fr33sp33k.h33t.com/index.php%3Ftopic%3D3386.0) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**

 **1\. Introduction and General Terms**

h33t is committed to protecting you and your family's personal information when you are using h33t services. We want our services to be safe and enjoyable environments for our audience. This Privacy Policy relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us through the h33t websites.

In order to provide you with the full range of h33t services, we are sometimes required to collect information about you.

This privacy policy explains the following:

    * what information h33t may collect about you;  
    * how h33t will use information we collect about you;  
    * when h33t may use your details to contact you;  
    * whether h33t will disclose your details to anyone else;  
    * your choices regarding the personal information you have provided to us;  
    * the use of cookies on the h33t website and how you can reject these cookies.

As set out above, h33t is committed to safeguarding your personal information. Whenever you provide such information, we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information (these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the "data protection laws").

The websites contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These third party websites have their own privacy policies, including cookies, and we urge you to review them. They will govern the use of personal information you submit or are collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.

 **2\. What information will h33t collect about me?**

When you sign up to participate in or receive a service from any h33t website, such as newsletters, competitions, live chats, message boards or register on h33t, we may ask for personal information about you. This can consist of information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone or mobile number or date of birth. Different webpages may ask for different personal information.

By entering your details in the fields requested, you enable h33t and its service providers to provide you with the services you select.

Please note that sometimes on particular webpages we will require you to provide additional personal information, and sometimes sensitive personal information (e.g. if you're sending in an application to be a contributor on a political party we may need to know your political leanings). When we do this we will specify further on these webpages why we are collecting your information and how we will use it.

h33t also uses cookies (see paragraph 12 below for details) and collects IP addresses (an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet). We use analysis software to look at IP addresses and cookies for the purpose of enhancing your user experience. This information is not used to develop a personal profile of you and the log files are regularly purged.

We also use your IP address to determine which country you are accessing the services from. We can use this information to provide you with a customised experience of h33t.

 **3\. How will h33t use the information they collect about me?**

h33t will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following:

* for "service administration purposes", which means that h33t may contact you for reasons related to the service you have signed up for, as set out in paragraph 4 below (e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service has been suspended for maintenance);  
* to contact you about a submission you have made to the websites, including any content you provide;  
* to personalise the way h33t content is presented to you (e.g. if we notice that the first thing you look at every day is the weather for Paris, then we may present this information or a link to it on your homepage);  
* IP addresses are used to identify the location of users, the number of visits from different countries and also to block disruptive use; and  
* to analyse and improve the services offered on h33t e.g. to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience.

Where h33t proposes using your personal information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first. You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for your use other than as listed above.

 **4\. When will h33t contact me?**

h33t may contact you:

* in relation to the functioning of any service you have signed up for in order to ensure that the h33t can deliver the services to you;  
* where you have opted to receive further correspondence;  
* in relation to any contribution you have made to h33t e.g. on the h33t message boards;  
* to invite you to participate in surveys about the h33t services (participation is always voluntary); and  
* for marketing purposes where you have specifically agreed to this (see paragraph 5 below)

Local pages will give you detailed information about how the h33t will contact you in relation to specific services.

 **5\. Will I be contacted for marketing purposes?**

h33t will not contact you for marketing purposes, or promote new services to you unless you specifically agree to be contacted for these purposes.

 **6\. Will h33t share my personal information with anyone else?**

We will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required or permitted by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies) or as described in paragraph 7 below. Generally, we will only use your information within h33t. However, sometimes h33t uses third parties to process your information. h33t will require these third parties to comply strictly with its instructions and h33t will require that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes.

 **7\. Offensive or inappropriate content on the h33t website**

If you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to h33t, or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on h33t, we may use your personal information to stop such behaviour.

Where h33t reasonably believes that you are or may be in breach of any of the laws (e.g. because content you have posted may be defamatory) h33t may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your employer, school e-mail/Internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour.

 **8\. What if I am a user aged 16 or under?**

If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to h33t. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.

 **9\. How long will h33t keep my personal information?**

We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant service, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with h33t. In the case that you wish to cancel your registration as on h33t, when an account is deleted then all personal information is deleted automatically for our systems.

Where you contribute to h33t we will generally only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose(s) for which it was submitted. For example, h33t will only keep copies of entries to a photographic competition for the duration of the competition. However other projects are likely to have a longer, or even permanent, duration.

 **10\. Can I find out what personal information h33t holds about me?**

You have the right to request a copy of the personal information h33t holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. (We charge 20 euro for information requests and will require you to prove your identity with 2 pieces of approved photographic identification). We will use reasonable efforts to supply, correct or delete personal information about you on our files.

Please address requests and questions about this or any other question about this Privacy Policy to: 

[admin@h33t.com](mailto:admin@h33t.com)

 **11\. I am an international user of h33t, how does this Privacy Policy affect me?**

For international users accessing the site all personal information submitted by you will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy (and any local terms that apply on websites) unless terms on sites specify otherwise.

You should note that h33t cookies may collect information about international users - please see paragraph 13 for more information about cookies.

 **12\. Changes to h33t's Privacy Policy**

This privacy policy may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to any h33t website. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page.

 **13\. Cookies Policy -Information h33t collects from you**

 **a. What is a cookie?**

A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone (referred to here as a "device") browser from a website's computer and is stored on your device's hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. Many sites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows.

Cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor the websites to your interests. Users have the opportunity to set their devices to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the h33t features. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.

During the course of any visit to h33t, the pages you see, along with a cookie, are downloaded to your device. Many websites do this, because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the device (and probably its user) has visited the website before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit.

 **b. How does h33t use cookies?**

Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyse the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience. For example: if on a previous visit you went to our art pages, we might find this out from your cookie and highlight art information on your second and subsequent visits.

h33t also use a number of independent measurement and research companies. They gather information regarding the visitors to h33t sites on our behalf using cookies, log file data and code which is embedded on our website. h33t uses this type of information to help improve the services it provides to its users. h33t strictly requires that this information is not to use any information for their own business or other purposes (see paragraph 6 above). Certain other areas of h33t may use cookies for a specific reason - for example, to help an online game work effectively on your device. If this is the case, the local terms for that area of the website will make this clear and you should refer to those local terms for additional information.

 **c. How to reject cookies?**

Cookies can be rejected or disabled in your browser options. Exercise caution when disabling or rejecting cookies because many websites use cookies without which they cannot function.

 **14\. Contacting h33t about this Privacy Policy**

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please contact:

[admin@h33t.com](mailto:admin@h33t.com)

 **Credits:** thanks to the BBC from whom parts of this Policy have been lifted
