> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the humana.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161012163650id_/https%3A//www.humana.com/about/legal/internet-privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Internet Privacy Statement - Humana

Users of this website have the option to provide certain personal information. This personal information may be required in order to receive specific services. By providing such information, you are agreeing that Humana may store, process, and review such information. And we may use this personal information for the purpose for which it was collected. 

We may collect certain personally identifiable information from our users at different places within this website. Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you, such as your name, mail address, telephone number, cellular phone number, text message number, fax number, e-mail address, etc. Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone (e.g., your age), but may become so when combined with other information (e.g., your age and address). 

Individuals (Members), Providers, Employers, Business Partners, and Agents & Brokers have the ability to register for access to the secured area of this website. To access the secured area, you may need to provide additional information such as name, address, group number, and tax identification number. The purpose of the registration process is to verify and validate who is requesting access to the secured area of the website. Registration also enables us to tailor the information you receive. 

We may use the voluntarily provided contact information to notify website users of updates to existing products and services, new products and services, or upcoming events. Website users who do not wish to receive such notifications via e-mail or SMS (text) can choose to opt-out of receiving such information. It is our policy that e-mail and SMS (text) messages will contain an "unsubscribe" and "STOP" function, along with instructions on how to execute the opt-out function.

Some website users may have the ability to opt-out of receiving e-mail and SMS (text) messages by updating their communications preferences within the secured area of the website. 

After completing the log in process, website users have the option to change their password, e-mail address and security question and response. If the website user forgets or misplaces their password, Humana will use the security question and response to identify the website user and grant access to the website. To change personally identifiable information, registered members must contact the appropriate Humana Customer Care representative listed on the [Customer Support](https://web.archive.org/individual-and-family-support/contact-us) section of this website. 

We recognize that when website users choose to provide personal information, they trust that we will protect their privacy and will provide them with choices about how that information is to be shared. Humana will not sell, trade, rent or disclose the personal information that you provide unless you authorize us to do so or required to do so by law.

There are instances in which Humana may disclose website user's personal information to our agents, third-party partners, affiliates, and subsidiaries to enable them to perform functions on our behalf. These companies are only permitted to share, store and/or use personal information for contracted business purposes.

We may share your personal information when we believe that such action is necessary to: 1) fulfill an enforceable government request; 2) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; 3) protect or defend our legal rights or property, this website, or other users; 4) protect your health and safety or the health and safety of this website's users or the general public; or 5) if Humana is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information
