> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zediva.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110529134133id_/http%3A//www.zediva.com/pp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Zediva

This statement (our **Privacy Policy** ) discloses the privacy practices for WTV Systems, LLC (the **Company** ). By using this website, you acknowledge and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy as set forth below and as revised from time-to-time. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically to determine whether any changes have been made. 

**What information we collect**
     The Company asks you for information when you register on our website. We use the information we gather to improve the user experience on our site and to identify prior visitors. We may also use your information to contact you by email if you have granted your permission for us to do so. We also obtain credit card information from users who advertise on our website or otherwise purchase services from us. You may access and change your personally identifiable information in accordance with the instructions on our website. We may also keep track of your interactions with us, including but not limited to your site activity, DVD selections, movie ratings, payment history and correspondence as well as any movie viewing and related activity. We may use this information for such purposes as providing recommendations on movies we think will be enjoyable, personalizing the site to better reflect particular interests, helping us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests and otherwise enhancing our service offering for our customers. 
**Who we share it with**
    We may share the information you provide with our business partners who act on our behalf for the uses described above and for other uses you approve in advance. We may also share your information with credit card companies, attorneys, accountants, technicians and other third party service providers where it is necessary to have access to your information to provide their services. We also provide analyses of our users in the aggregate to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties. We may also disclose and otherwise use, on an anonymous basis, movie ratings, consumption habits, commentary, reviews and other non-personal information about customers. We may also provide postal addresses to overnight couriers or the US Postal Service for delivery purposes. In the event that the Company were ever to enter into a joint venture with a third party or if it were to be acquired, the joint venturer or acquirer would most likely succeed to your information as it is one of the assets of our business. It may also be necessary for us to release your personal information in response to a subpoena or other legal process or to otherwise comply with law. In the event of litigation, we also reserve the right to provide information without the necessity of receiving a subpoena. 
**How we offer our customers a choice**
    If you do not want the Company to contact you or your company for marketing or other purposes by e-mail, postal mail, fax and/or phone, you may opt out by contacting our customer service by telephone or e-mail, or by writing to us at the address on our website. Please note that we do not allow our customers to opt out of contact that is required by law. 
**Security of your information**
    The Company uses up-to-date security technology to protect our user data. Access to customer information is restricted to authorized personnel only. Credit card numbers are only used for payment processing and automatic renewals, where applicable, and are never retained for marketing or other purposes. 
**What about cookies and similar technologies?**
    Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we may transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computers. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. If your browser is set to not accept cookies, you will not be able to use our service. In addition to cookies, we may use other technologies, including pixel tags, to gather information on how our users interact with our site and to otherwise help us efficiently operate and monitor our site and service. These technologies show us, for example, popular pages, conversion rates, click-throughs and other information that can be used to improve, operate and monitor our site and our service. Third parties, including consultants we engage and online advertisers, may also use this technology to perform similar services for us as well as to assess their own advertising or services. 
**Website links**
    We reserve the right to place links on our website to websites owned or controlled by others. Those who control such websites may harvest your IP address, deposit cookies or use JavaScript, web beacons or other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their advertising or to personalize their advertising content. The Company has no control over these other websites, and they are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Please contact the administrators of such websites with any privacy concerns you might have about them. 
**A Special Note about children's privacy**
    You must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use this site. Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors under 13 years of age. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us so that we may delete the child's information. 
