> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the spacify.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130327174813id_/http%3A//www.spacify.com/privacypolicy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Spacify.com is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our store. This policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically. 

Spacify.com is committed to keeping your private information secure and private as you browse our site and purchase items. At no time do we share information with other parties except where necessary to conduct our usual business of providing you with the best modern furniture on the web. We do not engage in the sale or distribution of any customer personal information and we are committed to keeping this policy in place indefinitely. 

Throughout your visit with our web site we may collect information for the purpose of fulfilling your purchases, learning about your needs as a customer or supplying you with information. This information is kept secure within the confines of our offices and computers. 

Some of our services do require the use of 3rd party provided services or technology. Our partners and technology providers include Godaddy.com, Authorize.net, Wells Fargo Bank, Google checkout, Paypal, as well as our credit card merchant partners Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover Card. Each of these companies maintain their own privacy policies and processes. We have done our best to ensure that our partners and providers meet our own standards of security and privacy. For further information, please consult the individual privacy policies of our partners

We do not require any form of registration to access our web site. When purchasing an item we do require that you fill out the necessary information relating to billing and shipping, as well as payment and credit card information. This information is submitted to us using a SSL Secure Server with the highest encryption standards. The information you gives us is stored on the data servers temporarily and it is kept on file in our offices for our accounting needs. We require your email address in order to reach you by email, as well as to email you a confirmation invoice of your purchase. We will also send you updates regarding the status of your delivery via email. 

When subscribing to our newsletter, we ask that you provide your email address so that we may send you periodical newsletters via email. This list is kept private and secure at ConstantContact.com. In conjunction with the shopping program, we use cookies to provide many of the shopping services that you can access on our site. Cookies are a way of identifying your computer independent from others accessing our web site so that we may continuously display the appropriate information to you. A cookie is a common name for a process of storing a small text file in the files of your browser, storing small bits of information such as which items you have added to your shopping cart, where you are in the shopping prices and what options you have selected. 

Cookies are also used to inform us about what our customers are looking at or not looking at on our site. We may use this information to better personalize the content, products, design and information on our site. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. 

If you have questions or comments regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at support@spacify.com.
