> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the spacetimestudios.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230182733id_/http%3A//www.spacetimestudios.com/content.php%3F384-Spacetime-Studios-Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Spacetime Studios - Spacetime Studios Privacy Policy

_Effective Date: June 24, 2011_

Spacetime Studios, Inc. ("Spacetime", "we" "us") has developed this Privacy Policy which details important information regarding the use and disclosure of user information collected on spacetime.com, and while on the sites or playing its video games ("Games") found at [www.spacetimestudios.com](http://www.spacetimestudios.com/) [www.pocketlegends.com](http://www.pocketlegends.com/), [www.blackstargame.com](http://www.blackstargame.com/), [www.starlegends.com](http://www.starlegends.com/), [www.darklegends.com](http://www.darklegends.com/), [www.arcanelegendsgame.com](http://www.arcanelegendsgame.com/) and [www.clockrocket.com](http://www.clockrocket.com/) (collectively, the "Sites") and other Spacetime interactive and social media properties and locations, for example, its Facebook pages and mobile applications (collectively, with the Sites and Games referred to herein as the "Spacetime Applications"). Spacetime provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use, continue to use, avail yourself to, or participate in the Spacetime Applications. 

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to Spacetime's [Terms of Use](http://www.spacetimestudios.com/content.php?385-Terms-of-Service) and to the applicable Games' Terms of Service (["TOS"](http://www.spacetimestudios.com/showthread.php?11694)). Each time that you access or use Spacetime Applications you signify that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the Terms of Use, [applicable] TOS and this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the Spacetime Applications.

When you provide us with information in connection with a particular activity or otherwise sign up for our services or provide your contact information, including an email address or telephone number in connection with that activity, product or service, you agree that this action constitutes a purchase or inquiry establishing a business relationship with us. You expressly consent to our communicating with you future information about Spacetime using the information you provided to us. You also attest that you have the legal authority over any telephone number you provide to us and can provide us with the authorization to contact you. This means we may contact you, in person or by recorded message, by e-mail, telephone and/or mobile telephone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving.

**I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

**Connecting with the Spacetime Applications and Information Provided by You.**

We will collect personal information from you when you sign up for any Spacetime Applications, interact with our Spacetime Applications, including visiting our Sites, update your profile, interact with other users, and use various features of our Spacetime Applications. By signing up, you give us permission to store and display user information you have provided to other users in order to provide the best possible experience on the Spacetime Applications. Information you provide in your public profile is entirely optional and can be edited by you through your Control Panel in the applicable forums. 

We may also collect information about you through other methods, including research surveys or information we obtain from third parties, including verification services and public sources. 

From time-to-time we may request information from you and other users via surveys, contests or sweepstakes. Participation in these surveys, contests or sweepstakes is completely voluntary so you and other users have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information may be used to notify the winners, award prizes and file winner’s information as required by law. Survey information will be used for the purpose(s) of the survey, including the monitoring or improvement of the use and satisfaction of Spacetime Applications.

**Information Collected Through Technology**

**Web Logs.** Like most standard website servers, we log IP addresses (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet) and device identification in order to improve security, analyze trends and administer the Spacetime Applications. We may track your movement within the Spacetime Applications, the pages from which you were referred, access times and browser types. This information may include the browser you are using, the Internet address from which you linked to our Spacetime Applications, the operating system of your computer, the unique IP address of the computer or device identification from the mobile device that you used to access our Spacetime Applications and usage and browsing habits. We use this information in the aggregate to gauge the effectiveness, usage, and popularity of our Spacetime Applications, track information for statistical purposes, help diagnose and troubleshoot server malfunctions, analyze trends, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information. We may also use individual information we collect through web logs to send you targeted offers and other communications.

**Cookies.** To help make sure you receive information that is relevant to you, our Spacetime Applications use data "cookies." We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Spacetime Applications. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. We use persistent cookies to differentiate visitors to our Spacetime Applications from registered users, to customize the content of certain sections of the Spacetime Applications and to enable us to track and cater to the interests of users, in order to enhance their experience on the Spacetime Applications. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file. Cookies help us learn which areas of our Spacetime Applications are useful and which areas need improvement. We will not use cookies or other data capture mechanisms to collect any personally identifiable information about you. You may configure your browser to prevent cookies from being set on your computer. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Spacetime Applications, but your ability to use some areas of the Spacetime Applications may be limited, and you may not be able to use certain features of the Spacetime Applications, including playing certain Games or entering sweepstakes or contests. 

**Web Beacons.** Our web pages contain "web beacons." Web beacons allow us to count users that have visited a web page or opened an email that contains a web beacon and collect other types of aggregate information. Using this information, we are able to measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our Spacetime Applications. This allows us to learn what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which parts of our Spacetime Applications are the most interesting and what kind of offers our registered users like to see. Some of the web beacons that are in place on our Spacetime Applications are used only by us, and other web beacons are from our vendors who use this data to assist us in analyzing how our Spacetime Applications are used. 

**Personally Identifiable Information.**

**Registration.** We will collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, postal address and e-mail address, when you provide it to us while on the Spacetime Applications such as when you register to create an account or otherwise interact with the Spacetime Applications. 

**Supplemental Information.** We may from time to time supplement information you give us with information from other sources, such as information to validate or update your address or other demographic and lifestyle information. We use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect, to target our communications so that we can inform you of products, services and offers that may be of interest, and for internal business analysis or other business purposes.

**User Generated Content.** Please remember that any information you disclose while participating on the Spacetime Applications, including our public forums ("Communities"), becomes public information, becomes the property of, and is subject to redistribution by, Spacetime. You should exercise caution and discretion when deciding to disclose your personal information in a submission or posting. There is no expectation of privacy when playing, posting, or otherwise participating on the Spacetime Applications or in the Communities. If you post content, such as messages, photos and videos, please be aware that any personally identifiable information contained in such content is accessible to registered users or visitors to that Spacetime Application or Community and we have no control over how those users may use your personally identifiable information. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the interactive areas on our Spacetime Applications and Communities. We reserve the right to take action in connection with any content we deem to be inappropriate. Please review our [Terms of Use](http://www.spacetimestudios.com/content.php?385-Terms-of-Service) and the applicable Games' Terms of Service (["TOS"](http://www.spacetimestudios.com/showthread.php?11694)) for more information regarding your appropriate use of these areas. 

**II. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION**

**Connecting with the Spacetime Applications and Communities.** We will make your profile public to other registered users. By signing up for our Site and Communities, you give us permission to capture and store information you provide us for your profile and display it to other users in order to provide the best possible experience on the Spacetime Applications. If you provide us with your mobile telephone number by using our mobile application, we will only use that number to provide you with promotional messages for other Spacetime Applications if you have provided us with your express opt-in consent.

**Communication with Third Parties.** Please remember that any information you disclose in your public profile or that you post in the Communities becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in a submission. If you post content, such as photos and videos, please be aware that any personally identifiable information contained in such content is accessible to registered users or visitors to across the Spacetime Applications and we have no control over how those users may use your personally identifiable information. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the interactive areas on across the Site and Communities. Please review our [Terms of Use](http://www.spacetimestudios.com/content.php?385-Terms-of-Service) and the applicable Games' Terms of Service (["TOS"](http://www.spacetimestudios.com/showthread.php?11694)) for more information regarding your appropriate use of these areas. 

**Service Providers.** We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Spacetime Applications or administer activities on our behalf. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes. 

**Strategic Partners**. From time to time we may enter into a special relationship with another company that is not owned by or affiliated with us to provide additional features on the Spacetime Applications. Since these third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy practices, you should check their website for information regarding their privacy policies. These special relationships may include business partners, sponsors and co-branded Spacetime Applications (referred to here as "co-branded pages") and our helpdesk powered by Zendesk. Any information, including personally identifiable information that you provide on one of these co-branded pages or our help desk powered by Zendesk, will be shared with these third party partners. By participating in activities or providing your information on these co-branded pages, you also consent to our providing your personally identifiable information to those third parties. Since these third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy practices, you should check their website for information regarding their privacy policies.

**Other Uses** : We may use your personal information to contact you about services on our Spacetime Applications for which you have expressed an interest, for example, if you have contacted customer service or made an inquiry.

**Announcements.** We may send you announcements and emails from time to time relating to your account. These include emails such as order confirmations or customer service notifications. We may also send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, or the delivery of a service is delayed we might send you a notice, or if there is some service issue with something you might have ordered. You may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. We may also use your information to send you updates and communications about our Spacetime Applications, other products and services. To opt-out of emails you may (i) Update your email preference Settings by logging into the appropriate game application, tapping "My Account" at Character Select, then tapping the "Modify Account" button and then un-checking the "E-mail Opt-in" box or (ii) Click the unsubscribe link in the body of the email.

**Offers and Promotional Messages**. We may also use your email address or mobile phone number to send you updates and communications about our products and services or other messages, such as newsletters, text messages, when users check-in, changes to features of the Service, or special offers. If you do not want to receive such messages, you may opt out or change your preferences in your settings page (click Settings). You also will be given the opportunity, in any promotional email or text message that we send to you to opt out of receiving such messages in the future. It may take up to 10 days for us to process an opt-out request. Follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each email or click "STOP" on a mobile text. You may also [Contact Us](http://www.spacetimestudios.com/sendmessage.php) or write us an e-mail to support(at)spacetimestudios.com (replace the (at) with the @ symbol) 

**Legal Matters; Safety.** We may, without your consent, access and disclose your information, any communications sent or received by you (including, without limitation, the contents of any chat, messaging, or other communication in the Communities), and any other information that we may have about you or your account as may be permitted or required by law (including, but not limited to, court order or subpoena), or to prevent or investigate suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Service, TOS or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose your information and/or communications in situations that we believe to be: (i) emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat; or (ii) your conduct on the Spacetime Applications or in the Communities that we believe is inappropriate and inconsistent with generally accepted norms of behavior.

**Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets.** In the event that we, or any of our businesses, are sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, personally identifiable information of our visitors may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction. Information about our visitors and registered users may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where we or any one of our businesses are seeking financing, investment, support or funding. In such transactions, personal information will be subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy in effect when the information was obtained.

**III. ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION**

If you have an online account with us, you also may choose to resign and deactivate your account at any time. Please visit our Zendesk powered support portal at [http://support.spacetimestudios.com](http://support.spacetimestudios.com/) for removal information for your particular product. After you close your account, you will not be able to sign in to our Spacetime Applications or access any of your personal information. However, you can open a new, separate account at any time or re-activate your previous account by logging in again. If for any reason you are concerned that the personal information you provided to us is not correct and you cannot change it by accessing your account, or should you wish to have your email address removed from our mailing list or contact information changed, please [Contact Us](http://www.spacetimestudios.com/sendmessage.php) or write us an e-mail to support(at)spacetimestudios.com (replace the (at) with the @ symbol). We will be happy to review, update or remove information as appropriate. If you deactivate your account, we may still retain certain information associated with your account for analytical purposes and record keeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce our [Terms of Use](http://www.spacetimestudios.com/content.php?385-Terms-of-Service) and applicable Games' Terms of Service (["TOS"](http://www.spacetimestudios.com/showthread.php?11694)) or other policies, take actions we deem necessary due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our Spacetime Applications. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties' policies. We may still retain your information in our files however, to resolve disputes and enforce our Terms of Use and/or Terms of Service.

**IV. CHOICE AND OPT OUT**

You may remove your information from our database so as not to receive future communications or to close your account or opt out of our sharing information with third parties for marketing purposes by [Contacting Us](http://www.spacetimestudios.com/sendmessage.php) or writing an email to support(at)spacetimestudios.com (replacing (at) with the @ symbol).

If you prefer not to receive electronic promotional communications, you can opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each communication. 

Please note that changes may not be effective immediately. In each event, you must clearly indicate the information that you wish to have changed or clearly indicate that you wish to have your personally identifiable information removed from our database. We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably possible. Note that despite any request for removal of or change to personally identifiable information, we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed or changed. Finally, we are not responsible for informing third parties (including without limitation our third party service providers or strategic partners) with whom we have already shared your personally identifiable information of any changes requested pursuant to this section, or for removing information from or causing information to be removed from the databases or records of such entities.

**V. IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES, PRACTICES AND CONTACT INFORMATION**

**Links to other Site and Communities.** To the extent hyperlinks may be utilized to access external or third party sites and communities, you should be aware that these external or third party site and communities are not controlled by us and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check the privacy policies of each such site and community to determine how your personal information will be utilized by their proprietors.

**Security.** We implement security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. However, despite our efforts, no system can completely guarantee that there will never be unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information, and your use of the Site and Communities indicates that you are willing to assume this risk.

**A Note To International Users.** The Spacetime Applications are hosted in the United States. If you are using the Spacetime Applications from outside the United States, by providing your information to the Spacetime Applications, you are consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and maintenance in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use and applicable TOS You are also consenting to the application of United States federal, and Texas state law in all matters concerning the Site and Communities.

**Children's Privacy.** The Spacetime Applications are not directed or intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, you should not register or provide Personal Information on the Spacetime Applications. If we later obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 13 years of age, we will take steps to remove that user’s Personal Information from our systems. 

**Changes to the Privacy Policy.** We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on our Sites, with the "Effective Date" posted at the top of the Policy. We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new Spacetime Applications or Communities or change existing ones. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your personal information, you will know because the Effective Date of the Privacy Policy will change. If we are going to use any personal information in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time we collected such information, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to consent to the change. If you do not consent, your personal information will be used as agreed to under the terms of the privacy policy in effect at the time we obtained that information. By using our Spacetime Applications after the Effective Date, you are deemed to consent to our then-current privacy policy. We will use information previously obtained in accordance with the privacy policy in effect when the information was obtained from you.

**Disputes.** If you choose to visit the Spacetime Applications your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy, the particular TOS and our Terms of Use including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the laws of the United States, and the State of Texas.

**No Rights of Third Parties.** This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the website.

**Contacting Us**. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of the Site and Communities, please [Contact Us](http://www.spacetimestudios.com/sendmessage.php) or an email queries to support(at)spacetimestudios.com (replacing (at) with the @ symbol).
