> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the spanx.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061231042124id_/http%3A//www.spanx.com/pls/enetrixp/%21stmenu_template.main%3Fcomplex_id_in%3D477024.488863..488863.cat) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Official Site of SPANX - Privacy

**Is it safe to use my credit card on spanx.com?**  
Yes, shopping at Spanx is safe. Our site employs the latest version of Secure Socket Layer Technology (SSL) to encrypt your information and help make sure that only you and Spanx ever see it. 

In the rare instance that an unauthorized person obtains your credit card information and uses it, by federal law, you are only liable for the first $50. In any instance where you have discovered or suspect fraud, you need to contact your credit card companies immediately. Because we are so confident in our security measures, we will reimburse you for the $50 not covered by your credit card company. That's our Spanx Security Guarantee. And for you, it means there is no risk shopping at Spanx.com.

**Is my personal information kept private?**  
Spanx is committed to respecting the privacy rights of our customers and all visitors to our web site. We take this matter very seriously, and have instituted many policies and procedures to insure that none of your privacy rights as stated herein are ever violated. We have taken many measures to safeguard and protect your privacy, while providing you with a unique and rewarding online shopping experience. 

We consider the information you choose to share with us personal and confidential. We may use information about the kinds of products you buy from Spanx to make other marketing offers to you, unless you tell us not to. We may share this information with consultants or service providers to help Spanx serve you better. Of course, to the extent that we would ever share any of that information with a consultant or service provider, we would only do so if that party agreed to protect your private information by adopting a privacy policy at least as stringent as our own. To the extent that you use electronic wallet technology provided by a portal, such as AOL's quick checkout feature or MSN's passport technology, we may share some of your purchase information with that portal to assist that portal in serving you better. However, rest assured that we would only share that information with the portal you had used and then only to the extent that such portal agreed to protect your private information by adopting a privacy policy at least as stringent as our own. Except as provided above, as required by law, or in the event of a merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of Spanx's assets, we will not sell or otherwise share any of your purchase information with any third party without your permission. Please read the complete Spanx Privacy Policy.
