> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the spanedea.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-01-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160102005657id_/https%3A//www.spanedea.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Online Tutoring |Online Coaching Classes | Online Home and Private Tutors| Spanedea

By accessing this Website, the Teacher/User hereby consents to abide by this privacy policy: 

  * The Website shall collect various information and data from the Teacher/User, from time to time. Such information shall include, but shall not be restricted to, the name, address, telephone number, fax number, email address, mode of payment, etc. The Website shall be authorized to utilize any or all the information provided by the Teacher/User for the purposes of processing the requests of the Teacher/User, as the case maybe, as provided on the Website.
  * We endeavor and are committed to protecting any information and/or data that is provided by the Teacher/User on the Website. The Website does not share or disclose any information of the Teacher/User obtained through the Website to any third parties, save and except for the Services availed. The Website shall not disclose any information of the Teacher/User collected on this Website to any third party without the prior consent of the Teacher/User, save and except as required under the laws of India as applicable from time to time.
  * The Website may however utilize the information to analyze trends, administer the Website, gather broad demographic information of aggregate use, etc. However, such information shall not include personally identifiable information of the Teacher/User. Such information shall also not be shared with third parties and shall be used internally on a need-to-know basis.
  * We shall not sell, share or rent your personal information to any third party or use your email address for unsolicited emails. Any emails sent by the Website will only be in connection with the provision of the agreed services and in relation to any developments associated with the cause or in relation to the business of the Website.
  * We adopt reasonable security methods and precautionary measures to prevent unauthorised access and to protect the information of the Teacher/User available with us. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to the Teacher/User. In the event of any unauthorized access of any personal data or information of the Teacher/User, we undertake to initiate necessary action as per applicable Indian laws. Notwithstanding the aforesaid, given the penetrable nature of the security system we do not accept any liability regarding or guarantee relating to the security of the data/ information of the Teacher/User. All information and data provided to us may be intercepted during transmission and hence the Website or its affiliates and/or it directors, employees and/or agents assumes no liability with respect to any personal information and bank related information and transactions. Like most interactive websites, the information of the Teacher/User, is not limited to data provided on the Website and is also stored by the web browser applications in the computers of the Teacher/User in the form of cookies. The Website shall not be responsible for any loss or damaged caused to the Teacher/User due to the information and data contained in their computers.
  * The Teacher/User may not create a link to any page(s) of this Website without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to this Website or any part thereof, you do so at your own risk. This Website enables easy access to certain third party web pages through hyperlinks which are provided on the Website. These third party websites may collect information, through cookies or other technologies or other virus/trojans/malware, when you access their websites. The Website shall not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, however caused, resulting from your disclosure to such third parties of personal information. The Website undertakes no responsibility or liability to monitor or control the privacy practices of such third party websites or any other third party website, including the content provided on such third party websites. Teacher/User are requested to review the terms and conditions and privacy policies adopted by such third party websites to understand how they collect and use information.
  * Notwithstanding anything mentioned herein, the Website shall release any Teacher/User related information to any government authority or under order by any statutory, administrative or judicial authority as applicable.
  * As our constant endeavor to make our privacy policy more robust and advantageous to protect the information of our Teacher/User we will periodically upgrade our privacy policy and the same shall supersede the earlier versions of the said privacy policy. We, therefore, request you to read this document each time you access the Website to ensure that it still meets your approval.


