> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sparkgoldtrading.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121229004144id_/http%3A//www.sparkgoldtrading.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SPARK Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd.

Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. respects each Individual's Right to Privacy We know how important it is for us to safeguard any personal information that may reveal your identity or account information, whether you are our client or a visitor to our Web site's public domain. To show our commitment to your security, we extend the following pledge to you. 

Your Privacy is Our Utmost Priority. Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. is committed to safeguarding the personal information you provide us. This privacy policy explains how we handle and protect personal information we collect about individuals who apply for or receive our products and services. The provisions of this notice apply to former clients as well as our current clients. 

How We Collect Your Personal Information When you apply for or maintain an account with Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd., we collect personal information about you for business purposes, such as evaluating your financial needs, processing your requests and transactions, informing you about products and services that may be of interest to you, and providing client service. The personal data we collect about you includes: 

  * Information you provide to us on applications and other forms, such as your name, address, date of birth, Social Security number, occupation, assets and income.
  * Information about your transactions with us and with our affiliates.
  * Information we receive from consumer-reporting agencies, such as your credit history and credit worthiness, and other entities not affiliated with Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. 
  * Information you provide to us to verify your identity, such as a passport, or received from other entities not affiliated with Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. 



How We Protect Personal Information We limit access to your personal information to those employees who need to know in order to conduct our business, service your account, and help you accomplish your financial objectives, such as providing you with a broad range of products and services. Our employees are required to maintain and protect the confidentiality of your personal information and must follow established procedures to do so. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information. We do not rent or sell your name or personal information to anyone. 

Cookies are small files containing information that a Web site uses to track its visitors. Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. may set and access cookies on your computer, enabling us to learn which advertisements and promotions bring Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. users to our Web site. Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or divisions may use such cookies. 

Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. Web sites may contain hyperlinks or "links" to other sites, and other sites may "link" to our sites. These Web sites that may be linking to or from Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. sites provide a separate privacy policy than Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. does. Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. Ltd. privacy policy applies exclusively to Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. and information collected by our Web sites. Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of the sites you link to, nor do we have control over the use or security of information provided by you or collected by those sites. If you choose to link to one of these Web sites, you may be asked to supply registration or other information. It is important that you realize this information is going to a third-party, and you should become familiar with the privacy policy provided by that third-party. 

Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. Security Technology Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology in order to protect the information that you submit. This type of technology is designed to protect you from having your information intercepted by anyone other than Spark Gold Trading Pvt. Ltd. while it is being transmitted to us. We also use other safeguards such as firewalls, authentication systems (e.g., passwords and personal identification numbers) and access control mechanisms to control unauthorized access to systems and data. However, you acknowledge and accept that any services provided through the Website involve transmissions over the internet and that such transmissions are therefore subject to the internet's inherent risks. Whilst we acknowledge our responsibility to take reasonable security precautions, you also acknowledge and accept that, as with any network, you may also be exposed to unauthorised programs transmitted by third parties, electronic trespassing and/or the failure of information and data to reach their intended destinations and/or erroneous receipt or misdirection of such information. Although our and our suppliers' privacy and security features are designed to reduce these risks, we cannot guarantee their elimination. You therefore acknowledge that no transmission via the Website shall be guaranteed to be confidential and that we shall not be liable for any breach of confidence arising as a result of such event. 

Sharing Information with Our Affiliates We may share personal information described above with our affiliates for business purposes, such as servicing client accounts and informing clients about new products and services, as permitted by applicable law. Our affiliates are companies controlled or owned by us, or companies controlling or under common control with us, and include financial service companies, such as dealers, other brokers, futures commission merchants and advisors. Disclosure to Non-Affiliated Third Parties In order to support the financial products and services we provide to you, we may share the personal information described above with third-party service providers and joint marketers not affiliated with us, including: 

  * Financial service institutions (advisors, dealers, brokers, trust companies and banks) with whom we have joint marketing agreements, such as agreements to market financial services or products that we jointly offer, endorse or sponsor; and
  * Companies under contract to perform services for us or on our behalf, such as vendors that prepare and mail statements and transaction confirmations or provide data processing, computer software maintenance and development, transaction processing and marketing services. 



These companies acting on our behalf are required to keep your personal information confidential. We may collect, use and disclose personal data about you, including personal data you may voluntarily disclose to us in any manner, so that we can (i) carry out our obligations with respect to any Services; (ii) carry out our everyday business activities and dealings with you; (iii) compile statistical analysis of the pages of the Website visited; (iv) monitor and analyse our business; (v) participate in crime prevention, legal and regulatory compliance, including screening and comparing such data against sanctions and other databases used for crime prevention purposes; (vi) market and develop other products and services; (vii) transfer any of our rights or obligations under the Services; and (viii) process your personal data for other related purposes. If you choose to withhold non-sensitive personal data requested, we will not be able to give you access to this Website. 

Accessing and Revisiting Your Personal Information You have certain rights of access to some or all of the personal data we collect and hold about you at the time of request, or to have inaccurate information corrected, under applicable data protection laws. If you wish to exercise such rights, you should contact us in writing, and may be requested to provide further information to assist us in complying with such request. Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to invest in foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You may be liable for losses that exceed the amount of margin that you post. It is good to be also aware of the risks involved in forex marketing & take advice of the right people. 
