> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sparkletts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140425164307id_/https%3A//www.sparkletts.com/bottled-water-privacy-policy.jsf) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sparkletts Bottled Water Delivery Service | Privacy Policy

##### Privacy Policy

DS Services of America, Inc. created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of those who visit this website and all of DS Services™ websites accessible through this site (collectively the "Sites"). Your privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Policy describes the information that DS Services collects from you [through the Sites] as part of our normal operations and describes what may happen to that information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that DS Services may gather from other sources. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully because it identifies certain of your legal rights. By accessing, viewing and/or using these Sites, you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of this Privacy Policy and all other terms and conditions set forth in the Sites. If you do not agree, please do not access, view or use the Sites. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly grant DS Services the right to use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your access, view and/or use of these Sites may be monitored, tracked and recorded, and you expressly consent to the monitoring, tracking and recording. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please email Customer Service at customerservice@water.com or contact Customer Service at 1-800-728-5508.

### Visitors to the Sites

When any visitor links or connects to the Sites, the DS Services™ web server automatically recognizes the visitor's domain name and email address where possible. When you visit the Sites and access information about DS Services products and services without revealing your identity or you purchase products or services from the Sites, DS Services may ask you to provide certain personal information by completing and submitting an online form. To complete your order DS Services may require that you provide your contact information, which may include your name, mailing address, email address or other personally identifying information.

### Information Collection Notice

The primary purpose of DS Services™ in collecting personal information is to provide you with the products and services you have ordered and superior customer service. The personal information DS Services collects includes first and last names, street addresses, billing information, credit card information and email addresses, as well as some information that will help us provide visitors with relevant information about events and information they may be interested in. All credit card information submitted to the Sites is done through a secure connection and used by DS Services exclusively in connection with the purchase of DS Services products or services. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use or buy a particular product or service. You agree that DS Services may use personal information about you to improve our products and service to you. You agree that DS Services may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that may be targeted to your interests, such as special product and service offerings. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications as further described below. DS Services does not sell, rent, or knowingly provide the information it receives from Site visitors to any third party without your permission. DS Services does share some of the information collected (demographic information, purchase history) with its affiliated companies and its advertising agencies for marketing research purposes. DS Services does not permit third parties to collect personal information about you when you are using our Sites. 

### Use of Cookies

The Sites use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Sites as a convenience to users so that users do not repeatedly input the same information in different parts of the Sites or on repeat visits to the Sites. Cookies are small text files that are transferred from your browser to a web server which a web site can use to recognize a repeat visitor to the Sites. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, which gives you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. While DS Services™ uses cookies to track your visit to the Sites, our web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer. This information does not identify you personally and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided DS Services with your personal information in which case we may combine this information with other information we have collected regarding you. DS Services uses the data it obtains from the Site visitors to provide you with enhanced products and services, for internal marketing purposes, to improve the content of our Sites, for registration in our promotions, and to provide information to those Site visitors who ask for it. 

### Opt In/Opt Out

Visitors to the Sites who previously provided information to DS Services™ can change or remove the information upon request to DS Services. Visitors, who do not want DS Services to disclose personal information about them with affiliates and non-affiliated third parties, may opt-out of such disclosure. When you opt out of such disclosure, DS Services will not disclose your personal information except to service providers performing services on DS Services's behalf, or as permitted or required by law and set forth below. Disclosures that are permitted by law include, but is not limited to, sharing personal information with DS Services affiliates about transactions or experiences or as may be required to provide you with the products and/or services you have requested. You may exercise your right to opt-out when prompted on the Sites, by clicking the 'unsubscribe' link at the bottom of the email you receive, by emailing Customer Service at customerservice@water.com, or by contacting Customer Service at 1-800-728-5508.

Even if you opt out, we may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, or that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of DS Services, Site users or the public. Information collected through this Site, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets or acquisition.Our Site does not respond to do not track signals. 

### Correction of Information

The Sites give all registered Site visitors the opportunity to update or correct contact and billing information previously provided. You can assist DS Services™ to maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any change to your address, telephone number(s), email address(es) or any other information by sending a written request to us at DS Services of America, Inc., Attn: Customer Service, 4170 Tanners Creek Drive, Flowery Branch, GA 30542 specifying the information to be updated or corrected.

### The Security Of Your Information

We have instituted physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to store and maintain your Information [collected through the Sites] in a secure environment. For example, when highly confidential information, such as a credit card number, is transmitted through our website, it is encrypted by using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software. You may also be required to use a password to access certain pages on the Sites where certain types of Your Information can be changed or deleted. It is therefore important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. You take full responsibility for maintaining the complexity and confidentiality of your password. Furthermore, while we have implemented safeguards, you should be aware that Internet security technology rapidly changes. We cannot guarantee that the safeguards we employ today can protect Your Information from the threats of tomorrow. You should also be aware that despite our efforts, factors beyond our control may result in disclosure of personal information. Accordingly, we are not in a position to guarantee that your information will be secure under all circumstances.

### A Note About International Users

DS Services™ collects, processes and maintains your information in the United States, where privacy laws may not be as protective as in your home country. If you are using the Sites from outside of the United States, by providing personal information to us you are consenting to the transfer of the information to the United States for processing and maintaining in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.

### A Special Note About The Privacy Of Minors

Our Sites are designed and intended for use by adults over the age of 18. In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and fair information practices, DS Services™ will not knowingly collect personal information regarding children under the age of 13. DS Services has a mini-site relating to its Nursery Water products, the Nursery Water Fun Zone which provides activities which are intended for children under 5 years of age and their parents. No personal information is collected in the Nursery Water Fun Zone area.

### Changes To Our Privacy Policy

DS Services™ may update this policy from time to time as our information practices are modified or changed. If we make any material changes to this policy, we will notify you here. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
