> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sparebackup.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080618185434id_/http%3A//www.sparebackup.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

Spare Backup, Inc. ("SBI") is committed to protecting your privacy in handling personally identifiable information relating to you, your transactions with us, and the Services you use from us. This Privacy Statement describes the personally identifiable information we gather about you, what we do with it, the safeguards we have in place to protect it, and how you can control our use of it.

**What personally identifiable information does Spare Backup, Inc. request?**

SBI collects personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on our Website, complete an order to purchase, sign up for a user name and password to use one of our services, call us by telephone or send us a letter or email. This personally identifiable information may include your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, fax number, credit card number and expiration date, and other optional demographic information. In addition, when you choose to purchase our services via our Website, this information is used to verify your credit card information. You may browse our Website without supplying any personally identifiable information, but we will need to collect personally identifiable information to process your orders or to send you offers or information that you request.

**Does Spare Backup, Inc. use "cookies"?**

In order for you to use our Website, your computer must accept the use of cookies. A cookie is a small data file that is stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information and do not give us control over your computer. We use cookies to identify you when you return to our Website so we can make the user experience more enjoyable, and to track your activity on our Website. We also use cookie data when you have expressly requested to use our "Auto Login" feature, which automatically accesses user ID and password information and automatically logs you into our products and services.

**How does Spare Backup, Inc. use personally identifiable information about you?**

The personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide to us will be used to process your orders, and may be used to identify you within our systems. We may use your email address to contact you if we have questions about your order or service. We may also use your email address to notify you about new services or special promotional programs, or to send you offers or information. SBI will not disclose personally identifiable information about you to others except as disclosed in this Privacy Statement or as specifically authorized by you at the time the information is collected. We contract with third parties to provide specific products or services to you. For example, we use a credit card company to process credit card applications, issue credit, verify, bill, and collect payments when you make a purchase with a credit card; an outside shipping company to ship orders if applicable; outside direct mail and catalog vendors to provide customers with product and sales information; or to send emails to customers and prospective customers. These service providers are provided with only the information that they need to perform their functions and are required to agree not to use or disclose your personally identifiable information for other purposes without your authorization. We may also share your personally identifiable information within the SBI family of businesses. If we enter into marketing relationships with advertisers or other companies that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to SBI customers, we may share non-identifiable aggregated information with these companies, and, in addition, we may provide them with mailing address information so that they may extend offers to you. However, we will not disclose your email address, telephone number, or credit card account information without your consent. To make online shopping more convenient for you, our Website may provide access to other companies' Websites or co-branded Websites that may be designed to look similar to our Website; these sites are fully operated by the other company. If you request additional information or order products or services from one of the companies featured on our Website, that company may provide us with the information you have given to them (except in the case of credit application information, financial background or health information, which we do not receive from such featured companies). We are not responsible for the content appearing on these companies' Websites or for the privacy practices of these companies. We encourage you to read the privacy policy on the other company's Website if you have any concerns about how information may be collected or used. If you make a purchase or request a service from a featured company that you access through a frame on our Website, information relating to that transaction will be available to us as well as the featured company. We may use third-party advertising technology to serve ads when you visit our site and sites upon which we advertise. This technology uses information about your visits to the SBI Website and the sites upon which we advertise, (not including your name, address, or other personal information), to serve our ads to you. In the course of serving our advertisements to you, a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser. In addition, we may use Web beacons, provided by our ad serving partner, to help manage our online advertising. These Web beacons enable our ad server to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our site. This information we collect and share through this technology is not personally identifiable. We may share personally identifiable information with law enforcement or other entities as required by law or as we reasonably determine to be necessary to protect our rights or the rights of others, to prevent harm to persons or property, to fight fraud, or to enforce our Website terms and conditions. Personally identifiable information may be transferred as an asset in connection with a merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding) involving all or part of our businesses.

**Does Spare Backup, Inc. conduct special programs that use personally identifiable information?**

We occasionally conduct surveys, contests, or other promotional programs that involve the collection of personally identifiable information, and we may send promotional emails to such participants from time to time. Participation in these programs is completely voluntary, so that you have a choice whether to disclose the requested information without limiting your ability to place orders for products and services. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as gender, zip code, or age). Contact information will be used to notify participants of the outcome of such promotions. Survey information may be used or disclosed for purposes of monitoring or improving the performance of our retail, catalog, or Website operations. We generally do not collect information through our Website from children under age 18. If we conduct a special online program that is open to children, children under age 18 will be permitted to participate only with the consent of a parent or guardian or will otherwise be given the opportunity to participate without the need to provide personally identifying information.

**How is my personally identifiable information protected?**

We have implemented numerous safeguards designed to protect personally identifiable information, however, no system of security is impenetrable. Our databases are protected by physical, technical, and procedural measures that restrict information access to authorized persons in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Our information systems are maintained behind a secure firewall to isolate them from access by other networks connected to the Internet. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. When personally identifiable information is collected through our Website, the transmission is encrypted using industry-standard Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") technology, and sensitive information such as credit card numbers or account information is encrypted for further protection. Our Website is a "Secure Site" recognized by Revising®, a leading computer network security company. You also play a valuable part in security. Your password, user id and data encryption keys to access our Website and/or our Services should never be shared with anyone and should be changed frequently. After you have finished using our Website, you should log out and exit your browser to prevent unauthorized users from returning. If you believe that someone has improperly used personally identifiable information about you or has made purchases that you did not authorize, please contact us immediately.

**How can I limit the use and sharing of personally identifiable information about me?**

You may decline to receive promotional email from us. Every promotional email we send contains instructions and an Internet link to opt out of future email promotions. You may also opt-out of promotional emails by sending an email request to customer@sparebackup.com or by calling us at 760-340-4450. We reserve the right to change our data practices from time to time. The current Privacy Policy will always be posted online at our Website. If we revise our Privacy Statement, you may decline to permit us to use your personally identifiable information under the new policy by notifying us as described above. 

**Consent**

By using our Website, the user agrees to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Statement and the Site Terms of Use INCLUDING ALL LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES PROVISIONS which are an integral part hereof and the user consents to the collection and use of this information by SBI as disclosed in this Privacy Statement. 

**Copyright ©2006-2008 Spare Backup, Inc. All rights reserved.**

**This Privacy Policy was last revised on April 24, 2008.**
