> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sparkpeople.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-04-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090413031738id_/http%3A//sparkpeople.com/resource/motivation_articles.asp%3Fid%3D922) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SparkPeople Privacy Policy

  | 

###### \-- By SparkPeople Support

At SparkPeople and its subsidiaries, joint venturers, or other companies under common control with SparkPeople now or in the future (collectively, “Affiliates”), we respect your privacy and believe you should be informed about how we collect, use and disclose your Personal Information. This Privacy Policy describes our practices regarding how we use and share with third parties Personal Information (as defined below) that we collect on the Website. By visiting the SparkPeople.com website and any other URLs and websites administered by SparkPeople, Inc. and its Affiliates (collectively, the “Website”) that are offered by SparkPeople, Inc. and its Affiliates (collectively, “SparkPeople” or “we” or “us”) or otherwise submitting your Personal Information to us, you accept the practices described in this statement. The terms “you” and “user” as used herein refer to all individuals and/or entities accessing the Website for any reason. 

The Website may provide links or references to websites operated by third parties. Once you enter another website, please be aware that SparkPeople is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of each site that you visit through a link on our Website. 

**Terms of Use**  
Your use of the Website is subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”), so please read this policy and the Terms of Use before using the Website. All terms with initial capital letters used in this Privacy Policy but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Terms of Use. 

**Age Requirement**  
In order to use the Website you must be at least 18 years of age or the legal age to form a binding contract in your jurisdiction if that age is greater than 18 years of age. Please see the Terms of Use for additional information regarding this and other requirements regarding eligibility. 

**Personal Information**  
The term “Personal Information” means information that identifies you as an individual, including but not limited to your name, address, email address, telephone number, age, weight, gender, and interest in a particular health topic. We may ask you to submit Personal Information at various places on our Website, including by providing Registration Data, subscribing to a newsletter, or submitting feedback. SparkPeople also stores the information you enter about foods, activities, goals, and all other information collected in our online formsWe maintain lists of users and use the Personal Information on those lists to contact you or send you information you have requested or that we feel will be of interest to you. We may contact you via phone, email, or postal mail. We generally provide an option for you to choose not to receive these types of communications. However, even if you request not to be contacted by us, we reserve the right to use your contact information if we consider it necessary to send you information about the operation of the site, including information regarding the services you have signed up for on the Website or information about changes to our Privacy Policy. For more information about how to “opt-out” of receiving emails or third party offers, please click the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email sent to you by SparkPeople. 

SparkPeople encourages members to share information with other members of the SparkPeople online community. You have control over what information about yourself you choose to share on our site. When you use SparkPeople, information you choose to post or share with third parties (e.g., a fellow Team member or someone in your support group or community) such as personal information, comments, messages, photos, videos, or other information, may be viewed by other users and the general public. All such sharing of information is done at your own risk. Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information in your profile or when posting comments, messages, photos, videos, or other items, this information may become publicly available. 

**Opt-Out**  
If you do not want to receive special offers, marketing communications, newsletters or other promotional communications (“Marketing Communications”) from: (i) SparkPeople, (ii) our Affiliates, and/or (iii) our third party direct marketing partners, or you wish to prevent SparkPeople from sharing your personal information with third party direct marketing partners in the future, SparkPeople provides several ways for you to “opt-out” or withdraw your consent:   
(a) You may “opt-out” of Marketing Communications that you are already receiving from us, our Affiliates or our third party direct marketing partners by following the steps described in each such Marketing Communication.   
(b) With respect to your receipt of Marketing Communications from SparkPeople and our Affiliates, you may also send an e-mail to support@sparkpeople.com with a request to cease receipt of all such Marketing Communications. Please note that once we receive your request, it make take an additional period of time for such “opt-out” to become effective.   
(c) You may also send an e-mail to support@sparkpeople.com with a request for SparkPeople to cease all future sharing of your personal information with third party direct marketing partners. However, please note if SparkPeople has shared your personal information with any such third parties prior to its receipt of your request, SparkPeople may not have the ability to prevent such third parties from continuing to use and disclose your personal information, including for the purpose of sending Marketing Communications to you, and you will be required to contact such third parties directly to prevent their further use and disclosure of your personal information. 

**Non-Personally Identifying Information**  
We may also collect information automatically about the use of the Website, through, for example, “cookies” or “IP addresses” (as described below). SparkPeople also archives log files and uses non-personally identifying information in aggregate form to detect errors with the Website, identify security issues, build higher quality, more useful online services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of SparkPeople users, and measure demographics and interests in connection with specific areas of the Website. We may provide such statistical data to our advertisers, affiliates and other current and potential business partners. For example, we may inform these third parties as to the number of people who have seen and clicked on links to their websites. We also use such data to create a more enjoyable experience for our users, for example, to assist in selecting content and advertisers featured on specific channels, pages and site areas based on your general likes and dislikes. 

“Cookies” are small files websites place on your hard drive that allow websites to identify you. For example, if you allow a website to remember your login name or password, the website places a cookie on your computer. Cookies cannot read any other information on your hard drive. We may place cookies on your computer to allow us to identify you when you visit the Website. We may use cookies to measure Website traffic, to offer you certain services, or to customize your visit. However, if you do not wish to receive cookies, or want to be notified of when they are placed, your browser may permit you to do so. An “IP address” is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. In some cases your IP address stays the same from browser session to browser session; but if you use a consumer internet access provider, your IP address probably varies from session to session. 

**Use of Contractors and Service Providers**  
SparkPeople uses third parties (including contractors and service providers) to help with certain aspects of its operations, which may require disclosure of your Personal Information to them. For example, SparkPeople may use a third party to communicate with you (via telephone, email, or letter) about our services, to send information to you, to host the Website and related databases, and to perform other work that we may choose to outsource. SparkPeople requires these third parties to use your Personal Information only as necessary to perform the services they are asked to perform. 

The ads appearing on the Website are delivered to you by a third party. Information about your visits to the Website, such as the contents of articles you view, the number of times you have viewed an ad, and your age, weight, gender, goals and region may be used to tailor the ads that are served to you. SparkPeople does not share your name or email address with advertisers, unless you specifically select to share information to receive an offer. In the course of serving advertisements to the Website, third party advertisers may also place cookies on your computer. However, if you do not wish to receive cookies, or want to be notified of when they are placed, your browser may permit you to do so. For more information about how to “opt-out” of receiving emails or third party offers, please click the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email sent to you by SparkPeople. 

**Corporate Family**  
We may share some or all of your Personal Information with any current or future “affiliate” (which means a parent company, a subsidiary, joint venture, or other company that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with SparkPeople), in which case we will require the affiliate to honor this privacy policy. If another company acquires SparkPeople (or a business unit of SparkPeople that uses your Personal Information), the Personal Information collected by SparkPeople will be transferred to that company and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

**Security**  
We use a combination of multiple firewalls and multiple levels of physical security to protect the Personal Information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt your password when it is submitted to us in order to protect the Personal Information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. However, you should know that no company, including SparkPeople, can fully eliminate security or other risks associated with the possession of Personal Information. For example, we may be legally required to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login information and password. 

**Modifications to the Privacy Policy**  
We may make changes to the Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. We will post any such changes on the Website along with a notice on the Website that such changes have been made. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of such changes constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, or any revised versions thereof, you may not use the Website. 

**Queries**  
If you have a question or comment about the SparkPeople site or a request to correct or delete your Personal Information, please contact us at support@sparkpeople.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to fulfill your request in a timely manner. However, please be aware that even if SparkPeople deletes such Personal Information from its ‘live’ databases, such information may still be stored on other databases (including those kept for archival purposes). 

Last updated January 12, 2009 

  
|   |  | 
