> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sparkenergy.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2013-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131225091815id_/http%3A//www.sparkenergy.co.uk/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Spark Energy - Spark Energy - Gas and Electricity - Privacy Policy

Spark Energy is committed to the privacy of the users of our website and services, and we will not provide any information about you to any third-party, except in aggregate form. We will not provide user emails to any third party unless required to do so by law.

We may collect personal information, including email addresses, when individuals register to use the Spark Energy website and services, subscribe to feeds, tick feeds, or submit questions, comments or bug reports. We may also, from time to time, collect user IP addresses and information regarding users' use of our website and services.  
We may use such IP addresses for the purposes of diagnosing technical problems with our service, tracking activity within our website and, if necessary, denying service in accordance with our Terms of Service. We may also collect information related to the referring URL, access times and browser types of visitors to Spark Energy Unless required by law, we will not share our users' personal information, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and usage information, except in aggregate or anonymous form, with third parties.

Spark Energy reserves the right to modify all or some of this Privacy Policy at any time without notice. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will inform our users with a notice on our website detailing what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information only in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected, unless explicit authorisation from the appropriate user(s) to do otherwise is granted.
