> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wrex.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171212152532id_/http%3A//www.wrex.com/story/15534331/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - WREX.com – Rockford’s News Leader

**General**

This Privacy Policy explains the information we collect from you and what we do with that information. Please read this policy carefully. 

Quincy Media, Inc., its subsidiaries and this Station (collectively, “QMI”) offer a variety of services through our relationship with Frankly Media LLC (“Frankly”). These services include this web site (this “Web site”) or any of the online web services, mobile applications and services for location-enabled and other types of devices provided to you on, from or through this Web site or our mobile applications (collectively, the “Services”). **_Frankly is the host of this  Web site and gathers information from you through the Services_**. Certain third-party providers of tools utilized in the Services also gather information from you. QMI operates the television station associated with this Web site (the “Station”) and has access to some information gathered through the Services by Frankly and third-parties, as described below.  Frankly and QMI (also sometimes referred to as "we" or "us" or "our" below) understand your privacy is important and are committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. 

We collect information from members, visitors and users of the Services. This Privacy Policy governs your interaction with the Services, and your registration for and use of the Services.  Except as described in this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service (“Terms”) and/or other published guidelines, Frankly and QMI do not release personally identifiable information about the Service's members, visitors and users without their consent.

 **No children under 13: **The Services are not directed at or intended for use by children under 13 years old. You are required to provide a date of birth to register for this Web site. You are not permitted to register or use the Services if you are under 13. Please review our Terms for additional information.

 **Users outside the United States: **The Services are not targeted at users outside the U.S. Please be advised that if you are located in the European Union or another region with laws related to data collection, use and transfer that may differ from U.S. law, your personal information submitted through the Services and transferred to the U.S. may not have the same legal data protection as in your jurisdiction.

 **The information we gather**

Frankly and certain third-party providers of tools utilized in the Services gather two types of information about the users of the Services:

(1)  **Non-personally identifiable information:**  When you use the Services, Frankly may collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which hyperlinks were "clicked." Collecting such information involves the logging of IP addresses, operating system and browser software used by each user. Although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from the IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.

The non-personally identifiable information Frankly collects helps us diagnose problems with our server, administer the Services, identify the most popular areas or features of the Services, and determine the effectiveness of our promotional activities. In addition, Frankly and/or QMI (when QMI receives this information from Frankly) may disclose some of this information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have seen and/or clicked through their advertisements.

 _Cookies_ : The Services use "cookies"---that is, small text files placed on your computer's hard drive---to help us determine the type of content and sites to which you link, the length of time you spend at any particular area or feature of the Services, and your usage of the Services. Cookies also tell us which advertising you have seen on the Services.  Frankly has access to data collected by cookies, and QMI may have access to data collected through cookies. At certain times, Frankly may use outside (third-party) advertising companies to display advertisements on the Web site that may contain cookies ("banner ads"). These banner ads collect information stored by the outside advertising company and Frankly does not, and QMI does not, have access to this information.

Essentially, cookies are your identification cards for our computers, or servers, that placed them there. Cookies are only read by the server that placed them, and are unable to execute any code or virus. Cookies allow us to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience on the Services. Nevertheless, you are able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser or device. For more information on how to do so, please refer to the documentation accompanying your browser or device.

 _Beacons_ : The Services may also utilize an electronic file called a web beacon to count users who have visited a web page or recognize users by accessing certain cookies.  Frankly, our third-party suppliers and/or the web sites and services of third-party advertisers and merchants with which we have a relationship may use cookies and web beacons (a) for auditing purposes and to collect information from the web sites of certain advertisers or merchants; (b) to report anonymous individual and/or aggregate information about our users from such advertisers or merchants and (c) to collect general internet usage information over time regarding users of the Services.  Aggregate information may include demographic and usage information.  You may choose to opt-out by contacting Frankly at [info@franklymedia.com](mailto:info@franklymedia.com). Frankly has access to data collected by cookies and web beacons, but QMI does not have access to such data.

 _Google Analytics_ : This Web site uses Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to analyze how users use our Web site. We review aggregated data provided to us through Google Analytics to analyze website usage and improve our Web site. Google Analytics has its own privacy policy, located [here](https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/). By using our Web site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes described here and in the Google Analytics privacy policy.

 _Do Not Track_ : At this time, this Web site and the Services do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms and preferences, which may include "do not track" instructions.  However, you may adjust the privacy preferences of your browser, including the control of how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser or device.  For more information on how to do so, please refer to the documentation accompanying your browser or device.

(2)  **Personally identifiable information:**  Frankly and certain third-party providers of tools utilized in the Services collect personally identifiable information through voluntary submissions you make via the Services. Certain features of the Services and third-party tools utilized in the Services, such as surveys and contests as well as registration, may require that you provide personally identifiable information (including, for example, mailing address, zip code, gender, age, date of birth, income, phone number and e-mail address, and when applicable, credit card information). Frankly, as host of the Services, has access to this information. Frankly may share personally identifiable information with QMI, except that QMI does not receive or have access to credit card information that may be collected. 

In addition, when registering to set up an account to use certain aspects of the Services, such as e-mail, chat rooms/features, and forums, or to receive certain newsletters or specifically targeted information, we do require that you provide a valid e-mail address, date of birth and zip code. Additional personally identifiable information may also be voluntarily provided by you. Frankly, as host of the Services, has access to this information. Frankly shares email addresses with QMI, and may share other personally identifiable information with QMI.

In addition, Frankly may collect information about your location when you access any of our mobile applications.  If you do not enable the service to use your location information or if the app does not have that feature, we will not collect or store your location information. Frankly, as host of the Services, has access to this information. Frankly does not share location information with QMI.

 **How we use the information we gather**

Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways we use the information that we gather. 

(1)  **How we use and share non-personally identifiable information:**  Frankly and QMI use non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more effective and more useful Services by performing statistical analysis of the collective characteristics and behavior of the users of the Services, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas and features of the Services. Frankly and QMI provide statistical information based on this data to advertisers, affiliates, and other current and potential business partners. Frankly and QMI also use the aggregate data to inform these third parties as to the number of people who have seen and clicked on links to their web sites. 

(2)  **How we use and share personally identifiable information:  **We use and share personally identifiable information collected through the Services as follows. 

  * During the registration process or other interactions with the Services, you may choose to "opt in" to receiving promotional materials from us and/or our affiliates, advertisers, or other business partners and QMI. If you "opt in" to receiving such promotional materials, we and QMI reserve the right to release any personally identifiable registration information regarding you to third parties who provide goods or services that we believe may be of interest to you. Third-party providers of financial transaction tools may collect your credit card and other personally identifiable information through the Services if voluntarily provided by you, but QMI does not have access to your credit card information. Frankly will not release your credit card information to third parties unless necessary to complete a transaction between you and such a third party. If you decide that you would like to discontinue receiving promotional information from such third parties, please contact those third parties directly, or contact us at [privacy@quincymedia.com](mailto:privacy@quincymedia.com). 
  * QMI may use your e-mail address to deliver newsletters, alerts and other information requested by you. Frankly and QMI limit our own e-mail contact and solicitations to those customers who have "opted in" to receiving such communications. The solicitations are limited in that they, among other things, will clearly indicate the originator of the e-mail and provide the customer with a method of "opting out" of receiving future communications of a similar nature.
  * As our businesses change, Frankly may buy or sell various assets. In such cases, personally identifiable information about our users of our Services may be disclosed to the other party(ies) of the transaction. 
  * Your personal information in the possession of QMI may also be an asset of QMI’s business transferred to a third party in the event of a sale, merger or other business combination involving QMI.
  * Frankly sometimes uses demographic data to decide which advertisements and sponsor messages to show to which members. As an example, if Sponsor XYZ wishes to display their advertising only to female members of the Services, Frankly may use member registration data to ensure that Sponsor XYZ's ads are displayed only to female members. Please also see the section on Internet based advertising and IP targeting below.
  * Frankly may also use individual members' or users’ data to "pre-populate" forms, which are displayed for the purpose of collecting individual data by us and/or our sponsors. In no case does pre-populating a form transfer any data to any advertiser or third party. Only if the member voluntarily requests that such data be transferred will any transfer take place---for example, if/when a member clicks a "submit form" button or other button the data will be transferred.
  * Frankly may use information about your location when you access our mobile applications to provide location aware products or services and for advertising purposes, and if you submit video or images for the news, for news reporting purposes. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Frankly may provide your location information to third parties who provide goods or services that we believe may be of interest to you. 
  * QMI may use personal information provided by you on contest entry submissions to contact you in connection with the contest and/or prize. If and when Frankly or QMI sponsor promotions or sweepstakes, or third parties sponsor promotions or sweepstakes in conjunction with us or QMI, either we, QMI or the third party will post relevant privacy information in the official rules and/or registration area for the promotion or sweepstakes. That privacy information, to the extent it conflicts with this Privacy Policy, will govern that particular promotion or sweepstakes.
  * Frankly reserves the right to release any and all information contained within our access logs concerning any visitor or member when that visitor or member is in violation of our Terms or other published guidelines, or partakes (or is reasonably suspected of partaking) in any illegal activity, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order, and to release such information in response to discovery requests, or in response to any circumstance which we, in our sole discretion, deem an emergency. We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using the Services for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution. We also reserve the right to comply with subpoenas, warrants, and other court orders requesting information obtained or any information obtained or stored by us. 
  * QMI reserves the right to disclose your personal information in the possession of QMI: 1) to comply with a law, regulation, or other governmental request, for example, to comply with subpoenas, court orders, legal process, or requests by law enforcement or governmental entities; (2) to investigate or defend against third-party claims against QMI; (3) to detect, prevent, or investigate fraud or other illegal activity or to enforce the Terms; (4) to respond to a request by you to disclose the information; (5) with your knowledge and consent; and (6) to address emergencies or acts of god. QMI may share your personal information in its possession with third parties that perform services on QMI’s behalf (including cloud, web and/or server hosting services and providers of third-party tools used in the Services); QMI does not authorize such third parties to use your personal information except as necessary to provide services to QMI or for purposes authorized by QMI. 



**Interest based advertising and IP targeting:**  Frankly and QMI may work with data providers to serve advertising to you through display media or other methods. These providers may use personal information that we have collected or that you have provided to locate you online, such as when you visit or log in to websites or mobile applications. This information may be linked to online identifiers or IP addresses assigned to you, and to demographic or interest-based data, in order to target you with relevant advertising, including about our products or services. To learn more about or opt out of this and other interest-based advertising, please visit the industry opt-out pages operated by the DAA, at [http://www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/) and by the NAI at [http://networkadvertising.org](http://networkadvertising.org/).

 **Security**

No security system is impenetrable. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of any database that stores personally identifiable information in connection with the Services, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. Questions regarding this Privacy Policy related to Frankly should be directed to us at [Info@franklymedia.com](mailto:Info@franklymedia.com).

QMI has implemented commercially reasonable technical, physical, and administrative security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction of personal information collected through the Services that is in QMI’s possession.  However, QMI cannot and does not guarantee that your personal information will never be accessed by an unauthorized party or otherwise breached. Questions regarding this Privacy Policy related to QMI should be directed to [privacy@quincymedia.com](mailto:privacy@quincymedia.com).  

 **Retention of personal information by QMI**

 **QMI will retain your personal information collected through the Services that is in its possession for as long as QMI deems reasonably necessary or desirable, unless a different retention period is required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. QMI reserves the right to delete or destroy any such information at any time.**

 **Changing/deleting personal information**

If you would like to have your personally identifiable information changed or removed from Frankly’s database, please contact us at [Info@franklymedia.com](mailto:Info@franklymedia.com), and we will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. Keep in mind, however, that there will be residual information that will remain within our databases, access logs, and other records, which may or may not contain such personally identifiable information. The residual information will not be used for commercial purposes; however we reserve the right, from time to time, to recontact former customers or users of the Services.

If you wish to correct, update, amend, or delete/remove personal information that is provided through the Services and in QMI’s possession, you may contact QMI by email at [privacy@quincymedia.com](mailto:privacy@quincymedia.com). If the information is in QMI’s possession, QMI will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request.

 **Third parties and links**

Frankly and QMI do not control the acts of users of the Services. All users should be aware that, when they disclose personally identifiable information in a bulletin board, chat room, guestbook, or other forum, the information may be collected and used by others to send that person unsolicited e-mail from other parties outside of the Services, Frankly or QMI. In the event that you encounter any user of the Services who is improperly collecting or using information about you or other users, please contact [Info@franklymedia.com](mailto:Info@franklymedia.com).

The Services may contain links to other Internet web sites and services, including co-branded or other affiliated sites that may or may not be owned or operated by Frankly or by QMI. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, Frankly and QMI are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites or services, including their use of any information (such as IP number, browser type, or operating system) collected when users or visitors to the Services click through links to those sites. Even though such information might not identify you personally, Frankly and QMI strongly encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of those sites and services. Frankly and QMI encourage users to be aware when they leave this Web site or our Services.

Frankly and QMI cannot and do not assume any responsibility for any actions or omissions of third parties, including the manner in which they use information received either from us or independently. Nevertheless, in the event you encounter any third party associated with, or who claims association with, us who you feel is improperly collecting or using information about you, please contact [Info@franklymedia.com](mailto:Info@franklymedia.com); Frankly will make reasonable efforts to forward your message to the third party.

 **Questions? Contacts**

To contact Frankly about privacy issues or ask questions about this Privacy Policy, to report a violation of this Privacy Policy, or to raise any other issue regarding the Services, please e-mail us at [Info@franklymedia.com](mailto:info@franklymedia.com). QMI may be contacted [privacy@quincymedia.com](mailto:privacy@quincymedia.com) **.**

 **Updates**

Please note that we review these privacy practices from time to time, and that these practices are therefore subject to change. We ask that you periodically review this page to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of this Privacy Policy. The date at the bottom of this policy reflects the date of the most recent update. 

_Updated September 29, 2017_
