> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the peopleeasy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150529100603id_/http%3A//www.peopleeasy.com/t/privacyinfo) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy

Garg Enterprises is the licensed owner of the brand PeopleEasy and the website peopleeasy.com. Your use of the Website and any personal information you provide on the Website remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the PeopleEasy.com [Terms & Conditions](http://www.peopleeasy.com/t/conditionsofUse).

We respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy provides succinctly the manner your data is collected and used by Garg Enterprises on the Site. As a visitor to the Site you are advised to please read the Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing the services provided by the Site you agree to the collection and use of your data by Garg Enterprise in the manner provided in this Privacy Policy.

### REGISTRATION AND SECURITY

  * As part of our registration process we may collect the following personally identifiable information about you: name including first and last name, email address, mobile phone number, and contact details Postal code demographic profile (like your age, gender, occupation, education, address etc.) may also collect the following information: about the pages on our site you visit/access the links you click on our site the number of times you access the page.
  * You will be asked to create a password when you set up an account with us. You will be solely responsible for all activities and orders that occur on your account, so please ensure that you keep your password confidential and do not disclose it to anyone else. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your password, either you can change it from the website or notify us immediately by either by calling or though the contact us page.



### Links to other websites, advertising and sponsorship

We may provide links from time to time to third party websites. Such third parties are organizations with whom we have established relationships. If you use these links you will be leaving the Website, and entering sites operated by third parties who operate their own policies governing your use of their sites, and their use of your personal data. Whilst we aim to provide you with links to reputable websites, which we think, may be of interest to you, we have not reviewed such websites and have no control over them. We do not endorse or make any representations, whether as to quality, propriety or otherwise, about such websites or any of their contents or results that may be obtained by using them. Nor do we accept any liability for any issues arising in connection with the third party's use of your data, the website content or the services offers to you by these websites. The Website may contain advertising and sponsorship. Third party advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the Website complies with relevant laws and codes. We shall not be responsible for any error or inaccuracy in advertising and sponsorship material.

### How is the information used?

We may use your personal information to provide personalized features to you on the Site and to provide for promotional offers to you through the Site and other channels. We may also provide this information to its business associates and partners to get in touch with you when necessary to provide the services requested by you. We will use this information to preserve transaction history as governed by existing law or policy. We may also use contact information internally to direct its efforts for product improvement, to contact you as a survey respondent, to notify you if you win any contest; and to send you promotional materials from its contest sponsors or advertisers.

We will also use this information to serve various promotional and advertising materials to you via display advertisements through the Google Ad network on third party websites. You can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display network ads using the Ads Preferences Manager.

### With whom will your information be shared?

We will not use your financial information for any purpose other than to complete a transaction with you. We do not rent, sell or share your personal information and will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information to third parties. In cases where it has your permission to provide products or services you've requested and such information is necessary to provide these products or services the information may be shared with our business associates and partners. In addition we may use this information for promotional offers, to help investigate, prevent or take action regarding unlawful and illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threat to the safety or security of any person, violations of the Site’s terms of use or to defend against legal claims; special circumstances such as compliance with subpoenas, court orders, requests/order from legal authorities or law enforcement agencies requiring such disclosure. Choices are available to you regarding collection and distribution of your information? Supplying personally identifiable information is entirely voluntary. You are required to register with the Site in order to shop on the site. You may change your interests at any time and may opt-in or opt-out of any marketing / promotional / newsletters mailings. Garg Enterprise and the Site PeopleEasy.com reserve the right to send you certain service related communication, considered to be a part of your Site account without offering you the facility to opt-out. You may update your information and change your account settings at any time. Upon request, PeopleEasy will remove/block your personally identifiable information from its database, thereby cancelling your registration. See Contact information below to place such a request. However, your information may remain stored in archives on PeopleEasy’s servers even after the deletion or the termination of your account. If PeopleEasy plans to use your personally identifiable information for any commercial purposes, it will notify you at the time it collects that information and allow you to opt out of having your information used for those purposes. What security procedures are in place to protect information from loss, misuse or alteration? To protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under its control, Garg Enterprise has in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures. For example, our servers are accessible only to authorised personnel and your information is shared with employees and authorised personnel on a need to know basis to complete the transaction and to provide the services requested by you. Although we will endeavour to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. By using this site, you agree that Garg Enterprises will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission or unauthorised acts of third parties.

### Profile Alteration or Updation

To correct or update any information you have provided, the Site allows you to do it online. In the event of loss of access details you can send e-mail to: [support@peopleeasy.com](mailto:support@peopleeasy.com) Policy Updates. PeopleEasy reserves the right to change or update this policy at any time. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting to the Site.

### Contact Us

Garg Enterprise, Village Aghapur, Dadri Road, Near Tirupati Eye Center, Sector 41, Noida-201301 INDIA   
Email id: [customerservice@peopleeasy.com](mailto:customerservice@peopleeasy.com)
