> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the people.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-05-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20000520053740id_/http%3A//www.pathfinder.com/pathfinder/guide/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY

**Privacy Policy**

This web site is maintained by Time Inc. and/or an affiliate of Time Inc. (collectively, "Time Inc."), 1271 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY, 10020. 

This site collects no personally identifying information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. An adult user's personally identifying information will not be transferred to any third party unless otherwise stated at the time of collection. A user's personally identifying information may be used by Time Inc. for editorial purposes. Time Inc. may also use such information provided by adult users for promotional and marketing purposes. Individuals have the ability to stop their information from being used for marketing and promotional purposes by sending an e-mail request to Time Inc. at [no_promote@timeinc.net](mailto:no_promote@timeinc.net). Any personally identifying information collected by this site from children is used for editorial participation and feedback purposes, together with any other purposes that will be described where the information is collected, and will not be transferred to any third party. Many of the web sites maintained by Time Inc., including this one, place a "cookie" in the browser files of the user's computer. The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifying information. Although the cookie could enable Time Inc. to relate a user's use of this site to information that the user has specifically and knowingly provided, Time Inc. does not do so for any kids sites. Users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) on the bulletin boards or in the chat areas, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties. **KIDS:** Be sure to ask your parents for permission before you send any information about yourself to us or anyone else over the Internet. Users can send e-mail to us at [privacy@timeinc.net](mailto:privacy@timeinc.net) with any further questions.  Copyright © 2000 Time Inc. 
