> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the peopleschoice.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150627120335id_/http%3A//www.peopleschoice.com/pca/privacy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# People's Choice Awards: Fan Favorites in Movies, Music & TV - PeoplesChoice.com

Welcome! Thank you for visiting a People's Choice Award offering that is owned and operated by One Three Digital, LLC ("OTD," "we" or "us"). To help inform you, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the collection and use of information you submit or we collect through our website www.peopleschoice.com and our other related mobile websites, mobile OTD applications ("mobile apps"), services, tools, and other applications (collectively, the "Site"). The Cookies and Tracking Technologies Policy (available [here](http://www.peopleschoice.com/pca/tracking.jsp)) forms part of the Privacy Policy. 

### Contents & Summary

#### Last updated on November 21, 2014

| Scope and Consent | By using the Site you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal information and other information as described in this Privacy Policy. Your use of the Site is also governed by the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/pca/terms.jsp).   
---|---|---  
| Information Collection | We collect the following information when you use the Site.  
|  | (1) Registration and Account Information: When you create an account or profile on the Site, you voluntarily give us personal information.  
|  | (2) Information to Respond to Your Requests: You may also give us your personal information to sign up for our newsletters and other communications.  
|  | (3) Social Media Information: If you sign in to your OTD account through third-party social media sites like Facebook or Twitter, you agree to give us on-going access to your personal information and that of your friends.  
|  | (4) Information About the Friends You Invite to Join OTD: If you invite your friends to join OTD, you may give us their personal information.  
|  | (5) Information From Other Sources: We may, on occasion, combine information from outside sources to customize your experience on the Site.  
|  | (6) Information You Post on the Site: You may provide us with information regarding your personal beliefs, opinions, and background by completing a profile, or by posting recommendations, comments, or ratings on the Site.  
|  | (7) Mobile Information: We may collect additional information from you if you access our Site through a mobile device (e.g. your unique device identifier, your device's operating system, or the mobile carrier for your phone).  
|  | (8) Technical usage information: We use tracking technologies such as cookies and other similar technologies to measure usage. For more information about the use of cookies and similar technologies on our online services please review our [Tracking Technologies Policy](https://web.archive.org/pca/tracking.jsp)  
| Uses and Retention | We use information collected from you to operate our Site and contact you. Your information is retained for as long as we need it for our business.  
| Your Choices | You can control how and when you want to receive notifications from OTD on the Site or by following instructions within the notices.  
| Disclosure of Information | We may share your personal information and other information we collect with the following entities: (1) OTD and the rest of our corporate family; (2) our service providers; (3) other entities with your consent; (4) legal and law enforcement; (5) others if there is a change of control; (6) ad networks; (7) companies in the mobile app industry; and (8) social networks.   
| Tracking Technologies (Cookies) | We use tracking technologies (including cookies) to recognize you, protect your privacy, customize your experience on the Site, and target the content/advertising you see, including providing videos customized to your interests. You consent to our tracking of your video viewing through the Site or third party social media.  
| Access and review Options | You can review and edit your personal information by accessing your account on the Site.  
| California Privacy Rights | If you are a California resident, you may request information about our practices related to disclosing your personal information.  
| Third Parties | We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites that are linked to our Site.  
| Security | We protect your personal information using reasonable security measures.  
| Children's Privacy | The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13.  
| International Transfer | We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US.  
| Notification regarding updates | You agree that we may notify you about material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting notices on this Site.  
| Contact Us | For more information about our privacy practices, go to our full [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/pca/privacy.jsp) or send an email to [privacy@onethree.tv](mailto:privacy@onethree.tv).   
  
**1\. Scope and Consent** When you use the Site, you are contracting with OTD, located at 3000 Olympic Blvd. Building 1, Suite 2520, Santa Monica, CA 90404. If you reside outside of the United States, OTD is your data controller. By using the Site, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

**2\. Information We Collect**

**A. Registration and Account Information:** You can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information (i.e., name, email address, phone number, mobile telephone number and physical contact information) about yourself. If you register for an account with us, you choose to give us your personal information and are not anonymous to us. When you register an account, create a profile, purchase products, vote, or otherwise engage with our Site, you may provide personal information. Personal information is only associated with your account/profile when you sign in as a registered user. 

**B. Information to respond to your requests:** You may give us your personal information so we can send you newsletters and other communications you request. Details of how you can opt-out of receiving any communications from us are detailed in the section headed "Your Choices" below. 

**C. Social Media Information:** We may offer sign-on services that allow you to use third-party login credentials to access the Site. We also may offer services that allow you to share information with third-party social media websites such as Facebook, Google Plus, Twitter, and others. 

When you link your account or engage with our Site through third-party social media sites, you understand that you may be allowing us to have ongoing access to certain information stored on those social media sites (e.g., your public profile, friend list, people you follow or who follow you, your email address, birthday, work history, education history, interests, current city, religious and political views, website, personal description, and likes, and your friends' birthdays, education histories, personal descriptions and likes). We may also receive other information (e.g., content viewed and information about the advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on, etc.) from your interaction with our Site. You agree that we may share your video viewing with or obtain information about your video viewing from third-party social media sites for two years or until you withdraw consent. The information we have access to from the third-party social media websites varies by website and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website and by your consent. By associating an account managed by a third party with your OTD account and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, use, and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**D. Information About Others/Inviting Friends:** From time to time you may choose to submit personal information about other people to invite them to join OTD. Inviting friends is always optional and you are responsible for ensuring you have obtained their consent to share their personal information with us. 

**E. Information From Other Sources:** The information we collect may be combined with information from outside records (e.g., demographic information, navigation information, additional contact information) that we have acquired in accordance with the law. 

**F. Content You Post and Associate With Your Profile on the Site:** The community and posting sections of the Site give you an opportunity to provide us with information regarding your opinions and reviews of products. Also, your profile may contain a photograph or other information that identifies you. In addition, the content you post, votes you cast, and recommendations you make may provide information about your beliefs to us. 

**G. Mobile Information:** We may collect additional information from you if you access our Site through a mobile device (e.g. your unique device identifier, device's operating system, mobile carrier, location or GPS/geo-location, mobile number, your text messages, emails or email address, user name, call logs, contacts/address book, financial or payment information, web browsing history, apps downloaded or used, and stored information on your device such as video, audio, photos, calendar, dialer, microphone, your phone's name, biometric data, passwords, children's information political interests, sexual orientation, racial or ethnic origin, religious and philosophical beliefs, trade union membership). 

**H. Technical Usage Information:** When you visit our Site, we collect usage information sent to us by your computer, mobile, or other access device that tells us how you are using the Site ("usage information"). We use tracking technologies (including [cookies](https://web.archive.org/pca/tracking.jsp#def_cookie), [flash cookies](https://web.archive.org/pca/tracking.jsp#def_cookie), [web beacons/GIFs](https://web.archive.org/pca/tracking.jsp#def_beacon), [embedded scripts](https://web.archive.org/pca/tracking.jsp#def_scripts), [e-tags/cache browsers](https://web.archive.org/pca/tracking.jsp#def_etag)) to collect usage information. We may use tracking technologies for a variety of purposes, including: 

**Operationally-Necessary.** We may use tracking technologies required for system administration, to prevent fraudulent activity, improve security or allow you to make use of shopping cart functionality (if any). We are not required to obtain your consent to tracking technologies that are operationally necessary. 

**Analytics and Performance-Related.** We may use cookies or other tracking technologies to assess the performance of the online services, including as part of our analytic practices to improve the content offered through the online services. 

**Functionality-Related.** We may use tracking technologies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Site before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify the features in which you may have the greatest interest. 

**Targeting-Related.** We may use tracking technologies to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on our online service and third-party sites based on how you interact with our advertisements or content as well as track the content you access (including video viewing). Further information on this, and your opt-out choices, is below. 

We may also collect password information from you when you log in, as well as computer and/or connection information. During some visits we may use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, time spent on certain pages and page interaction information.

Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests, in order to better understand your interests and improve your experience of using the Site. To learn more about how we use tracking technologies and cookies, see Sections 7 and 8 of this [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/pca/privacy.jsp#comm_pref) and click [here](https://web.archive.org/pca/tracking.jsp). Your use of our services and Site indicates your consent to such use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies. 

**3\. Uses and Retention**

**A. Operate Our Site:** We use the information collected to (i) respond to your requests; (ii) provide customer service (e.g., to resolve disputes, problems with your account/profile or the Site); (iii) personalize your experience by providing content on the Site, including targeted advertising, that we believe may be of most interest to you; (iv) improve the Site; (v) give you information about your account; (v) allow you to participate in People's Choice Award voting; and (vi) provide you with a safe, efficient, and customized experience. 

**B. Analyze and Aggregate Non-Personal Information:** We use aggregate information about our users and non-personal information to analyze Site and user behavior and prepare aggregated reports. 

**C. Prevent Fraud:** We use information from the Site to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, and potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/pca/terms.jsp). 

**D. Communicate With You:** We use your information to contact you to maintain the Site, your account, or to comply with your stated communication preferences, or to provide other services requested by you, as described at the time when we collect the information from you, or to contact you for other purposes authorized by law. 

**E. Mobile Date:** When you access the Site on a mobile device, we may use the information collected for any purpose set forth in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content. 

We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations. You consent to our retention of your video viewing tracking data for as long as permissible under applicable law – up to one year after you close your account or otherwise withdraw consent for video tracking.

**4\. Your Choices** You can control how and when you want to receive notifications from OTD on the Site or by following instructions within the notices. For more information about third party ad servers and your ability to opt-out of targeted advertising from such third parties, please visit the [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) and/or the [Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/). 

**5\. Disclosure** Information collected on the Site may be shared with: 

The OTD Corporate Family and Procter & Gamble. We may share the information we collect about you with the OTD corporate family and their and our affiliates and subsidiaries, as well as with third party co-sponsors (e.g., Procter & Gamble) or suppliers. The information may be disclosed (i) to provide joint content and our services (e.g., registration, transactions, analytics and customer support); (ii) to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts, violations of our policies, fraud and/or data security breaches; and (iii) to guide decisions about our, OTD or third party's products, sites, applications, services, tools, and communications. Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications and you will have the opportunity to opt-out in email communications. Details of how you can opt-out of receiving any communications from us are detailed in the section headed "Your Choices" above. 

**A. Service Providers and Other Third Parties.** We may share your information with service providers under contract who help with our business operations (such as, but not limited to, fraud investigations, bill collection, payment processing, and [site analytics](https://web.archive.org/pca/tracking.jsp) and operations). These third-party service providers are prohibited from using your personal information for any purpose other than to provide these services and are required to protect personal information collected by them on behalf of us or shared with them by us and to comply with the general privacy principles described in this Privacy Policy. 

**B. Other Entities With Your Consent.** Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information (or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service). On the Site, you may have opportunities to express interest in or register for other services. If you do, we will provide information about you to those third parties, or parties working on their behalf, to implement your request. 

**C. Legal and Law Enforcement.** Law enforcement, governmental agencies, or authorized third parties, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other OTD user to legal liability. In such events, we will only disclose information relevant and necessary to the investigation or inquiry, such as name, city, state, province, ZIP code, postal code, telephone number, email address, user ID history, IP address, fraud complaints, and anything else we may deem relevant to the investigation. 

**D. Change of Control - New Owners.** Other business entities, should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity. Should such a combination occur, we will make reasonable efforts to request that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information. If your personal information would be used contrary to this policy, you will receive prior notice. 

**E. Ad Networks.** On the Site, we may work with third parties to serve advertisement, provide us with data collection, reporting, ad response measurement and site analytics and assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties may view, edit or set their own tracking technologies/cookies. The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this Privacy Policy. They might also obtain information about other applications that you have downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit and other information about you or your device in order to analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Site and elsewhere. For more information about third party ad servers at our Site and your ability to opt-out of targeted advertising from such third parties, please visit [About Ads](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/). 

**F. Companies In The Mobile App Industry.** If you access the Site through a mobile device or app, we may also share your information with Carriers, operating systems and platforms. 

**6\. Information You Share on the Site.** If you post information or content, such as by posting photos, commenting on a blog, or participating in online forums or communities, or when you interact with our Site through social media sites, plug-ins or other applications, depending upon your privacy settings, this information may become public on the Internet. We cannot prevent further use of this information. You can control what data you share through privacy settings available on some social media sites. Please refer to those third party sites' privacy policies and terms of use to learn more about their privacy practices, which we do not control. 

**7\. Communication Preferences and Marketing** We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent. We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize the Site. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can indicate your communications preference within the direct communication from us or through your account/profile settings. You may not opt-out of administrative emails (for example, emails about your transactions or policy changes) for your registered account. Details of how you can opt-out of receiving any communications from us are detailed in the section headed "Your Choices" above. 

**8\. Tracking Technologies (Cookies)** When you visit the Site, we and our business partners may use tracking technologies to enhance your online experience or customize our offerings. 

A few additional important things you should know about our use of tracking technologies (cookies):

  * We offer certain features that are available only through the use of tracking technologies.
  * We use both session and persistent tracking technologies. Tracking technologies (e.g., cookies) can either be persistent (i.e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser). You are always free to decline tracking technologies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of the Site. Refer to the help section of your browser, browser extensions, or installed applications for instructions on blocking, deleting, or disabling tracking technologies such as cookies.
  * We encode and protect the tracking technologies that OTD sets, so that only we can interpret the information stored in them
  * You may encounter tracking technologies/cookies from our third party service providers, that we have allowed on our site that assist us with various aspects of our web site operations and services, such as [Google Analytics](https://web.archive.org/pca/tracking.jsp#control). 
  * You also may encounter tracking technologies from third parties on certain pages of the websites that we do not control and have not authorized. (For example, if you view a web page created by another user, there may be a cookie placed by that web page).
  * We may target and track the videos you view on the Site. You consent to our tracking of your video viewing through the Site or third party social media for up to two years or as permitted by applicable law.



**9\. Accessing, Reviewing, and Changing Your Personal Information** Registered members can review and change personal information at any time by accessing their accounts on the Site. You should promptly update your personal information if it changes or becomes inaccurate. We may retain some information from closed accounts so that we can comply with law, prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve disputes, analyze or troubleshoot programs, enforce our Terms of Use, or take other actions permitted by law. Likewise if your account or membership is terminated or suspended, we may maintain some information to prevent re-registration. 

**10\. Notice to California Residents** Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which our online service has disclosed certain personal information (as defined by California law) during the preceding year for those third parties' direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us at [CaliforniaRequest@onethree.tv](mailto:CaliforniaRequest@onethree.tv). For all requests, you must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. In the body of your request, please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you. You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, mail, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information. 

California residents may also learn how OTD responds to Do Not Track signals. As the technology is evolving for recognizing and interpreting do not track signals, and no uniform standard has yet been set, we are not currently responding to Do Not Track signals but remain open to following the technological standards once those are issued.

**11\. Third Parties** Our Site may contain links to other third party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third party sites. 

**12\. Security** We store and process your information on our servers located in the United States and around the world. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. For more information about our policies and practices related to the use of foreign service providers, please contact us at [privacy@onethree.tv](mailto:privacy@onethree.tv). We maintain reasonable technical, physical, and administrative security measures to protect the security of your personal information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration. It is your responsibility to make sure that your personal information is accurate. 

**13\. Children's Privacy** The Site is a general audience site and it is not intended for children under the age of 13\. We do not knowingly collect personal information via our websites, applications, services, or tools from users in this age group. 

**14\. International Transfer** As we operate internationally, and many of our computer systems are currently based in the United States, your personal information may be processed in the U.S. and elsewhere where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you create an account/profile, you consent to the collection and/or processing in the United States of your personal information and tracking technologies/cookies as described in this Policy. 

**15\. Notification Regarding Updates** From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. You agree that we may notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a notice on the Site. You should check the Site frequently for updates. 

**16\. Contact Us** If your questions are not answered online, you may email us at privacy@onethree.tv or write to us at OTD: One Three Digital, 3000 Olympic Boulevard, Bldg. 1, Ste. 2520, Santa Monica, CA 90404, or using the contact us email [contact@onethree.tv](emailto:contact@onethree.tv) on the Site. 
