> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the peoplesearchnow.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191212121143id_/https%3A//www.peoplesearchnow.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for People Search Now

For record removal requests please [click here to start the removal process](https://web.archive.org/opt-out).

For all other requests please [click here to contact us](https://web.archive.org/contact).

Last Updated: June 4, 2018

This page summarizes the key highlights from our Privacy Policy. For more information, read our full Privacy Policy.   If you are currently located within the European Economic Area or Switzerland (collectively, the “EU”), this policy does not apply; instead please see our [EU Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/gdprprivacy).

**Personal information collected**

We collect information in the following ways:

  * When you register an account to become a user of our services, such as your name, e-mail, billing information and password
  * When you view and interact with our features, and functionality
  * Through cookies and other technologies we collect your IP address, device identifier, browser type, operating system, mobile carrier, and your ISP, and receive the URLs of sites from which you arrive or leave our Site, or sites that have embedded PeopleSearchNow platform technology that allow us to recognize you, customize your experience, and serve advertisements both on and off PeopleSearchNow Applications. Learn more about such technologies in our Privacy Policy. 
  * When you voluntarily interact with third party services available through PeopleSearchNow



**Uses of personal information**

We use the information you provide to:

  * Administer your account with us and customize the services we provide to you and other users
  * Create and distribute advertising relevant to your experience on PeopleSearchNow Applications
  * Send you promotional communications through email
  * For our internal business purposes, such as to analyze trends and statistics, for audits and to determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns
  * To protect the security or integrity of our PeopleSearchNow Applications and our business
  * To contact you if necessary regarding your transactions, your account, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies, and/or for other administrative purposes



**PEOPLESEARCHNOW'S PRIVACY POLICY**

Last Updated: September 14, 2017

PeopleSearchNow (“PeopleSearchNow”, "us", "our" or "we") who owns and controls the website found at [https://www.peoplesearchnow.com](https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/) has developed this Privacy Policy which details important information regarding the use and disclosure of user information collected on [https://www.peoplesearchnow.com](https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/), and any successor websites, (collectively, the “Site”), and other interactive properties, including but not limited to our mobile applications and mobile-focused websites (the Site and other PeopleSearchNow’ interactive properties are collectively referred to herein as the “PeopleSearchNow Applications"). This Privacy Policy also applies to our offline collection of information. PeopleSearchNow provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue to use the services provided by PeopleSearchNow ("Services").

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to our Terms of Use (“Terms”). By clicking your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use during the registration process on the Site you are entering into a legally binding agreement with PeopleSearchNow based upon the terms of these policies. Each time that you access PeopleSearchNow Applications or our Services you signify that you agree to be bound by the Terms and, this Privacy Policy, and acknowledge that we are not providing you with a consumer report, and agree that you will not use the information obtained from us for any purpose covered by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. §1681, et seq.). If you do not agree to the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the PeopleSearchNow Applications or Services.

**I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

Information Provided Directly by You To PeopleSearchNow

Registration Information. We will collect personal information from you if you register with us or subscribe to our Services ("Personal Information"). Any information you provide before registering with us is not associated with you individually and is not retained by PeopleSearchNow unless you register with us. When you register you are required to provide certain categories of information, such as name, e-mail address, billing information and a password.

Searching for people. When you are searching for people, you may enter third party personal information such as their name, address, phone, email or social security number. We only use the data you input to provide you with a search request. We retain the results of your search requests for a period of time at our discretion but do not use that information for any other purpose and have no obligation to maintain such search results.

Optional Information. At various other points during your visit to PeopleSearchNow, you may be asked to provide information about yourself. The use of other services which require the input of additional information is completely voluntary on your part. You have the choice about whether to disclose the information necessary to use these features of our PeopleSearchNow Applications.

Feedback. In addition, during your visit to our Site, you may be asked to provide feedback, ideas, suggestions, and/or proposals (“Feedback”) with regard to our products and services. Submission of Feedback is optional, although encouraged, as it allows PeopleSearchNow to better address our users’ needs and continuously work towards improving our products and services. By submitting your Feedback, you acknowledge and agree that (1) such Feedback does not contain confidential or proprietary information; (2) PeopleSearchNow shall be entitled to use or disclose (or choose not to disclose) any such Feedback for any purpose, in any way, in any media worldwide; (3) you irrevocably assign to PeopleSearchNow all rights to your Feedback; (4) PeopleSearchNow is not under any obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Feedback; and (5) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from PeopleSearchNow under any circumstances for submission of your Feedback.

In the case that you disclose personal information within your feedback, you may request that the Company remove this feedback. You may also choose not to provide feedback that might contain any personal information. 

Please Note:  
If you choose to provide feedback that includes personal information, and we post your feedback on this or any other site, we will not include any personal information in our post. 

Billing Information. While many products and services on our Site are provided free, some require payment from you by credit/debit card (“Billing Information”). We collect, and if you are purchasing a recurring billing subscription, we store Billing Information but this information is only shared with third parties who perform tasks required to verify and complete the purchase transaction. Examples of this include fulfilling orders and processing credit/debit cards.

User Generated Content. The Services may contain review or chat areas and/or other message, communication or other mechanisms designed to enable you to communicate with others or to post content on the Site (the “Communication Services”). Please remember that any information you disclose while participating with the Communication Services becomes public information, becomes the property of, and is subject to redistribution by, PeopleSearchNow. You should exercise caution and discretion when deciding to disclose your personal information in a submission or posting. There is no expectation of privacy when playing, posting, or otherwise participating on the Communication Services. If you post content, please be aware that any personal information contained in such content is accessible to registered users or visitors to that PeopleSearchNow Application or Communication Service and we have no control over how those users may use your personal information. You can request the removal of your personal information from these areas, by contacting us at <https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/contact>. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the communication services. We reserve the right to take action in connection with any content we deem to be inappropriate. Please review our terms of use for more information regarding your appropriate use of these communication services.

Job Applicants. If your personal information is submitted through our Site when applying for a position with our company, the information will be used solely in connection with considering and acting upon your application. We may retain your personal information for a period of time, but only for the purpose of considering your application for current or future available positions. This information may be shared with our partners and affiliates for the purpose of evaluating your qualifications for the particular position or other available positions, as well as with third-party service providers retained by us to collect, maintain and analyze candidate submissions for job postings.

Information Collected Through Technology and Advertising

In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to submit to us, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the PeopleSearchNow Applications (“Usage Information”), including the device used to access PeopleSearchNow Applications (“Device”), and the IP address or other unique identifier identified by that Device (“Device Identifier”). Your Device Identifier may also identify your regional location. This Usage Information is used for many purposes including, for example, to:

Provide useful features to simplify your experience when you return to PeopleSearchNow Applications; for example, remembering the searches you conducted Deliver relevant content based on your preferences, usage patterns and location Monitor and evaluate the use and operation of our PeopleSearchNow Applications Analyze traffic on our PeopleSearchNow Applications and on the sites and applications of third parties We may associate this tracking data with your registration account, in which case we will treat it as personal information. Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by PeopleSearchNow and our marketing and distribution partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. We use cookies to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference), and for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited. Third party service providers might combine information they collect from your interaction with PeopleSearchNow Applications with personal information they collect from other sources. We do not have access to, nor control over, third parties' use of tracking technologies. Service providers that collect tracking data on our behalf may provide an opportunity for you to choose not to be tracked online. If you choose to disable cookies on your Device, some features of the PeopleSearchNow Applications may not function properly. For instance, if cookies are disabled, you will not be able to log into our PeopleSearchNow Applications.

We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as Flash to store information. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 and Flash to collect and store information. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here: <http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118>

Analytics: Google Analytics Premium feature is enabled in PeopleSearchNow. Google Analytics will collect data about our traffic via [Google advertising cookies](https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/types/) and [anonymous identifiers](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/key-terms/#toc-terms-identifier), in addition to data collected through a standard Google Analytics implementation.

Information You Provide About a Third Party

If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit PeopleSearchNow. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and for tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may e-mail us by using our contact form located at <https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/contact> to request that we remove this information from our database. If that person registers with us, his/her information will be treated in the same manner as all other customers or registered users. Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on the PeopleSearchNow Applications, your e-mail address may be included in the communication sent to your friend. 

Information We Collect From Third Parties

We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically, such as information to validate or update your address, your billing information, or other demographic and lifestyle information. We use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect, to target our communications so that we can inform you of products, services and offers that may be of interest, and for internal business analysis or other business purposes. 

Advertising

Advertisers and third parties also may collect information about your activity on PeopleSearchNow Applications and on third-party sites and applications using tracking technologies. Tracking data collected by these advertisers and third parties is used to decide which ads you see both on our PeopleSearchNow Applications and on third-party sites and applications, but does not identify you personally and is not associated with your registration account. We do not have access to or control over information that may be collected by advertisers and third parties, but many ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other service providers may allow you to choose not to receive their targeted advertising. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by visiting <https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/opt-out>. Additionally, you may also opt-out specifically to rubicon project by visiting [ Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads. We adhere to the digital advertising alliance's self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising.](http://rubiconproject.com/privacy/consumer-online-profile-and-opt-out/)

[Advertising Opt-out  
As a consumer, you have choices as how PeopleSearchNow handles personal information related to your activities on the website. You have a choice to opt-out from the Digital Advertising data that is gathered during your visit by visiting ](http://rubiconproject.com/privacy/consumer-online-profile-and-opt-out/)<http://www.aboutads.info/choices/>. Please note your personal information content and advertising opt-out are handled differently and are separate activities initiated by the consumer.

If you wish to stop receiving promotional emails, you may opt out by accessing your account and updating your settings in "Email preferences", or clicking the Unsubscribe link found on the bottom of every promotional email we send. 

**II. HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION**

Use of Information by Us. We may use Information that we collect about you: (1) to provide you with information or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive; (2) to provide you with information regarding new features, products or services; (3) to improve the PeopleSearchNow Applications or our Services and to customize your experience; (4) to contact you with regard to your use of the PeopleSearchNow Applications and, in our discretion, changes to the PeopleSearchNow Applications and/or the PeopleSearchNow Applications’ policies; (5) for internal business purposes; (6) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information, and (7) as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.

Contacting You. When you provide us with information in connection with a particular activity or otherwise sign up for our Services or provide your contact information, including an email address or telephone number in connection with that activity, product or service, you agree that this action constitutes a purchase or inquiry establishing a business relationship with us. You expressly consent to our communicating with you about PeopleSearchNow using the information you provided to us. You also attest that you have the legal authority over any telephone number you provide to us and can provide us with the authorization to contact you. This means you may be contacted in person or by recorded message, by e-mail, telephone and/or mobile telephone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving.

Transactional Communications. We may send you notices from time to time relating to your account or your orders. These may include order confirmations, invoices or customer service notifications. We may also send you service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so; for instance, if our Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, or the delivery of a product is delayed or there is some service issue with something you may have ordered. You may not opt-out of receiving these communications, which are not promotional in nature. 

Service Providers. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the PeopleSearchNow Applications or administer activities on our behalf, such as processing payments. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes.

Electronic Promotional Offers. We may send you promotional emails regarding special offers about our Services. You may choose not to receive our promotional communications or opt out of our sharing information with third parties for marketing purposes by accessing "My Account" and updating your settings in “Email preferences”, or you may e-mail us by using our contact form located at <https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/contact>. You may also click the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email. You may also close your account. After unsubscribing or closing your account, we cannot guarantee that you will never receive another marketing mailing from us, because we may obtain your e-mail address in the future through a different e-mail marketing program that you have opted into. Unsubscribing from one marketing list will not automatically unsubscribe a user from all marketing lists. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional e-mails, we may continue to send you electronic service or transactional notifications that are related to your account(s), orders or other services you have requested, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. 

Co-branded Areas. Certain areas on our PeopleSearchNow Applications may be provided to you in association with third parties such as sponsors or advertisers which provide products and or services, (“Co-Branded Areas”). Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party. If you elect to register for the products and/or services provided at these Co-Branded Areas, you either will be providing your Personal Information to both us and the third party or we might be providing your Personal Information directly to the third party in order for that third party to fulfill their products and services directly with you. Your Personal Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy as well as the privacy policy and practices of such third party. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those third parties and we suggest you review the individual privacy policies of each company with whom you establish a relationship. You should consult the respective privacy policies of those third party sponsors or advertisers to learn more about their privacy practices.

Legal Matters; Safety. We may, without your consent, access and disclose your information, any communications sent or received by you (including, without limitation, the contents of any chat, messaging, or other communication posted in the Communication Services), and any other information that we may have about you or your account as may be permitted or required by law (including, but not limited to, court order or subpoena), or to prevent or investigate suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Use or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose your information and/or communications in situations that we believe to be: (i) emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat; or (ii) your conduct on the PeopleSearchNow Applications or when using the Communication Services that we believe is inappropriate and inconsistent with generally accepted norms of behavior.

Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets. In the event that we, or any of our businesses, are sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, personal information of our customers and visitors to our PeopleSearchNow Applications may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction. Information about our customers and registered users may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where we or any one of our businesses are seeking financing, investment, support, or funding. In such transactions, Personal Information will be subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy in effect when the information was obtained. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. 

Advertising and Analytics data collection: PeopleSearchNow and some third-party vendors use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) or other first-party identifiers, and third-party cookies (such as Google advertising cookies) or other third-party identifiers together to recognize you, customize your experience, and serve advertisements both on and off PeopleSearchNow Applications.

**III. ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION**

If for any reason you are concerned that the Personal Information or Billing Information you provided to us is not correct and you wish to change or delete it, you have the ability to review and update your personal information online by logging into your account, <https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/login>. You can also email us regarding your personal information by using our contact form located at [ If you change information in your account, we may still retain certain information associated with your account for analytical purposes and recordkeeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other policies, take actions we deem necessary due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our PeopleSearchNow Applications. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties' policies.](https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/contact)

[

**IV. CHOICE AND OPT OUT**

](https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/contact)

[Content Opt Out. Upon request we can block the records we have control over in our database from being shown on PeopleSearchNow. You can request for your personal information to be blocked from being searched using the link below. Unless otherwise required by law, we will only accept opt-out requests directly from the individual whose information is being opted-out and we reserve the right to require verification of identity and reject opt-out requests in our sole discretion. Of course we are unable to remove any information about you from databases operated by third parties. We do not accept opt-out requests via fax or mail. To manage or remove your public records from our database, please go to ](https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/contact)<https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/opt-out>. Please note that changes you request may not be effective immediately. Note that despite any request for removal of or change to personal information, we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed or changed. 

We are not obligated by law to block the records we have control over in our database from being shown on PeopleSearchNow. Despite this, we will endeavor to comply with any such requests to block the records we have control over as described above. Please note, we have no control over public records, and do not guarantee or warrant that a request for removal of or change to personal information as described above will result in removal of or change to all of your information from PeopleSearchNow. Further, we are not responsible for informing third parties (including without limitation our third party service providers or strategic partners) with whom we have already shared your personal information of any changes requested pursuant to this section, or for removing information from or causing information to be removed from the databases or records of such entities.

Advertising and Analytics Opt Out: You can opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features you use, including through Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means (for example, the NAI's consumer opt-out). You can also use Google Analytics' [currently available opt-outs](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/) for the web. 

**VI. IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES, PRACTICES AND CONTACT INFORMATION**

Links to other Site and Communities. To the extent hyperlinks may be utilized to access external or third party sites and communities, you should be aware that these external or third party site and communities are not controlled by us and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check the privacy policies of each such site and community to determine how your personal information will be utilized by their proprietors.

Testimonials. We may display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at <https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/contact>.

Public Directory. We will list you in our publicly accessible member directory. If you wish to request removal of your information from our directory, please go to [. ](https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/opt-out)

[

Social Media Features. Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

Security. No data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and your use of the Site indicates that you are willing to assume this. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). 

A Note To Users. The PeopleSearchNow Applications are operated in the United States. If you are located anywhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. By using the PeopleSearchNow Applications or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States. You are also consenting to the application of United States federal, and California state law in all matters concerning the Site and this Privacy Policy unless otherwise stated herein or subject to applicable law. 

Children's Privacy. The PeopleSearchNow Applications are intended for a general audience and are not directed or intended for children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under 18 years of age. If you are under 18 years of age, you should not register or provide Personal Information on the PeopleSearchNow Applications. If we later obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 18 years of age, we will take steps to remove that user’s Personal Information from our systems. 

Changes to the Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on our Site, with the "Effective Date" posted at the top of the Policy. We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new PeopleSearchNow Applications or Community Services or change existing ones. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your Personal Information, you will know because the Effective Date of the Privacy Policy will change and we will also notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. If we are going to use any Personal Information in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time we collected such information, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to consent to the change. If you do not consent, your Personal Information will be used as agreed to under the terms of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time we obtained that information. By accessing the PeopleSearchNow Applications after the Effective Date, you are deemed to consent to our then-current Privacy Policy. We will use information previously obtained in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect when the information was obtained from you.

Disputes. If you choose to visit the PeopleSearchNow Applications your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the laws of the United States, and the State of California.

No Rights of Third Parties. This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any Personal Information relating to users of the Site.

](https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/opt-out)

[Contacting Us. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of the PeopleSearchNow Applications and Community Services, please e-mail us by using our contact form located at ](https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/opt-out)<https://www.peoplesearchnow.com/contact> or write to us at:

Copyright ©2019 PeopleSearchNow, All rights reserved.
