> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the met.ie privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230101438id_/http%3A//www.met.ie/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement - Met Éireann - The Irish Meteorological Service Online

**Privacy Statement**

Website of Met Éireann - [contact us](https://web.archive.org/contactus/)

Met Éireann respects your right to privacy. Any personal information which you volunteer on this website will be treated with appropriate standards of security and confidentiality and in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003\. If you volunteer personal information in an e-mail or as an e-mail address in the form of an enquiry or comment the data will not be made available to any third party and will be used solely for the purpose for which it was intended.

Our Internet Service Provider collects technical details of site visits such as:

  * the IP address of the visitor’s web client
  * the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)
  * the previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used
  * clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded)
  * the type of web browser used by the website visitor.



This information is for statistical purposes only and none of it will be used to identify individual site visitors unless required to do so by law.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). This service uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how visitors to met.ie use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for Met Éireann, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website and allowing cookies to remain enabled, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes as set out above.

If, after supplying personal information, you require a copy of it or you wish to discuss, correct or delete it, you may write (including the personal details supplied via the website) to Head of Administration & Training, Met Éireann, Glasnevin Hill, Dublin 9. 
