> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the metal-head.org privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606014850id_/http%3A//www.metal-head.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Your Privacy**  
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.

All the music lyrics, guitar tabs and guitar chords are property and copyright of their owners, artists, labels and authors and are provided for educational purposes, read, view and private study only. Commercial using, copying, redistributing and printing is strictly prohibited. You are required to contact the authors, artists or labels if you want to use these lyrics for anything else but personal use.

We do not store any multimedia files on our server. We only index and link to content provided by other sites like Youtube. All the content provided is strictly for personal use and educational purposes only. 

**Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie**  
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.

To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html> Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.

Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, METAL-HEAD.org has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers. 

**Our Commitment To Childrens Privacy**  
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, METAL-HEAD.org will never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18.  
Under our Terms of Service, children under 18 are not allowed to access our service. 

**Links to third party Websites**  
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own. 

**Changes to this Privacy Statement**  
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion. 

If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of METAL-HEAD.org then you may contact us at contact@metal-head.org

METAL-HEAD.org is in compliance with 17 U.S.C. § 512 and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). We will respond to any infringement notices and take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable intellectual property laws. If your copyrighted material has been posted on our site and you want this material removed, please contact us. Please be aware that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) if you misrepresent information listed on our site that is infringing on your copyrights. We suggest that you first contact an attorney for legal assistance on this matter.

This policy was generated by Easy Privacy Policy Plugin [gutter repairs](http://gutterrepairs.toolazy.me.uk/ "gutter repairs") for WordPress.

Last updated Tue, 17 Jan 2012 12:22
