> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the metrolinktrains.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120624024918id_/http%3A//www.metrolinktrains.com/help/page/title/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Metrolink

The Southern California Regional Rail Authority (Metrolink) respects your privacy. The following describes our Privacy Policy in relation to the information that you submit through this website.

We may obtain personal information from you when you submit comments on Metrolink service, complete a survey, subscribe to an email newsletter, or participate in the Metrolink rider advisory panel. This personal information may be in the form of your name, email address, phone number, street address, etc. Metrolink or its contracted vendors do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to anyone, or disclose personal information. Metrolink may use your personal information to respond to your comments, process a transaction, contact you with information about this organization or other transit services or to perform research on our products or services.

Metrolink may also share this information with third party service providers whom it retains under contract or subcontract to provide services relating to the operation of this website, including but not limited to e-commerce services and computer programming, as well as storing and managing customer information, responding to customer comments, performing market research, processing customer transactions, and providing advice about and support of our products and services. These third party contractors may obtain, store and/or process your personal information on their own computer systems. Some of their work on behalf of Metrolink may involve contacting you directly using the information you have provided. They are required to identify themselves as representatives of Metrolink, and their contracts and subcontracts require them to treat your personal information confidentially.

  


#### Confidentiality and integrity of personal information collected through the Metrolink website

Metrolink is committed to protecting personal information collected through the Metrolink website against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Consequently, Metrolink takes measures to protect the privacy of information that you submit on this website. Metrolink limits access to personal information collected through the Metrolink website to only those employees and contractors who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties or contracted services. Metrolink employees and contractors who have access to this information are required to maintain its confidentiality and are not permitted to disclose or use it except as set forth in this policy.

Metrolink has implemented a number of security features throughout this site to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. For example, database information is kept separate from live servers and is firewall protected. Security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of the Metrolink website as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information. For website security purposes and to maintain the availability of the Metrolink website for all users, Metrolink employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage the website. Please be advised, however, that although Metrolink has taken steps to create a secure and reliable site for you, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from Metrolink via this site or e-mail cannot be guaranteed. When disclosing any personal information, you should remain mindful of the fact that it is potentially accessible to the public, and consequently, can be collected and used by others in unauthorized ways.

In addition to collecting personal information that you provide voluntarily, we also may automatically collect and store technical information about your visit to this site including: (1) the domain names or IP addresses assigned to your computer by your provider when you connect to the Internet; (2) the type of browser software and operating system used to access our site; (3) the date and time you access our site; and (4) the pages you visit on our site. This technical data collected will not personally identify you, but it may assist us in monitoring the use of our website.

Metrolink may compile statistical information regarding its ridership from personal information that it receives from this website or other sources. Metrolink may use this statistical information for purposes of improving its products and services, and it may provide this statistical information to our Member Agencies or other organizations. This statistical information cannot be used to identify you personally.

Some applications on this website may use cookies. Cookies are small data files that write to your hard drive if your browser is set to allow them. The only personal information that a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Metrolink may utilize cookies for the purpose of facilitating your use of our site and for tracking user traffic patterns in order to help us make improvements to the site. You can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, cookies may be required to use some of the web applications on Metrolink’s site.

We may provide links from this website to external sites maintained by other public agencies or by private organizations. You should be aware that these third-party websites are not controlled by Metrolink, and therefore are not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should review the privacy policies of these external sites to determine the risks associated with using these sites and making your personal information available to operators of these sites.

Because Metrolink is a public agency, information that you provide to us on this website may be subject to disclosure under the California Public Records Act. This means that if a member of the public requests this information, we are required to provide the information to the person requesting it unless it falls under one of the exceptions contained in the Public Records Act. Metrolink may also be required to disclose this information pursuant to some other law or a court order.

Metrolink may also disclose personal information to federal, state or local law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to Metrolink’s information technology assets or against other inappropriate use of the Metrolink website or other Metrolink property. 

You have the right to learn what personal information about you is contained in Metrolink’s records. If you want this information, contact us at 213-452-0225 and make a request for a copy of the information we have received online from you and have stored. If you believe this information is inaccurate or incomplete, you may provide us with verified accurate and complete information.

By accessing this website, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this policy.

Metrolink reserves its right to modify this policy from time to time without further notice. If we change our privacy policy, we will post the new privacy policy on our website. Therefore, we encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically, to learn of any changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to the terms of this policy will signify your acceptance of these changes.
