> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the camdenliving.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181225065131id_/https%3A//www.camdenliving.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | CamdenLiving.com

## Purpose of this Notice.

The purpose of this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is to inform you of how Camden Property Trust (“Camden”) and its family of companies, including its parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other related entities operating apartment complexes owned or managed by Camden, protect and use your non-public personal information.  We are committed to respecting your privacy rights.  Please read this policy carefully.  It gives you important information about how we handle your personal information. 

This Privacy Policy covers information practices of websites that link to this Privacy Policy, including camdenliving.com and any subdomains thereof (collectively, the “Sites”).  Websites that do not link to this Privacy Policy are covered by other privacy policies even if such websites are operated by or for Camden.  

This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 1, 2015, and has been developed with the recognition that applicable laws regarding privacy and personally identifying information, and the dissemination thereof, are evolving.  Accordingly, this Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time and Camden expressly reserves the right to modify the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time and in our reasonable discretion.  Your continued use of any website that links to this Privacy Policy following our posting of a change notice will constitute binding acceptance of this Privacy Policy and all changes thereto.

## Compliance with the Law.

We protect your privacy in accordance with the requirements of applicable state and federal laws and this Privacy Policy.  We will take commercially reasonable measures to ensure that the non-public personal information you submit to us remains private, and is used only for the purposes as set forth herein.  This Privacy Policy provides you with a notice of our privacy policies and practices informing you of the types of information that we collect from you and the persons or entities to whom your non-public personal information may be disclosed.  

## Non-Public Personal Information.

In the course of your use of the Sites, you may share non-public personal information about yourself with us in a number of ways.  You may provide non-public personal information to us on applications or other forms when communicating or transacting with us in writing, electronically, or by phone, and through requests for forms or literature in connection with your renting of a Camden apartment.  If you register to use certain services available through the Sites using login credentials from an account you have with a third-party, such as a Facebook or Google account, you give us express permission to receive data from such third party.  This non-public personal information may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, social security number, driver’s license number, bank account information, gender, marital status, employment history, income, assets, credit score, credit history, lines of credit information, property you currently own or rent, the size of your household, and date of birth (“Non-Public Personal Information”).

## Use of Non-Public Personal Information.

We may use your Non-Public Personal Information in connection with certain aspects of our business.  For example, we may use Non-Public Personal Information to contact you in response to your inquiries, comments and suggestions; to contact you otherwise when necessary; for the specific purpose for which it was volunteered (for example, to receive notice from us, etc.); to track our visitors’ use of the Site for internal market research; to improve the Sites and the services we promote or provide through the Sites or through other means; for special promotions, to customize the content and/or layout of our Sites for each individual visitor; to ask for your participation in brief surveys; to complete any purchases or other transactions you may perform through the Sites; to notify visitors about updates to the Sites or services; to notify you about promotions, special offers, etc., regarding products and services provided by us or one of our family of companies; to be provided to third party service providers on behalf of us; as required by law or regulation, or as requested by government authorities; in connection with an acquisition, merger, sale, or other transfer of all or any portion of our business; and for our internal business purposes or to otherwise manage your relationship with Camden.

We do not disclose your Non-Public Personal Information to third parties for their marketing purposes.

## Cookies.

In order to personalize and enhance your experience on our Sites, we also may collect information through “cookies.”  Cookies are small strings of text that are sent by our Sites to your browser and then stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive.  Our cookies allow us to personalize your experience on our Sites, make your visit more convenient, and understand how you and others are using our Sites so that we can improve your experience on the Sites.  We use cookies to identify repeat visitors to our Sites and to determine the paths visitors take on our Sites.  We also use cookies to determine whether you visited our Sites from a particular Internet link or advertisement.  Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but it is possible to change your browser setup so that it does not accept cookies.  However, not utilizing cookies may prevent you from using certain functions and features of the Sites. 

Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our Sites.  Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the Sites and customize your online experience, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy.  Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites.  Our services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we may collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Sites and after you leave the Sites.  Do Not Track signals are set on a browser-by-browser basis, so you must set them on every browser you use if you do not wish to be tracked.  Remember that this is just our Do Not Track policy, and we can’t and don’t make any promises about how third parties react when you set this signal on your browser.

## Third Party Analytics Services.

We may use third party analytics services. Currently, we use the analytics services of Mixpanel, Inc. and Lucky Orange.

Mixpanel’s analytics services allow us to learn how you use our services by giving us the ability to collect information based on your interaction with our services. Mixpanel does this in part using a first party cookie placed on your device from Mixpanel’s server. Some information is automatically collected from or about you when you use our services. The Mixpanel analytics services may also by default collect the following from your usage of our services: the time of an event, how you came to the Sites, what search engine and search keywords you may have used to get to our Sites, information about the device you are on such as your operating system, and browser, as well as your city/country location, and tokens and IDs for push notifications. In addition, Mixpanel may collect on our behalf data such as your IP addresses, user names, real names, email addresses and other custom properties. The emails we send to you through Mixpanel’s services may contain web beacons to track on our behalf when you open and act upon such emails.

You can opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data collected through your browser while on web properties or web sites that have Mixpanel’s services integrated by clicking [www.mixpanel.com/optout/](http://www.mixpanel.com/optout/). To track opt-outs Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your devices. If you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter your browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers) you may also clear the Mixpanel opt-out cookie, and you will need to revisit the opt-out page. Note that Mixpanel’s opt-out cookies will not prevent data from being sent from our servers to Mixpanel, nor will it prevent any other data collection methods. For more information on Mixpanel’s privacy practices, please refer to their privacy policy located at <https://mixpanel.com/privacy/>.

The Lucky Orange analytics system helps improve usability and the customer experience on our Sites. Lucky Orange may record mouse clicks, mouse movements and scrolling activity. Lucky Orange may record keystroke information that you voluntarily enter on this Site. You can choose to disable the Lucky Orange Service by clicking on the opt-out option at <http://www.luckyorange.com/privacy.php>.

## Confidentiality.

We treat Non-Public Personal Information as confidential and recognize the importance of protecting access to it.  We restrict access to Non-Public Personal Information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you.  We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your Non-Public Personal Information.  While our security measures are intended to protect your Non-Public Personal Information, the complete security of any transmission over the public internet cannot be guaranteed.

## Sharing Non-Public Personal Information.

We may share Non-Public Personal Information within the Camden family of companies to best meet your needs, but we do not disclose Non-Public Personal Information about you with third parties unless necessary for user authentication or as otherwise permitted by you or by law.

## How to Contact Us.

Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at [privacy@camdenliving.com](mailto:privacy@camdenliving.com).  Please note:  only inquiries regarding our Privacy Policy can be answered via this address.

## Consent.

By using this Site, you consent to our collection and use of Non-Public Personal Information.  We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy from time to time.  The amended Privacy Policy will be effective upon posting on the Site.  Your continued use of the Sites and/or services means that you agree to the revised Privacy Policy and our use of your Non-Public Personal Information in accordance with the revised policy.  We may, but are under no legal obligation to, provide you notice of such modifications to this Privacy Policy via email or other communication.  Your provision of Non-Public Personal Information through the Sites constitutes your affirmative consent that we may contact you by email to provide you with information and notices relating to the property where you reside, and various services available to you at or through that property.

You may choose to opt out of receiving future commercial email messages from us.  Each mass commercial email sent by us contains a link with instructions on how to remove yourself from our email list.  Please note that if you are a current resident of one of our communities, and you opt out of receiving commercial email from us, you will continue to receive email from us regarding operational issues surrounding your apartment, your lease, and/or your community.

## OUR DOORS ARE OPEN

At Camden, taking care of people has always been our highest priority. As an equal housing opportunity company, Camden provides housing opportunities to all persons, regardless of their race, color, national origin, religion, sex, physical or mental disability, familial status, or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law. Camden endeavors to create and offer unique housing options that appeal to a wide range of home seekers. We provide multifamily homes for nearly 100,000 people, and all of our homes are available on an equal opportunity basis. Camden treats every resident in every community with respect, and provides Living Excellence for all. We hope that you will choose to call one of our beautiful Camden communities home.
