> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cameltap.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-09-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170913010212id_/http%3A//www.mywall.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | mywall.com

## Privacy Statement

Thank you for visiting our website and we would like you to become familiar with our Online Privacy Statement Principles.

The general rule at MyWall.com is that the protection of your privacy is of the highest importance. Therefore we adhere to all legal provisions concerning the protection of data. Furthermore, it is important to us that you always know which details we are saving and how we use them.

  1. MyWall.com uses the data provided by the clients (e.g. title, name, address, E-Mail, phone number, fax number, bank details, credit card numbers) in accordance with the regulations of the german data protection law. MyWall.com automatically collects and stores information in server logfiles which your browser provides us with, namely: 
    * the browser type, the browser version
    * the operating system used
    * the referrer URL (the site previously visited)
    * the host name of the accessing computer (IP address)
    * the time of server enquiry.
This information is to be associated with any person, not specified by MyWall.com. A combination of this data with other data sources will not be made and the data will be deleted after statistic evaluation. 
  2. You can use your browser settings to decide whether to block cookies or display a warning that they are being used. We will only collect personal data on public websites to be processed and used if you voluntarily decide to allow this or if you have expressly consented to it. We would like to explain the different purposes.  
You can visit our website without giving any personal information. We only store access data that is not personally identifiable, such as the name of your Internet service provider, the web page you have come from to visit our website, or the duration of the visit. This data is assessed exclusively for the purpose of improving our services and cannot be traced back to you. Personal data is collected only when you have provided us with it in connection with an order placed by you. We use the data that you have provided exclusively for the purpose of fulfilling and processing your order. All personal data supplied by the customer are not made available to third parties without the written consent of the customer, except if required by law or governmental decree. 
  3. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of the Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "Cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and which allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie concerning your use of this website (including your IP address) will be passed on to a Google server in the USA and saved there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to produce reports on website activities for their operators, and to provide other services related to the use of the website and of the Internet. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Under no circumstances will Google use your IP Address in connection with other data from Google. You can prevent the installation of the cookies by appropriately setting your browser software; we do however warn you that in this case you may not be able to receive all functions of this website in their entirety. Through the use of this website, you express your consent to the processing of data collected by Google about you in the manner described above and for the purposes previously mentioned. You can disagree with the data collection and storage through Google Analytics any time with an effect for the future by downloading a browser add-on to deactivate Google Analytics and install it on your browser. The deactivation add-on can be found here <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en> Through the use of this website, you express your consent to the processing of data collected by Google about you in the manner described above and for the purposes previously mentioned. Source: Nr. 8.1. of General Business Conditions from Google Analytics <http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html>
  4. We use Cookies on different sites in order to make our website more attractive to visitors and to enable the use of certain functions. The matter in this case concerns small text data files, which will be filed on your computer. Most of the cookies we employ will removed from your hard drive again once the browsing session has been ended (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your computer and enable us to recognize your computer during your next visit (so-called permanent cookies). Our partner companies are not allowed to collect, process or use personal data required by means of cookies via our website.   

  5. Our website uses social plugins ("plugins") from the social network [ facebook.com ](http://www.facebook.com/) which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). The Plugins are marked with the Logo of Facebook or are marked with the additional text "Facebook social plugin". Our Plugin is marked with a "Thumbs up" ("Like" Button). The Plugins can be viewed here: [http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/ ](http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/)  
If you call up one of our internet website pages which has a plugin of this kind, your browser sets up a direct link to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transmitted by Facebook directly to your browser and integrated by it into the website.  
Through the integration of plugins, Facebook obtains the information that you have called up the relevant page on our website. If you are logged on your Facebook-Account, Facebook can assign your visit to your Facebook-Account. If you interact with the plugins, for example, if you activate the "Like" button or enter a comment, the corresponding information will be transmitted directly from your browser to Facebook and saved there.  
To learn more about the purpose and extent of data collection, processing and the use of this data by Facebook as well as all your relevant rights and the settings available for the protection of your privacy, please see [ Facebook's privacy policy. ](http://www.facebook.com/policy.php)  
If you do not wish for Facebook to collect your Data via our website, you should log out of your Facebook account before visiting our website.  
We use the live chat tool offered by Olark by Habla, Inc., 245 Ramona St., Palo Alto, CA 94301. With this tool, visitors to our website chat with the MyWall.com-team and receive direct answers to their questions. For further details on Olark's handling of your personal data please refer to the privacy policy of [Olark](https://www.olark.com/pages/tos). 
  6. If you wish to receive the newsletter offered on the website, we need you to provide a valid email address plus information allowing us to check that you are the owner of the email address provided or that the owner of the email address is in agreement with the receipt of the newsletter. No further Data will be required. We use your personal data to process your order and for our own promotional purposes. You can cancel the use of your personal data for promotional purposes at any time for single instances or overall without any costs except the basic transmission costs. A written note to unsubscribe@mywall.com or the contact data provided in the imprint (fax, letter) will suffice for that purpose.  

  7. Marketing Emails (without subscription) In case you did not disagree in the order process, we will send you product information of MyWall.com, and their affiliated companies to the provided email address. No further data will be required. We use your personal data to process your order and for our own promotional purposes.You can cancel the use of your personal data for promotional purposes at any time for single instances or overall without any costs except the basic transmission costs. A written note to unsubscribe@mywall.com or the contact data provided in the imprint (fax, letter) will suffice for that purpose. 
  8. Your personal data will only be used for our internal purposes and will not be forwarded to third party companies other than named in paragraph 8. Our service providers are excluded from this, because your personal data is needed to process your order (e.g. the company delivering your order and the relevant commercial bank commissioning your payment). In these cases, we assure that the use of your data is set to an absolute minimum. 
  9. Your trust is important to us. Therefore, we will gladly answer your questions regarding the processing of your personal data. If you have any questions and the answer could not be found in this Privacy Statement or you wish to receive more in-depth information, please contact MyWall.com anytime – info-us@mywall.com   
Customer Service Number: 1-844-621-2781  
Operating Hours: 9am-5pm EST, Monday to Friday 
  10. We save the Text of the Contract and send you the order details and our General Business Conditions via E-Mail. You can read the General Business Conditions anytime on www.mywall.com/terms-conditions. For reasons of security your order details are no longer availiable via the internet. 



Copyright 2015 - © Picanova.com (DBA), 3443 NW 107th Street, Miami, FL 33167. All rights reserved.
