> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the campaignmoney.org privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160628193340id_/http%3A//everyvoice.org/about-us/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Every Voice

Your privacy is very important to us. Every Voice and Every Voice Action do not automatically collect personal information. If you choose to give either organization your name, address, phone number, or issues of interest, we may store this information to keep you posted on relevant activities.

Except as noted below, we do not enable cookies or use other software or hardware techniques to collect personal information on visitors to our site without their knowledge. We log IP addresses, or the location of your computer or network on the Internet for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. We also use IP addresses in the aggregate to track which pages people visit in order to improve the quality of the site. We do not use these data to develop profiles of individual visitors to our Web site. There is no personal information collected in our automated log files. We evaluate site usage by analyzing user information in the aggregate, but this analysis does not identify any individual user.

**When you contact us for information:**  We maintain some records of individuals who contact us for information in case we need to contact them later or provide further information. However, except as specified in this Privacy Policy, we do not provide this information to anyone else unless you give us your permission or unless disclosure is compelled by law. Every Voice and Every Voice Action will share your contact information with each other, as well as Every Voice Center, a group with which we have an on-going close relationship with. We will not sell your contact information to any commercial vendor.

**When you log-in to Every Voice:  **If you become a subscriber to Every Voice and/or Every Voice Action or browse our web page, a session cookie is created on your computer each time that you log-in to enhance your experience while using our site. Cookies are pieces of information that some web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that web site. Use of cookies makes web surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the site.

Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function properly when you view them.

**When you sign up for one of our mailing lists:**  If you provide an email address or other information in order to receive updates or news about Every Voice and/or Every Voice Action’s activities, we use this information to notify you about issues and opportunities. With the exception of possibly sharing your information with our close partner, Every Voice Center, we keep the information that you give us to sign up for these notices confidential. Neither Every Voice nor Every Voice Action sells, rents, exchanges, or otherwise discloses to any other third party information that is provided by visitors who request that they be added to our email lists. If you change your mind at any time, you can always remove your name from our email list. In the event you wish to update or delete an email address that you have provided to us, please contact [info@everyvoice.org](mailto:info@everyvoice.org) to make those changes.

**When you make purchases:**  If you provide information to purchase a publication, report or other materials, we use the information that we collect to process payments and shipping. This information is not made available to any third parties except as necessary to process payments or ship products. Your shipping and contact information is kept on file in case you choose to make additional purchases but will not be used in any other way.

**When you contribute money online:**  If you choose to support Every Voice or Every Voice Action financially, which we deeply appreciate, we use the information collected from you to process payments. Personal information may be shared with third party service providers (e.g. merchant banks) during this process. If you become a financial supporter of Every Voice or Every Voice Action, your contact information will be added to the applicable organization’s membership list, both of which are occasionally exchanged with other similar organizations. Members may opt out of such membership list disclosures by contacting info@everyvoice.org.

**When you take action:**  If you choose to take action through our website (e.g. send a fax or email to a member of Congress or a local elected official), we use the information collected from you to personalize the letter and may contact you in the future on similar issues. We do not disclose it as part of a list to third parties other than Every Voice Center.

**Information Security:  **Every Voice and Every Voice Action consider the protection of all personal information we receive from our Web site visitors and subscribers important. We restrict access to personal information to appropriate Every Voice and Every Voice Action staff and outside information technology consultants only as necessary to operate, develop, or improve our web services. Please be assured that we have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of any personal information we receive from you, including protection against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. We encrypt all credit card information that is submitted using the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol _._

_If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website,_ _notify everyone of these changes, and provide you with the ability to opt out of any new uses. While we do not anticipate any changes to this privacy policy, you should check back at our website periodically._

If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us at our email address, [info@everyvoice.org](mailto:info@everyvoice.org)

Every Voice is a non-profit, nonpartisan 501(c)(4) organization. It has an on-going relationship with Every Voice Center, a non-profit, nonpartisan 501(c)(3) charitable organization and Every Voice Action, a non-connected political committee.

Every Voice, Every Voice Action, and Every Voice Center all have a firm commitment to internet privacy.
