> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the indads.in privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191209174432id_/https%3A//www.indads.in/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Free classifieds in India - free classified ads

  


## Type of Information Collected:

When you visit the Website, we may collect certain non-personal information such as your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, operating system, browser type, and Internet service provider. This type of information does not identify you personally. When you register with the Website, we may also collect personal information that you provide such as your name, mailing address, email address, home country, and zip code (“Registration Information”). You have the option of also providing to us your phone and fax numbers, gender, age, and/or company name if you choose to register with indads.in. If you provide your phone number, it will be displayed in your posting. We may also collect additional information that our users provide, such as new or deleted postings, new or deleted comments, keyword searches, scam reports and new contact sellers. We use a third party credit card processing company for purchases, and other third party companies to monitor site traffic, which may in some instances store your information (see Section C below). **By using this Website or the Service, you consent to collection, storage, and use of the personal information you provide for any of the Services that we offer, and you consent to our collection of any changes or updates that you may provide to any information you provide that is collected by indads.in.**

## Cookies

We may use cookies to manage our users’ sessions and to store preferences, tracking information, and language selection. Cookies may be used whether you register with us or not. “Cookies” are small text files transferred by a web server to your hard drive and thereafter stored on your computer. The types of information a cookie collects include the date and time you visited, your browsing history, your preferences, and your username. In some instances, our third party service providers may use cookies on the Website. We cannot control or access cookies used by third party service providers. These Terms cover only cookies used by us, and not any cookies used by third parties. You have the ability to either accept or decline the use of cookies on your computer, whether you are registered with us or not. Typically, you can configure your browser to not accept cookies. However, declining the use of cookies may limit your access to certain features of the Website. For example, you may have difficulty logging in or using certain interactive features of the Website such as the indads.in Forum or Comments feature. 

## Third Parties

We use third party service providers to process purchases you make and to monitor our users’ interests. In addition, the Website may occasionally contain links to Third Party Sites. If you click on the links to Third Party Websites, you leave the Website. We are not responsible for the content or the security of your personal information when using the third party services providers or when using the Third Party Websites. These third party service providers and Third Party Sites may have their own privacy policies governing the storage and retention of your personal information that you may be subject to. They may collect information such as your IP address, browser specification, or operating system. These Terms do not govern personal information provided to, stored on, or used by these third party providers and Third Party Sites. We recommend that when you enter a Third Party Site, you review the Third Party Site’s privacy policy as it relates to safeguarding your personal information. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to the Website and Third Party Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. On the Website, Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads. Google's use of the DoubleClick DART cookie enables it to serve ads to the Website’s users based on their visit to the Websites and other Third Party Websites. For more information on the DART cookie see: <http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/faq.aspx>. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by Google by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network Privacy Policy at: <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html>. You may opt out of targeting advertising for all NAI member ad networks by visiting: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/>. By publishing an ad on the Website, you acknowledge and agree that the Content is public and accessible by any third party and that they may appear in search engine results (such as Yahoo!, MSN, Google, Altavista, and other search engines) and in the cache of those search engines, in feeds and Third Party Websites pursuant to cobranding agreements, and that it is the sole responsibility of each of those search engines, Third Party Websites or RSS web feed resources to update and/or to remove Content from their indexes and their cache. You agree and acknowledge that indads.in is not be liable for the information published in search results or by any Third Party Website that carries indads.in postings. 

## How Your Information is Used

We may use information provided by you to: Enforce our Terms of Use Monitor user activity, such as keyword searches or new postings, to more effectively manage traffic on the Website. Provide customer services Create and manage user accounts Assist you with technical difficulties Also, we may share certain information, such as your browser capabilities or operating system, that we have collected with third party service providers in order to better understand which advertisements and services may interest you. We may block users located in certain countries from using the Website. We may retain such information for as long as is required to fulfill our business objective, even after your account is terminated. 

## Protecting Your Personal Information

You are a valued customer, and we recognize that protecting your privacy is important to you. For this reason, we are committed to protecting the personal information you provide in a variety of ways. We do not directly process any payments and do not store your credit card information. Secured socket layer (“SSL”) technology is used for processing payment transactions with third party service provider partners. Your registration information may be protected by a unique customer password and user ID. You should not disclose your password information to anyone and you should always remember to log off if using a shared computer. Lastly, you may utilize the Website as an anonymous user by not registering. We keep information related to the Service and the Website in a database located in the United States. By providing us with your personal information and using the Website, you are consenting to any such transfer of information outside of your home country. By visiting the Website and providing us with information and data, you acknowledge and agree that due to the international dimension of indads.in we may use such information and data provided by you and collected in the course of our relationship for the purposes identified in these Terms or in our other communications with you, including the transmission of information outside your resident jurisdiction. We have taken certain security protections in safeguarding your personal information. However, as with most electronic transactions, no method is 100% safe. While we strive to use a commercially acceptable means to protect the personal information you provide, we cannot guarantee its security. Therefore, you acknowledge and agree that we assume no liability regarding the theft, loss, alteration or misuse of personal or other information or Content, including without limitation such information that has been provided to third parties or other users, or with regards to the failure of a third party to abide by the Terms or an agreement between us and a third party. You may participate in our Forum or utilize our Comments feature. For postings to the Forum, your username will be posted. For postings using the Comments feature, your name and email will only be posted if you provide it in the comment. We strongly discourage posting any information on these features or in any Content posted by you that you do not want others to see. You agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password, and all uses of your account, whether or not you have authorized such use. 

## Your Choice

You need not register in order to post or respond to advertisements on the Website. If you register, we may send you certain notifications, advertisements, promotions, and specials. We may also send you any legally required notifications and certain notifications, including but not limited to, service related notices or notices regarding a change to any of our policies. For example, we may send you a notice regarding server problems or scheduled maintenance to the Website. In order to opt-out of receiving these notices, you may need to deactivate your account. You can opt out of certain e-mail communications from us, including our newsletters, advice on buying and selling on the Website, notifications that a user has commented on your posting, and notifications that you can refresh your posting. We will not change your preferences without your consent. 

## Disclosures

On rare occasions, we may be required to disclose your personal information due to legal or regulatory requirements. In such instances, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required in order to comply with our legal obligations, including but not limited to complying with court orders, warrants, subpoenas, service of process requirements, or discovery requests. We may also disclose information about our users to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce these Terms; respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of indads.in, our users or the general public. 

## How long we keep your personal information

We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our policies.

## Right of withdrawal and information

Personal information provided to Locanto may be requested for deletion at any time provided that the information is not needed for a running transaction or is not lawfully required for safekeeping. If you have given the permission for the transmission of personal information to a third party, you may at any time cancel or withdraw this permission. Information regarding all personal information saved on Locanto can be provided on request and free of cost. You have the possibility of requesting eventual corrections to erroneous and non-current data at any point.

## COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)

We do not specifically market to children under the age of 18 years old and our Site is not suitable for children under 18. For children from 18 years to full age, it is necessary the supervision of an adult or a guardian to register on Site and buy a product. It is the sole and unilateral responsibility of parents and guardians to monitor their children’s use of our Site.

## Notification of Changes

We reserve the right to change these Terms from time to time, and at our sole discretion. We may send you a notice regarding material changes to the Terms or the Website. You should make note of the “last updated date” at the beginning of the Terms. With this information, you should be able to identify if the Terms have been updated recently. If substantially all of our assets are sold or merged into another company, we will notify you of the transaction. The acquiring company shall be given access to your personal information without your consent. If we sell only a part of our business, the acquiring entity shall have access to your personal information without your consent and we may send you a notice regarding this sale. 

## Responsible authority

Questions regarding data privacy and protection should be addressed to the [webmaster](https://web.archive.org/help/#support). 
