> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the indianwomenshealth.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920180410id_/http%3A//www.indianwomenshealth.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Your privacy is very important to BioQuest Solutions Pvt. Ltd. (hereafter referred to as " **BioQuest** " or " **BQ** " or " **Us** " or " **We** " or " **Owner** "). We shall not sell or rent your personal information to any third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. A reading of this privacy policy will let you know more about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information. 

The privacy practices of the above statement apply to our services available under the domain and subdomains of [ www.indianwomenshealth.com ](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920180410id_/http%3A//www.indianwomenshealth.com/index.aspx)(the "Site") and apply generally to our parent company, affiliates, subsidiaries or joint venture websites whose specific privacy policies are available from our Privacy Central pages. By visiting this Website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. 

This Privacy Policy describes the information, as part of the normal operation of our services; we collect from you and what may happen to that information. Although this policy may seem lengthy & detailed, the reason for this is that we believe you should know as much as possible about the Website and / or its Owner’s practices so that you can make informed decisions. 

By registering with the Website you confirm that you have read and accepted the Privacy Policy and the User Agreement of the Website and you express consent to us using and you disclosing your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the User Agreement. This Privacy Policy is effective upon acceptance of Terms & Conditions during registration for a first time registering user, and is otherwise been effective from 1st January 2008 for all users. 

**1\. Your Privacy - Our Commitment**   
At [www.indianwomenshealth.com ](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920180410id_/http%3A//www.indianwomenshealth.com/index.aspx), we shall take extreme measures to protect your privacy and this is our commitment to you. We value your trust in us. We will work hard to earn your confidence so that you can enthusiastically use our services and recommend us to friends and family. Please read this policy to understand how your personal information will be treated while you make full use of our Website. 

**2\. Privacy Guarantee**   
We promise that they will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. From time to time we may reveal general statistical information about our Website and visitors, such as number of visitors, number and type of goods and services purchased, etc. Your trust and confidence are our highest priority. 

**3.Information We Collect**   
When you use our Website, we collect and store your personal information. Our primary goal in doing so is to provide a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our Website to make your experience safer and easier. Importantly, we only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose. 

In general, you can browse the Website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. To fully use our Website, you will need to register using our online registration form, where you may be required to provide us with your contact and identity information, billing information, shipping information and other personal information as indicated on the forms throughout the Website. Whereever possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature on the Website. 

We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your usage behaviour on our Website. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behaviour to better understand, protect and serve our users. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. This information may include the Uniform Resource Locator (URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our Website or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our Website or not), your computer browser information, and your IP address. 

We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Website to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Website and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session. 

Additionally, you may encounter "cookies" or other similar devices on certain pages of the Website that are placed by third parties. For example, if you view a web page created by a user, there may be a "cookie" placed within that web page. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. 

If you choose to post messages on our message boards, chat rooms or other message areas or leave feedback for other users, we will collect that information you provide to us. We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by applicable law in the India. 

If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Website, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. 

If you register for the Website on another website or use a website providing a service for [www.indianwomenshealth.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920180410id_/http%3A//www.indianwomenshealth.com/index.aspx) or a website that helps facilitate your activity on this Website, that website may provide personal information about you and your transactions back to us. 

**4\. Our Use Of Your Information**   
We use your personal information to facilitate the services you have placed on IWH. We use your personal information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Website to: resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote safe trading; collect fees owed; measure consumer interest in the services provided by us, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our User Agreement; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes, and in particular we may examine your personal information to identify users using multiple User IDs or aliases. We may compare and review your personal information for errors, omissions and for accuracy. 

You agree that we may use personal information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze Website usage, improve the Website's content and product offerings, and customize the Website's content, layout, and services. These uses improve the Website and better tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with a smooth, efficient, safe and customized experience while using the Website. 

You agree that we may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, including but not limited to targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Website. By accepting the User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you express agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications in your profile. You may make changes to your profile at any time. 

**5\. Our Disclosure Of Your Information**   
We may also use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as new services and promotions. The following are examples of some categories of persons to whom we would specifically share your information with from time-to-time. 

**i. Advertisements**   
a. Where a user enters information on any form of an advertiser, the information is simultaneously collected by the Website and the advertiser. The information is used by the Website in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy and is used by the advertiser as per the advertisers’ prevalent privacy policies. Because we do not control the privacy practices of these advertisers, you should evaluate their practices before deciding to provide the said information. 

b. The Website may also aggregate (gather up data across all user accounts) personally identifiable information and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for other marketing and promotional purposes. 

**ii. Items And Services Offered On The Site By Third Parties**   
There may be certain items and services for which third parties request for information before the item/service is listed on the Website. The information provided by the user for such purposes is simultaneously collected by the Owner and the respective third party. This information is utilized by the third party in accordance with its privacy policy and the terms of the offer. Because we do not control the privacy practices of these third parties, you should evaluate their practices before deciding to use their services. 

**iii. Internal Service Providers**   
We may use third parties that we refer to as internal service providers to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of the business, product and service operations that we provide to you on the Website (e.g., search technology, discussion boards, bill collection, affiliate and rewards programs, co-branded credit cards) and therefore we may provide some of your personal information directly to these internal service providers. These internal service providers' are subject to confidentiality agreements with us and other legal restrictions that prohibit their use of the information we provide them for any other purpose except to facilitate the specific outsourced Website related operation, unless you have explicitly agreed or given your prior permission to them for additional uses. In some instances, the internal service provider may collect information directly from you (such as for Website surveys or for a co-branded credit card). In these cases, you will be notified of the involvement of the internal service provider, and all additional information you provide them and their additional uses will be strictly up to you. If you provide additional information to an internal service provider directly, then their use of your personal information is governed by their applicable privacy policy. 

**iv. Other Corporate Entities**   
We share much of our data, including personal information about you, with our parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, and joint ventures that are committed to serving your online needs and related services, throughout the world. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other users. Our parent company, affiliates, subsidiaries, and joint ventures follow privacy practices no less protective of all users than our practices described in this document, to the extent allowed by applicable law. The Owner its affiliates, subsidiaries, its joint ventures, or any combination of such, will share some or all of your personal information with another business entity should we plan to, merge with, or be acquired by that business entity. Should such a combination occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information. 

**v. Legal Requests**   
We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights, to help protect you and the community from bad users. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other Government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, email address, UserID history, fraud complaints, listing history without a subpoena. Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad users, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; or report suspected illegal activity. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email, and company name to Intellectual Property right's owners under confidentiality agreement, as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy or other unlawful activity. 

Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personal information to the Government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Website. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private. 

**6\. What About Children's Privacy?**   
Children are not eligible to use our Website and we ask that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal information to us. 

**7\. Access Or Change Your Personally Identifiable Information**   
To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your personally-identifying information. If you have registered your profile on the Website, your User ID and Password are required in order to access your profile information. 

**8\. Security**   
When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information, we will employ reasonable and current Internet security methods and technologies. 

**9\. Your Consent**   
By using the Website, you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the Website. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Any changes to our privacy policy will be communicated through our Website at least 10 days in advance of implementation. 

**10\. Tell Us What You Think**   
At [www.indianwomenshealth.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920180410id_/http%3A//www.indianwomenshealth.com/index.aspx) , we welcome your questions and comments regarding our privacy policy. Please [click here to contact us.](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920180410id_/http%3A//www.indianwomenshealth.com/ContactUs.aspx)
