> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the indiaaclick.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180816090444id_/https%3A//www.indiaaclick.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy

1\. Type of Information Collected

We may collect certain non-personal information such as your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, operating system, browser type, and Internet service provider. This type of information does not identify you personally. When you register with the Website, we may also collect personal information that you provide such as your name, mailing address, email address, home country, and zip code ("Registration Information"). You have the option of also providing to us your phone and fax numbers, gender, age, and/or company name if you choose to register with INDIA CLICK. If you provide your phone number, it will be displayed in your posting. We may also collect additional information that our users provide, such as new or deleted postings, new or deleted comments, keyword searches, scam reports and new contact sellers. We use a third-party credit card processing company for purchases, and other third party companies to monitor site traffic, which may, in some instances, store your information. By using this Website or the Service, you consent to collection, storage, and use of the personal information you provide for any of the Services that we offer, and you consent to our collection of any changes or updates that you may provide to any information you provide that is collected by INDIA CLICK.

2\. Cookies

We may use cookies to manage our user's sessions and to store preferences, tracking information, and language selection. Cookies may be used whether you register with us or not. "Cookies" are small text files transferred by a web server to your hard drive and thereafter stored on your computer. The types of information a cookie collects include the date and time you visited, your browsing history, your preferences, and your username. In some instances, our third-party service providers may use cookies on the Website. We cannot control or access cookies used by third- party service providers. This Privacy Policy covers only Cookies used by us, and not any cookies used by third parties. You have the ability to either accept or decline the use of cookies on your computer, whether you are registered with us or not. Typically, you can configure your browser to not accept cookies. However, declining the use of cookies may limit your access to certain features of the Website.

3\. Third Parties

We use third-party service providers to process purchases you make and to monitor our user's interests. In addition, the Website may occasionally contain links to Third-Party Sites. If you click on the links to Third-Party Websites, you leave the Website. We are not responsible for the content of these Third-Party Websites or for the security of your personal information when you use the Third Party Websites. These third-party service providers and Third-Party Sites may have their own privacy policies governing the storage and retention of your personal information that you may be subject to. They may collect information such as your IP address, browser specification, or operating system. This Privacy Policy does not govern personal information provided to, stored on, or used by these third-party providers and Third-Party Sites. We recommend that when you enter a Third-Party Site, you review the Third Party Site's privacy policy as it relates to safeguarding your personal information. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to the Website and Third-Party Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. By publishing an ad on the Website, you acknowledge and agree that the Content is public and accessible by any third party and that they may appear in search engine results (such as Yahoo!, MSN, Google and other search engines) and in the cache of those search engines, in feeds and Third-Party Websites pursuant to cobranding agreements, and that it is the sole responsibility of each of those search engines, Third-Party Websites or RSS web feed resources to update and/or to remove Content from their indexes and their cache. You agree and acknowledge that INDIA CLICK is not be liable for the information published in search results or by any Third-Party Website that carries INDIA CLICK postings.

4\. How Your Information is Used

We may use information provided by you to: (i) enforce our Terms of Use, monitor user activity, such as keyword searches or new postings, and more effectively manage traffic on the Website; (ii) provide customer services, create and manage user accounts; and (iii) assist you with technical difficulties. Also, we may share with third-party service providers certain information, such as your browser capabilities or operating system, that we have collected in order to better understand which advertisements and services may interest you. We may block users located in certain countries from using the Website. We may retain such information for as long as is required to fulfill our business objective, even after your account is terminated.

5\. Protecting Your Personal Information

You are a valued customer, and we recognize that protecting your privacy is important to you. For this reason, we are committed to protecting the personal information you provide in a variety of ways. We do not directly process any payments and do not store your credit card information. Secured socket layer ("SSL") technology is used for processing payment transactions with third- party service provider partners, such as Click & Buy, PayPal. Your Registration Information may be protected by a unique customer password and user ID. You should not disclose your password information to anyone and you should always remember to log off if using a shared computer. Lastly, you may utilize the Website as an anonymous user by not registering. We have taken certain security protections in safeguarding your personal information. However, as with most electronic transactions, no method is 100% safe. While we strive to use a commercially acceptable means to protect the personal information you provide, we cannot guarantee its security. Therefore, you acknowledge and agree that we assume no liability regarding the theft, loss, alteration or misuse of personal or other information or Content, including, without limitation, such information that has been provided to third parties or other users, or with regards to the failure of a third party to abide by the agreement between us and such third party. You may participate in our Forum or utilize our Comments feature. For postings to the Forum, your username will be posted.

6.Accessing and Modifying Personal Information and Communication Preferences

You may access, remove, review, and/or make changes to personal information that you have provided to us. You need not register in order to post or respond to advertisements on the Website. If you register, we may send you certain notifications, advertisements, promotions, and specials. We may also send you any legally required notifications and certain notifications, including but not limited to, service related notices or notices regarding a change to any of our policies.

7\. Disclosures

On rare occasions, we may be required to disclose your personal information due to legal or regulatory requirements. In such instances, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required in order to comply with our legal obligations, including but not limited to complying with court orders, warrants, subpoenas, service of process requirements, or discovery requests. We may also disclose information about our users to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce these Terms and/or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of INDIA CLICK, our users or the general public. If substantially all of our assets are sold or merged into another company, we will notify you of the transaction. The acquiring company shall be given access to your personal information without your consent. If we sell only a part of our business, the acquiring entity shall have access to your personal information without your consent and we may send you a notice regarding this sale.

8\. Notification of Changes

We reserve the right to change these Terms from time to time, and at our sole discretion. We may send you a notice regarding data changes to these Terms, including the Privacy Policy or the Website. You should make note of the "last updated date" at the beginning of the Terms. With this information, you should be able to identify if the Terms have been updated recently.

9.Disputes

Any disputes regarding your privacy are subject to the Terms, including but not limited to any provisions related to indemnification, limitations on damages, and choice of law. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us as described in the "Contact Us" section. We will investigate your question, respond to your inquiry, and attempt to resolve any concerns regarding your privacy question.
