> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the indieroyale.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141202145733id_/http%3A//www.indieroyale.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bad Juju Games, Inc | Privacy Policy – Desura

**[](http://www.badjuju.com/)**

You are here: [Home](http://www.badjuju.com/ "Bad Juju Games, Inc") / Privacy Policy – Desura

## **DESURA**

## **ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY/ YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS**

October 31, 2014

Desura Pty Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of Bad Juju Games, Inc., and its network of websites are committed to protecting your privacy. This Online Privacy Policy is intended to describe how your personal information is processed and used, and we will make every effort to ensure that our activities keep within the spirit of this Online Privacy Policy. Please note that by visiting and using [www.desura.com](http://www.desura.com/), [www.indieroyale.com](http://www.indieroyale.com/) and [www.dailyroyale.com](http://www.dailyroyale.com/)   and or any other website owned and operated by Desura Pty Ltd., you are accepting the practices described in this Online Privacy Policy.

We take care to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13 who visit our websites. If you are under 18, please be sure to read this policy with your parents or legal guardians and ask questions about things you do not understand. Children under 13 should get your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission before giving out your e-mail address or any personal information to Desura or to anyone else on the Internet. **To learn about Desura’s Children Privacy Policy please[click here](http://www.badjuju.com/privacy-policy-for-children-desura/ "Privacy Policy for Children – Desura").  **

  1. ****What Personal Information does Desura Collect?**** When users visit our website, mobile apps purchase content, purchase advertising, make requests and register/win competitions to receive materials, we may collect “Personal Information”.  Personal Information is any information that can be used to identify a particular individual, such as name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit/debit card information or other contact information.Personal Information includes information about your visits to our websites, including the pages you view, the links and ads you click, search terms you enter, and other actions you take in connection with Desura websitesPersonal Information may also include certain information from the browser you used to come to our website, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and language, access times, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website that referred you to our website and to which URL you browse away from our site if you click on a link on our site. 

When other non-public information, such as product preferences, hobbies or browsing history, is directly associated with personally identifiable information, that other information is treated as Personal Information.

There is absolutely nothing special about the information just described, and the practice of collecting this data has been generally standardized by virtually every Web Server on the Internet today.

  2. ****How Does Desura Use Cookies?**** Cookies are small pieces of data that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser from our Web Server. A cookie cannot read data from your hard disk or read cookie files that may have been created from other sites. The Desura website utilizes cookies as a means of providing personalization features to our visitors. For example, we utilize cookies to remember settings (music preferences, language settings, etc.) that you may have made at our website.You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. Typically, by accessing the browser’s help feature you can obtain information on how to prevent your browser from accepting all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our website and other websites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended. Depending on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through browser settings.If you would like more information about cookies and related technologies, [click here](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).
  3. ****Why does Desura collect Personal Information?**** The purpose for this information is actually two-fold. One, Desura has found it advantageous to examine visitor traffic in its aggregate, so that we can ensure maximum compatibility for the various browsers and operating systems that visit our site. Additionally, as any business should attest, it is our desire to generate greater amounts of visitor traffic. By analyzing visitation patterns, referring URLs and Search Engine terms, we can strategically enhance our exposure on the Internet.
  4. ****Does Desura Share Personal Information?**** We do not sell Personal Information about our customers or website users to any third parties. We maintain a strict “No Spam or UCE” policy that means we do not intend to sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party, without your consent.We may from time to time share your Personal Information with our business partners, resellers, affiliates, and service providers, consulting partners and others in an effort to better serve you.Any Personal Information we collect may be shared with Desura’s corporate affiliates, or companies who operate under the same corporate control. Desura will take reasonable steps to ensure that these company affiliates honor this Online Privacy Policy and Children Privacy Policy. 

However, we may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Desura; or (b) to protect and defend the rights or property of Desura or users of our website.

Desura may also “de-personalize” Personal Information by removing personally identifiable characteristics, such as name and email address, and aggregate data for use in surveys or other business purposes. Desura may then use and/or share this de-personalized information with third parties.

  5. ****Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information**** If you choose not to provide any Personal Information when requested on the website, you can still enjoy most areas on the website. However, you may be unable to access certain areas and services that require our interaction with you.Desura will not send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. If you are a member of our Mailing List, you will be contacted with announcements, news, portfolio additions, and new products or services. You have the option of “Unsubscribing” from our Mailing List at any time, thereby disabling any further such e-mail communication from being sent to you. If you wish to have specific communications with a member of the Desura staff, you will be required to provide specific information that will be routed to the appropriate contact within Desura.
  6. ****Third Party Links**** Desura uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our websites. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).Desura further provides “links” to a wide variety of other web sites on the Internet, including access to social media features such as Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest buttons (such as “Like,” “Tweet” or “Pin”). We are not responsible for their Privacy Policies or how those web sites manage information about their users. Your interactions with third party links or the social media features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature. We strongly urge you to check with those web sites to determine their privacy policy and to control your privacy settings.
  7. ****Commitment to Data Security**** To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. All financial transactions are protected by 2048bit SSL encryption.
  8. ****Contact Us**** Please send any notices or request regarding this Privacy Policy by care of e-mail to: [legal@badjuju.com](mailto:legal@badjuju.com).
  9. ****Notice To California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights:**** Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (known as the “Shine the Light” law), Desura customers who are residents of California may request certain information you have the right to request certain information regarding the disclosure of your information about our disclosure of personal information during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.To make such a request, please write to us at the following address:32 Journey, Suite 200, Aliso Viejo, CA 926565. 

Alternatively, you may send us an email at [legal@badjuju.com](mailto:legal@badjuju.com).

  10. ****Online Privacy Policy Updates**** We may periodically update our Online Privacy Policy.  When this happens we will notify you of the new policy by posting it on our sites. Please review our policies regularly as updated policies will apply to your future visits to our website.



Last Updated: October 31, 2014, our Terms of Use can be found here.
