> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the indimusic.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2013-09-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130908192226id_/http%3A//indimusic.tv/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Your Information Stays With Us At Indimusic.tv, we value your privacy. You trust us and our members and sponsors and we take this responsibility very seriously. Our privacy policy is simple: Indimusic.tv and its affiliates respect your right to confidentiality and do not share your personally identifiable information unless it is at your request to receive information or provide a service, with your authorization, or as permitted by law. Even in that case, when you submit information to Indimusic.tv, you authorize us to share this information only with the qualified network of Indimusic.tv sponsors. Accordingly, we will continue to do everything we can to ensure that your personally identifiable information remains private. Indimusic.tv may notify you of special promotions offered by the program sponsors and underwriters in our network or related service providers. No personal information about you will be supplied to the promotion sponsors unless you express an interest in the offer by e-mail, our opt-in service during registration or by phone. You have the option to decline such offers and be removed from e-mail promotion lists at any time. To make this request, please contact us in writing: IMTV email: info@indimusictv.com Or you can log into your account and change preferences. You may simply "opt out" (the link is at the bottom of every page on this site and included with any email promotions) as well which will remove you from all email lists. However, you must maintain your account to vote in the IndiMusic TV video voting process. Confidentiality and Security Since specific information is required in order to utilize Indimusic.tv’s search and shopping cart capabilities, securing your privacy is our first priority. That's why IndiMusicTV.com is designed with the most advanced technology and security measures. IndiMusicTV.com has established safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of your information. Furthermore, we will honor this commitment with respect to information we have in our possession even after you have been placed in contact with our sponsors and their promotions at your own discretion. [Personal, financial and any important data transmitted through Indimusic.tv - including all personal information you submit - is protected using 128-bit encrypted Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to make your connection to our server completely confidential. Using the site requires a SSL-capable browser such as MS Internet Explorer 5.0 (or later) and Netscape Navigator 7.0 (or later). SSL technology ensures that only you, Indimusic.tv and our insurance agents and underwriters - upon your authorization - can access the information you submit. The data you provide is immediately translated into code, and can only be decoded by Indimusic.tv. SSL confirms the identity of the originating computer terminal and the recipient terminal, preventing unauthorized interception. Indimusic.tv security technology is certified by VeriSign, a leading online authentication service. Please note that the above is pending and due soon. All information will be sent securely regardless of site status. Indimusic.tv ‘s Commitment to Fair Information Practices Indimusic.tv believes in the power of information technology and is pleased to provide our users with this interactive service. Likewise, we are committed to fair information practices in e-commerce. We freely disclose our privacy policies to every Indimusic.tv user and our participating sponsors and underwriters, and continually evaluate our practices and the latest technologies to ensure our users and network the highest level of security and protection of privacy. 
