> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the indisearch.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122022729id_/http%3A//www.indisearch.com/page/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy and Policy

IndiSearch.com has a firm commitment to privacy.We care about your privacy as much as you do .We take your privacy concerns seriously and want to make every effort to address them as we strive to offer our site visitors a high quality, interactive and personalized experience . We commit ourselves to bring you, as a member of IndiSearch.com, the best site experience we can offer in a way that assures that your personally identifiable information is safe with us. 

**1.Advertising Policy**  
"Advertising and Advertisements" include banner, badge, contextual Advertising and Promotions.When you visit this website, you may view advertisements posted on the site by Google or other companies. These advertising companies may collect information about you while you are visiting this website and other websites. They may use this data to show you advertisements on this website and elsewhere on the Internet about products and services you might like. This website does not collect the information or control the content of the advertisements that you will see. You may be able to opt out of such advertising. To find out more about Google and its DoubleClick DART cookie used to generate interest-based advertising, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html) Your use of this website without opting out means that you understand and agree to data collection to provide you with interest-based advertising.

**2\. Collection and Use of Information**   
Personally Identifiable Information may be accessed by the user who entered it and by IndiSearch.com personnel, and by certain third parties, such as those who provide technical support or content services to IndiSearch.com.we may collect and store certain information automatically. This information will not be shared with anyone beyond the web site support staff, except when required by law enforcement investigation, and will be used only as a source of anonymous statistical information.   
IndiSearch.com collects and stores Personally Identifiable Information such as your name, address, e-mail address, etc. What information we collect and store depends on the page you are visiting and the services you elect to participate in. We use this information to operate our services, provide you with the highest quality services, offer you opportunities we think will be of interest, and better tailor the advertising you see from us to suit you. This information is not shared with anyone except as provided for in this Privacy Policy. More specifics on the information we collect are outlined within this policy. This information may include:  
* Internet Protocol (IP) address of the domain from which You access the Internet, either Your individual address or the proxy provided by Your Internet Service Provider (ISP).  
* Date and time You access our site.  
* Pages You view (recorded by the text and graphics files that compose that page).  
* Web address of the site from which You linked directly to our site.  
* Browser version and operating system of the computer You are using.

**3.Changing your personal information** In general, a registered member may return to his or her account information page in the Member Center to update the information he or she previously provided to us. To prevent minors from improperly entering contests for which they are not eligible, we may require additional proof from people asking to change their birth date information. Information you provide to IndiSearch.com may be stored by us for an indefinite time. This information includes the registration data as well as information provided in conjunction with various membership services, contests or features available on IndiSearch.com. 

**4.Information Security**  
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. 

**5.Use of Cookies**  
Most standard Web browsers contain a feature called "cookies," which allow a Web site to place information about a user's visit to that Web site in a small data text file that is stored on the user's computer. Our use of cookie technology will likely be transparent to you and is used to recognize you and hold information from one visit to the next in an effort to increase your ease of use of IndiSearch.com and to allow us to better understand how people use our site through click-stream analysis. For example, cookies are used to store your membername and password, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit. Another example is that we may use cookie technology to control the number of times you see a particular advertisement while visiting IndiSearch.com. You can turn the cookies feature off by using your browser preference options, but doing so will severely limit your access to IndiSearch.com and may prevent you from registration. 

**6\. IP Addresses** Our Web server receives your IP address and other information as a normal function of the HTTP protocol. This data is stored in standard Web logs and used for aggregate statistics. No attempt is made to match your IP address with email addresses or any other information. 

**7.Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
Please note that this IndiSearch.com privacy policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this IndiSearch.com privacy policy without your consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any changes on this page. 
