> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the indiaon2wheels.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071230102625id_/http%3A//www.indiaon2wheels.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Indiaon2wheels Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**

1\. **General Policy**. Indiaon2wheels knows that you, its visitors, care about how information about you is used and shared. Indiaon2wheels promises that it will use information about you carefully and sensibly. This document describes the information that Indiaon2wheels collects about visitors to this Website, how Indiaon2wheels uses that information and how Indiaon2wheels protects that information. It also discusses certain choices you have regarding your personal information. This Policy does not apply to information you post on a Forum (as that term is defined in out Terms of Use) and your rights and obligations with those posting is set forth in those Terms of Use.

2.  **Information Indiaon2wheels Collects**. Indiaon2wheels collects and stores the following information about visitors to this Website:

2.1 **Automatically Generated Information**. Whenever you visit this Website, Indiaon2wheels receives and stores information about that visit. Indiaon2wheels uses "cookies" to obtain information about you and your Web browser, including (a) the Internet Protocol (IP) address that connects your computer to the Internet; (b) email address and confirmation when you open an email sent from this Website; (c) password; (d) browser type and version, operating system and platform and other computer and connection information; (e) the date, time and full Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) of your clicks to, through and from this Website; (f) services and products you search for; (g) sections of this Website you visit; and (h) phone numbers you use to telephone our phone number. "Cookies" are alphanumeric identifiers that we place on your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our servers to recognize your browser as more specifically described in Section 3.6 below. There are companies that provide tools that allow you to visit Websites anonymously. While use of these tools may prevent us from providing you with personalized service, you should be aware that this option is available.

2.2 **Information You Provide**. When you visit this Website, you may provide information in order to take advantage of the services offered through this Website. Indiaon2wheels collects and stores that information. You may always choose not to provide the information we request. However, you may then be unable to take advantage of the features and services we offer on this Website.

3 **How Indiaon2wheels Uses Information**. Indiaon2wheels uses information about you in order to provide the services described in this Website. In addition, Indiaon2wheels shares customer information with its affiliates and as described below.

3.1 **No** **Sale** **of Personal Information**. Indiaon2wheels will not sell your personal information to others except in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Indiaon2wheels related to this Website.

3.2 **Third Party Service Providers**. Indiaon2wheels may from time to time engage others to provide services to Indiaon2wheels, to you and to other visitors to this Website. For example, Indiaon2wheels may engage other companies to host, operate and maintain this Website, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, perform inventories or assessments and provide other services. Indiaon2wheels will give them access to your personal information to the extent necessary to do their jobs. Indiaon2wheels cannot guaranty that those companies will protect your personal information to the same extent described in this Privacy Policy.

3.3 **Statistical Information**. Indiaon2wheels sells or otherwise shares some information about its visitors with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties. However, that information is statistical in nature and does not identify specific individuals. For example, Indiaon2wheels counts the number of visitors for purposes of managing its banner advertising business. Indiaon2wheels uses that data to, among other things, customize content, services and advertising to better suit the needs of its visitors and customers.

3.4 **Emails**. From time to time, Indiaon2wheels may send email messages to users. Indiaon2wheels may use a bulk email service to distribute that information. If you do not want to receive bulk emails, please indicate that preference on your registration information or contact Indiaon2wheels at [remove@Indiaon2wheels.com](mailto:remove@Indiaon2wheels.com). Except for email messages that you send to Indiaon2wheels or as provided in Section 6 titled “Your Participation in and Postings on Forums” of the Terms of Use, Indiaon2wheels will not monitor, edit or disclose the contents of your email unless required in the course of normal maintenance of this Website and systems.

3.5 **Cookies**. Upon your first visit to this Website, our Website sends a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a file that identifies you as a unique user. It stores personal preferences and user data. Cookies do not identify you by name. Indiaon2wheels has two primary uses for its cookies. First, Indiaon2wheels uses them to specify unique facts. Secondly, Indiaon2wheels uses cookies to track user trends and patterns. This helps Indiaon2wheels better understand and improve this Website and its services. While both of these activities depend on the use of a "cookie," visitors to this Website should have the option of disabling cookies through their browser preferences. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Indiaon2wheels services may not function properly if you disable cookies.

3.6 **Other Disclosures/Use**. Indiaon2wheels will disclose your personal information if Indiaon2wheels in good-faith believes it is required to do so: (a) by law or to comply with the law or legal process served on Indiaon2wheels; (b) to protect and defend Indiaon2wheels rights or property; or (c) in an emergency to protect the personal safety of Indiaon2wheels customers, visitors or the public.

4\. **Links to Other Websites**. When you visit this Website, you could be directed to websites of Third Party Providers and to other websites that are beyond Indiaon2wheels control. There are many links to other websites from this Website that may take you outside Indiaon2wheels service. Indiaon2wheels believes that this is one of the strengths of this Website. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement link or if you click on a Third Party Provider link, the "click" may take you from this Website to the website of that other person. Those other websites may not have privacy policies or may have privacy policies that are not as protective of your personal information as Indiaon2wheels policy. These other websites may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data or solicit personal information. Indiaon2wheels strongly recommends that you review and understand the privacy policies of the websites you visit, whether you visit those websites directly or through a link from a page on this Website.

5\. **Forums**. Whenever you give out personal information online, including via forums, message boards or chat groups, that information can be collected and used by others. While Indiaon2wheels strives to protect its visitors' personal information and privacy as outlined in this Privacy Policy, Indiaon2wheels cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk. See, the Terms of Use for more information.

6\. **Policy Regarding Children**. This Website is for people 13 years of age and older. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not submit any information to Indiaon2wheels without the consent of a parent or guardian. Indiaon2wheels does not intentionally collect any information about children.

7\. **Disputes regarding use of Personal Information**. All disputes regarding Indiaon2wheels use of your personal information and/or the terms of this Privacy Policy will be resolved as more specifically provided in the Terms of Use. This Privacy Policy is a part of and is subject to the Terms of Use.

8\. **Miscellaneous**. Indiaon2wheels policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond Indiaon2wheels control. Indiaon2wheels uses reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure. However, Indiaon2wheels is not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of any third parties.

Indiaon2wheels reserves the right at its discretion to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. Please review this page periodically for changes.

If you at any time have questions about this Privacy Policy, please send your question via email to [admin@Indiaon2wheels.com](mailto:admin@Indiaon2wheels.com).

LAST UPDATED: 29/01/2007 
