> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the indianindustry.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050616024148id_/http%3A//www.indianindustry.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

  


IndianIndustry.com commits to safeguard your online privacy. Please read the following to understand the policy. Please check for changes in privacy policy periodically. This information you share with us is 

  1. The information available at IndianIndustry.com has been collected from the sources authorized to do so. Apart from that we do not collect or store any information delivered by you. 
  2. IndianIndustry.com has full right to publish the information submitted by you for the purpose of listing. We request you not to send us any information that you do not wish to publish.
  3. IndianIndustry.com does not store any information that you transact with a particular listed organization. The queries submitted by you are directly sent to them.
  4. As a general rule, IndianIndustry.com will not disclose or share any of your personally identifiable information except when I IndianIndustry.com has your permission or under special circumstances, such as when IndianIndustry.com believes in good faith that the law requires it or as permitted in terms of this policy.
  5. IndianIndustry.com may also disclose account information in special cases when IndianIndustry.com has reasons to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating.
  6. You may edit your information in the listings incase there is any change. You may even ask for deletion of your company information from the directory listings but at the risk of not receiving any queries being generated by your presence on IndiaIndustry.com
  7. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while IndianIndustry.com strives to protect your personal information, IndianIndustry.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or through IndianIndustry.com and you do so at your own risk. Once IndianIndustry.com receives your transmission, it makes best efforts to ensure its security on its systems. Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online-for example on message boards or through email -that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.


