> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the indushealthplus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191028173523id_/https%3A//www.indushealthplus.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Indus Health Plus

THIS PRIVACY POLICY **("PRIVACY POLICY")** SETS FORTH HOW INDUS HEALTH PLUS PRIVATE LIMITED COLLECTS, USES AND DISCLOSES YOUR INFORMATION GATHERED FOR PERFORMING THE SERVICES (AS DEFINED BELOW) OR SUCH OTHER REASONS. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY CONTINUING TO ACCESS THE WEBSITE AND PROVIDING YOUR INFORMATION AND/OR USE OR PROCURE THE SERVICES YOU AGREE AND GIVE CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.

We respect the privacy of everyone who utilizes the Services. We recommend you read this Privacy Policy so that you understand our approach towards the use of your Information. When you visit our website <https://www.indushealthplus.com/>, you are not required to provide any Information unless and until you choose to avail the Services. Should you decide to avail the Services, the website requires you to share your details by submitting a duly filled up query form. By agreeing to avail the Services and by submitting/disclosing your Information, you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy.

**1\. INFORMATION WHICH IS COLLECTED AND STORED**  
"Company", "We", "our" and "us" shall for the purpose of this Privacy Policy mean **Indus Health Plus Private Limited.** For the provision of the Services, the Company shall collect and store the personal information of the Participant ("Participant", "you", "your"). For purposes of this Privacy Policy, **"Information"** means your and your families personal and health related information and includes your personal details, including but not limited to your name, age, contact details, health, and medical information which you have given or will give to us in due course of availing the Services, or which is obtained by us through our partners or which relate to the Services that you have availed of or their results or any such information which may be required by us to provide you the Services. The Company may collect your Information in offline or online format. This Privacy Policy covers any such type of Information you have shared with the Company. The Information which you give us may be captured into our system by entering the data or even you can directly upload your records in the Electronic Health Records application (EHR).

**"Services"** shall mean your preventive health checkups, treatment packages (inpatient treatment, out-patient treatment, pre/post counselling, checkups, IPD/OPD, EHR or any other services availed by you through us. The Participant can avail the Services by making payment through the link [.] provided on our website. The Participant undertakes that the Participant shall be solely responsible for the authenticity of the Information shared with us. In the event the Participant is sharing any Information on behalf of a third person, the Participant represents and warrants that he/she has the necessary authority to share such Information with us and we shall not be responsible for verifying the same.

**2\. NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
We collect your Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses when you visit our website, to track and aggregate non-personal information. Non-personal information may include the browser name, the type of electronic device, manufacturer, make, model, unique ID of the electronic device and technical information about your means of connection to our website, such as the operating system and the internet service providers utilized and other similar information. For example, we may use IP addresses to monitor the regions from which you navigate our website. You understand that this information shall be non-personal information and could be used by us, for our own business promotion purposes.

**3\. GOVERNING STATUTE**  
This Privacy Policy is governed by and is compliant with the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules 2011, which is designed to protect the Information; and other applicable rules and regulations related to privacy.

**4\. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED**  
The Information is collected and may be used by the Company or any third parties permitted by the Company (in India or abroad), for further analysis and tests in the future, for quality control purposes, for internal record keeping, to comply with our legal or statutory obligations, to conduct research, conduct case studies, clinical trials and may also be published in journals and presented in conferences and seminars without revealing your identity and while maintaining your anonymity. The purpose of any research, case studies, clinical trials, publications, or presentations ("Research”) would be for the advancement of medical science and for the overall benefit of the human race. You have provided your consent to us for sharing the Information for provision of Services by way of a consent form duly signed by you ("Informed Consent for Data Sharing”). The Informed Consent for Data Sharing is subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

You agree that we may also use the Information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as divulging information about various healthcare packages, requests, offerings, and communications relevant to the Services that you have availed. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information.

**5\. DISCLOSURES:**  
Other than as described herein, we do not sell, rent, share, distribute, lease or otherwise provide the Participant’s Information to third parties, without the Participant’s prior consent. We may disclose the Participant’s Information in the following cases:

a)Service Providers or Business Partners. We may use certain trusted third-party companies and individuals to help us provide, analyse, and improve the Services (including but not limited to for further analysis and tests in the future, for quality control purposes, etc.). These third parties may have access to your Information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your Information to service providers/partners located within India or abroad.

b)Persons Who Acquire Our Assets or Business - If we sell or transfer any of our business or assets, certain Information may be a part of that sale or transfer. In the event of such a sale or transfer, we will notify you.

c)Legal and Regulatory Authorities. We may be required to disclose the Information due to legal or regulatory requirements. In such instances, we reserve the right to disclose the Information as required in order to comply with our legal obligations, including but not limited to complying with court orders, warrants, investigations or discovery requests. We may also disclose the Information to (a) law enforcement officers, insurance companies or others; (b) to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us; (d) to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy or our other policies or agreements;

(e) for an insolvency proceeding involving all or part of the business or asset to which the information pertains; (f) respond to claims that any Information violates the rights of third-parties; (g) or protect our rights, property, or our personal safety or the safety of the general public. You agree and acknowledge that we may not inform you prior to or after disclosures made according to this section. Notwithstanding anything mentioned hereinabove, the Company shall not be responsible for the actions or omissions of the parties (including but not limited to the entities listed above) with whom the Information is shared, nor shall the Company be responsible and/or liable for any additional information the Participant may choose to provide directly to any third party.

**6\. ANONYMIZED DATA**  
We may also use your Information collected to create aggregate anonymized data. We shall ensure that such anonymized data will not be directly identifiable to you or to the Information shared with us. We may use this anonymized data for any purpose including but not limited to Research, analytics, and to improve our Services. By using the Privacy Policy, you provide us the right to use your Information to create anonymized data and use it for facilitating the provision of Services to you.

**7\. COOKIES**  
We may set "cookies” on the use of the website by you. Cookies are small encrypted files, that the website transfers to your computer’s hard drive or on your mobile / tablet device or through any such device through which you may access the website through your web browser that enables the website to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to collect and analyse information on website performance and usage, and to enhance and customise content and advertisements. By accepting this Privacy Policy or by clicking into any content on this website, you agree to allow cookies to be placed.

**8\. SECURITY**  
We value your Information, and protect it against loss, misuse or alteration by taking extensive security measures. In order to protect the Information, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. To protect the Information, we have implemented adequate technology. The Information is securely stored either with cloud service partners or a technology infrastructure, as may be used by us, from time to time. Although we provide appropriate firewalls and protections, we cannot warrant that the security of any personal Information transmitted as our systems may not be hack proof. Data pilferage due to unauthorized hacking, virus attacks, technical issues is possible and we take no liabilities or responsibilities for it. You are required to be careful to avoid "phishing” scams, where someone may send you an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking for the Information.

**9\. ACCESSING AND MODIFYING PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
In case you need to access, remove, review, and/or make changes to the Information that you have provided to us, you may do so by login into your online Account. You may change your contact information, photos, your name etc. We would encourage you to keep the Information updated to help us better serve you better with our Services. However, you may not change your registered email address, without obtaining our prior written consent. You understand that we shall not verify or authenticate the changes made to the Information by you and you shall be entirely liable for such changes. You confirm that such changes shall be in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.

**10\. DATA RETENTION**  
We will retain your Information for as long as your account is active or till the time we are required to provide you the Services or till it is required to be maintained under the applicable laws. We may retain and use your Information as necessary for the purposes of maintaining the records. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your Information, upon your reasonable request. We may also need to retain certain data for recordkeeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain in our databases and other records, which will not be removed. Please note, however, that there might be latency in deleting the Information from our servers and backed-up versions.

**11.UNSUBSCRIBE OPTION:**  
You have the right to unsubscribe to the Services availed by you and withdraw the consent given to us to obtain, use, store and share the Information at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe option provided on the website, without any penalty for such withdrawal.

**12\. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS**  
All rights not expressly granted in this Privacy Policy are reserved by the Company. Nothing contained in this Privacy Policy shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppels or otherwise any license or right under any copyright, patent, trademark or other intellectual property right of Company or any other person or to you.

**13\. INDEMNIFICATION:**  
You agree to indemnify us, our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, or other partners, and employees and hold us harmless from and against any claims, demands, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to: (i) Information and contents that you submit or share with us for the Services (ii) your violation of any rights of any other person in connection with the Services, (iii) your violation of this Privacy Policy.

**14\. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**  
Company will not be liable for any damages, direct or indirect, incidental or consequential, and all liabilities (including for negligence, loss or damage such as loss of revenue, unavailability of system or loss of data and loss of your Information) and for use of or inability to use Services of any kind that is offered or to provide indemnity or any other remedy to you or any third party arising out of this Privacy Policy.

**15\. DISPUTES:**  
Governing Laws: This Privacy Policy shall be construed and governed by the laws of India without regard to principles of conflict of laws. Dispute Resolution: Any dispute arising, shall be submitted to the arbitration to be conducted in Pune, India in English language, in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 (as amended from time to time), by a sole arbitrator, who shall be appointed by the Company and the award made in pursuance thereof shall be binding on the parties hereto. The dispute resolution and arbitration process mentioned in this section will not prohibit Company from approaching the courts for appropriate interim reliefs. The courts in Pune, India shall have an exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising under this Privacy Policy.

**16\. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY:**

Amendments to this Privacy Policy will be posted to on this link https://www.indushealthplus.com/ and will be effective when posted. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of any amendment, modification, or change shall constitute your acceptance of the amendment. We request you to check this Privacy Policy on a periodic basis to ascertain if any additional considerations are involved with regard to your Information.

**17\. CONTACT US:**  
If you have questions or concerns or grievances regarding this Privacy Policy or wish to make a complaint, please contact us at [info@indushealthplus.com](mailto:info@indushealthplus.com) or 9049033333.
