> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the museumoficecream.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181220123032id_/https%3A//www.museumoficecream.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy — Museum of Ice Cream

**Last updated:** **July 6, 2018**

 **Background**

1AND8, Inc., doing business as Museum of Ice Cream (“MOIC,” “We,” “Us,” “Our”) is committed to protecting the personal information You share and/or store with Us. By using this website (the “Service(s)”), You consent to this Privacy Policy, which applies to transactions and activities and data gathered through the MOIC website, located at https://www.museumoficecream.com (the “site” or “website”). We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices You use to access MOIC Services, which helps Us fulfill improve this Service and optimize your user experience.

 **Contents of this Privacy Policy:**

1\. Background

2\. What Information Do You Collect from Me?

3\. How is My Information Used?

4\. How is My Information Stored and Protected?

5\. What Information is Collected Through Technology and by Third-Parties?

6\. How Long Will You Keep My Information?

7\. Do You Share My Personally Identifiable Information with Anyone?

8\. What are Your Legal Grounds for Processing My Information?

9\. What are My Rights to My Information?

10\. Miscellaneous

This Privacy Policy does not cover information that You submit on other websites, even if We communicate with You on those sites. For example, if You post something on Facebook, Twitter, or YouTube, that information is governed by the privacy policies on those websites, and is not governed by this policy. Information that MOIC obtains from You via Our online presence at https://www.museumoficecream.com, is governed by this MOIC Privacy and Data Protection Policy (the “Policy”). Museum of Ice Cream Privacy and Date Protection Policy PBY USING THE MOIC WEBSITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, YOU SHOULD NOT USE THIS SITE. 2.

 **What Information Do You Collect From Me?**

We collect information that may personally identify You when You voluntarily: § access this site from your computer or mobile device, § register your email address on the site, § enter a contest or sweepstakes, § respond to a survey or communication such as email, or § engage with another site feature. You can always choose not to provide information, however, this may prevent you from taking advantage of such MOIC site features. Website When You access Our site from Your computer or mobile device (either one, a “device”) to access and use Our Services, We may receive information about Your location and Your computer or mobile device, including a unique identifier for Your device. We may use this information to provide You with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow You to turn off location services. Please contact Your mobile service carrier or device manufacturer to learn how to disable location services for Your particular device. We also automatically collect information on the type of device You use (known as a device identifier) as well as Your operating system. We use mobile analytics software to allow Us to better understand the functionality of Our site on Your device. This software may record information including

• how often You use the site,  • events that occur within the site, • aggregated usage, • performance data, and • where the site was accessed from. The information We store within the analytics software is anonymized. In other words, We do not link the information We store within the analytics software to any Personal Information that You submit within the site. Changes to Personally Identifiable Information To change any personally identifiable information that You have shared with us, please contact Us at hello@museumoficecream.com.

 **3\. How is My Information Used?**

The information We collect is used for a variety of purposes, such as: § to perform statistical, demographic and marketing analyses of users of Our Services to improve Our relationship with Our customers by personalizing Your site experience where possible, allowing us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which You may be most interested; § to improve Our service to You in responding to any of Your service requests; § for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of Our subscriber base to improve Our relationship with Our customers; § to customize Your experience by allowing advertising to be targeted to the users for whom such advertising is most pertinent; and § to administer contests, promotions, surveys, and/or other site features. E-mailing List Users of the Service may be given a choice whether they would like to be included on Our e-mail list and receive e-mail newsletters from us. If You have opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters from Us, You may periodically receive communications including links to and information regarding sales, promotions, sweepstakes, and other information that We Museum of Ice Cream Privacy and Date  believe You may find interesting. If You have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters from us, You will not receive these e-mails. How to Opt-Out of E-mailing List If You would no longer like to receive e-mail newsletters from us, You can unsubscribe by selecting the unsubscribe link located in any of Our promotional emails.

 **4\. How is My Information Stored and Protected?**

The security of Your personally identifiable information is important to Us, and We strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information that We store in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. While We attempt to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect and We cannot promise that information about You will remain secure in all circumstances, including the security of Your data during transmission to Us or the security of Your data on a computer or mobile device. We are committed to alerting You and taking protective measures when a breach is discovered.

 **5\. What Information is Collected Through Technology and by Third- Parties?**

During Your visit, as You browse through and interact with Our site and place orders, We automatically collect and store the following non-personal, or anonymous, information about Your visit: ▪ the date and time You access Our site; ▪ the pages You visit on Our site; ▪ if You navigate to Our site by clicking a link, the location of that link; ▪ the technical capabilities of the device you use to access Our site; ▪ the internet service provider You use to connect to Our site (for example "companyX.com" if You have a commercial internet account, or "universityX.edu" if You connect from a university); and ▪ the IP address (a number automatically assigned to Your device whenever You are surfing the internet) from which You access Our site. We use this information, in the aggregate, to make Our website more useful to visitors — to learn about the number of visitors to Our site and the types of technology used, to detect operational problems, and to improve the website's overall security. Cookies, Beacons, Local Storage and Other Similar Technologies Cookies are small data files which include anonymous, unique identifiers that We may transfer to Your device to allow Us or a third-party to recognize You and make Your next visit to Our site easier. Recognizing Your device helps Us provide features such personalized advertisements, improve services, and compile aggregate data about site traffic and interaction. We may also use them to help us understand Your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables Us to provide You with improved services. We also use cookies to help Us compile aggregate data about site traffic and interaction so that We can offer better experiences and tools in the future. Similarly, flash cookies (also called Local Shared Objects or "LSOs") are data files similar to cookies, except that they can store more complex data. Flash cookies are used to remember settings, preferences, and usage, particularly for video, interactive gaming, and other similar services. We may transmit non-personally identifiable website usage information to third-parties in order to show You advertising for MOIC when You visit other sites. You may choose to have Your device warn You each time a cookie is being sent, or You may even choose disable cookies through Your device settings. Each device is a little different, though, so please contact Your mobile service carrier or device manufacturer to learn how to disable or modify cookies for Your particular device. Do note that if You've chosen to disable or delete cookies on Your device, some of the functionality of Our site may be lost. Some of Our features may not display properly, and We recommend that You leave them turned on. Do Not Track Signals We do not respond to browser-based "do not track" signals. Do Not Track is a preference that You can set in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the preferences or settings page of Your web browser. Analytics, Log Files and Reading History We gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, operating system and other usage information about the use of Our Services, including a history of the pages or site features You view and/or interact with. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information We collect about You. We do this to improve services we offer You, including customized recommendations, advertising, to improve marketing, and to track access and use of Our Services across the devices that You may use to access Our Services. We have hired third parties to provide us information, reports and analysis about the usage, browsing patterns of Our users. They may independently record the type of device and operating system You are using, general location information, as well as events that occur on Our App, such as how often You use Our App.

 **6\. How Long Will You Keep My Information?**

We store information until it is no longer necessary to provide Our Services, or until You request that we delete your information, whichever comes first.

 **7\. Do You Share My Personally Identifiable Information with Anyone?**

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties Your personally identifiable information unless we provide You with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include www.museumoficecream.com. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist Us in operating Our website, conducting Our business, or servicing You, so long as those parties agree to keep Your information confidential. We may also release Your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce Our site policies, or protect Ours or others' rights, property, or safety. Third Parties We may share information about Our Visitors in aggregate or de-identified form with third parties. Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to indicate a restriction of Our use or sharing of aggregated or de-identified information in any way. We may also include links to third party websites on Our site in an attempt to provide You with increased value. These linked websites or other apps, as the case may be, have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of Our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including whether a specific link works). Disclosure by Necessity We may occasionally access, preserve, and/or disclose personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena or we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend Our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of Our Services; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of Our users or the public (among other things, this means that if You provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about You may be disclosed as part of any investigation into Your actions). As we continue to develop Our business, We or Our affiliates may sell or buy other businesses or entities, or We may merge with another company, or be bought by another company. In such transactions, personal information may be among the transferred assets. Your information may be stored and processed in any country in which we maintain facilities or conduct operations. By using Our Website, Your personal information may be transferred outside of Your country of use and/or residence. When Your account becomes inactive, Your information may remain in Our computers, electronic databases, and archives, and may not be reasonably capable of expungement.

 **8\. What are Your Legal Grounds for Processing My Personal Information?**

We rely on the following legal bases to use Your personal data: 1. Where it is needed to provide You with Our products or services, such as communicating with You, 2. With Your consent, such as for providing You with direct marketing communications, and 3. Where it is in our legitimate interests to do so, such as to comply with legal obligations.

 **9\. What are My Rights to my Information**

You have a number of rights under data protection legislation which, in certain circumstances, you may be able to exercise in relation to the personal information we process about you These include: • the right to access a copy of your personal information; • the right to correct or change your personal information; • the right to restrict our use of your personal information; • the right to be forgotten; • the right of data portability; and • the right to object to our use of your personal information. Where we rely on consent as the legal basis on which we process your personal information, you may also withdraw that consent at any time. If you are seeking to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at hello@museumoficecream.com. Please note that we will need to verify your identity before we can fulfil any of your rights under data protection law. This helps us to protect the personal information belonging to our customer against fraudulent requests.

 **10\. Miscellaneous**

Children's Guidelines COPPA Compliance. If You are under 18, You may use the MOIC site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You learn that Your child has provided Us with personally identifiable information, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected personally identifiable information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers. Amendments We reserve the right to update or change this Policy at any time. Your continued use of the Service after We inform you of and post any amendments to the Policy at https://www.museumoficecream.com will constitute Your acknowledgement and acceptance of such amendments. In the event that we choose to make amendments to this Policy, We will notify You either through the email address that You have provided Us, or by placing a prominent notice on Our Website. Questions and Feedback We welcome Your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy.

Please feel free to send any comments and/or concerns regarding this policy to [hello@museumoficecream.com.](mailto://hello@museumoficecream.com)
