> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the musicweek.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110515011253id_/http%3A//www.privacypolicy.cmpi.net) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# UBMi Privacy Policy

**CUSTOMER PRIVACY POLICY**

This Customer Privacy Policy governs the collection and use of personal information relating to potential and existing customers of UBM Information Limited by the company and its affiliates within the United Business Media group (collectively “UBM Information”).  For further details of the United Business Media group see: [www.ubm.com](http://www.ubm.com/). 

UBM Information is committed to abiding by this Customer Privacy Policy, as well as the requirements of applicable laws, in the operation of its business. Please read this policy carefully as it explains the kinds of personal information we collect about you and how it is handled.

For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller is UBM Information Limited of Ludgate House, 245 Blackfriars Road, London SE1 9UY.

By your continued use of our services (including our web sites), you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by UBM Information for the purposes set out in this Customer Privacy Policy.

**COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

We will generally let you know at the time of collection how we intend to use your personal information. Usually, we collect personal information about you which we require to respond to your inquires for payment processing and for the provision of goods and services to you. We also process your personal information where we are required to do so by law, and for the exercise or defence of legal claims. From time to time, we may contact you for research purposes, or to tell you about our special offers and other services in accordance with your contact preferences. Where appropriate, we will obtain your consent to do so. Personal information collected from you may include your name, payment processing information, postal address, email address, landline or mobile telephone number, delivery details as well as other non sensitive personal information. If you use our web sites, we may also collect information about you or your computer when you browse to allow you to use the services available.

**WEBSITE USAGE & COOKIES**

If you are using our web sites, we will use your personal information to help you to log on to your account and into restricted areas of our web sites and to permit future use of the web sites. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, or to administer our web sites. We may conduct analyses of user traffic to measure the use of our sites and to improve the content of our web sites and our services. These analyses will be performed through the use of IP addresses and cookies. We may also use cookies to enable the signing in process after you have registered with us and to provide you with more tailored information when you return to our web sites. A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance. If you reject the use of cookies please note that the efficient operation of the web site that you are using may be affected. Some of our websites use cookies to track the frequency of your usage and determine your access to those sites, as set out in the terms and conditions of those websites.  Where such tracking cookies are used you may not be able to access those websites if you reject cookies.  Most of the advertisements that you see on the web sites are generated by third parties who may use cookies to track viewing of their advertisements and for other purposes specified in their own privacy policies. We have no access to or control over these cookies (although we may use statistical information provided to us – not containing personal information – arising from these third party cookies to improve the targeting of advertisements to you and other users of the web sites). You can obtain further information about third party privacy policies or disable their cookies by visiting their web sites.

**THIRD PARTY**

We will only disclose personal information about you to third parties for processing purposes associated with payment processing, the supply of goods and services, for web site administration, or elsewhere when you have consented to such disclosures, or where such disclosures are required or permitted by law. These third parties we contractually bound only to use personal information to perform the services that we hire them to provide. Unless you have indicated that we may not do so, we may lease or rent your personal information to selected third parties for their postal or telephone marketing use.

**TRANSFER OF DATA**

The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things,  the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We also take measures to ensure that personal information transferred by us outside of the EEA is adequately protected.

**VIRTUAL PRODUCTS**

In the case of your use of one of our virtual products e.g. Virtual Exhibitions, Webinars etc, we may pass the personal information you provided to us to 3rd parties. Generally this will be via a process whereby you, as the user, visit or interact with a 3rd party eg: visit a stand at an exhibition. However, in some instances our virtual products are sponsored and, in such cases the data you provided to us will be given to the sponsor. Generally we will let you know at the time of collection if a product is sponsored.

If you wish to change your contact preferences with an individual exhibitor/sponsor, please follow their own unsubscribe request details. Unsubscribing to the UBM Information will stop UBM Information from contacting you in the future, but not the individual 3rd parties whom you have interacted with.

We take your contact preferences very seriously. If you would prefer for your details not to be passed to any 3rd parties as laid out in this section, you are advised not to register for the virtual product.

**EMAIL CAPTURE**

UBM Information Ltd may from time to time send updates about this product and other relevant UBM Information products and services. Your email address will not be given to 3rd parties except where outlined in the privacy policy. By providing your email address you consent to being contacted for direct marketing purposes by UBM Information Ltd. 

**MOBILE PHONE CAPTURE**

UBM Information Ltd may from time to time contact you about this product and other relevant UBM Information products and services. By providing your mobile number you consent to being contacted for direct marketing purposes via voice calls or SMS by UBM Information Ltd.

**SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

We use administrative, technical, and physical measures to safeguard personal information against loss, theft and unauthorised  uses, access or modifications. Certain areas of our web sites may be password protected. If you are a user of our web sites and have a password, you can help to preserve your privacy by ensuring that you do not share your password with anyone else.

Payments made via our web sites are processed in a secure environment using software provided by Verifone or other third party providers.

We take steps to regularly validate the personal information we hold to ensure that the information is accurate and, where necessary, up to date. Information that is no longer required for any valid business purpose, and that we are not required to keep pursuant to any applicable law, will be routinely destroyed by secure means.

**MAKING AUTOMATED DECISIONS**

We do not ordinarily use personal information for the purposes of automated decision making. However, may do so in order to fulfill compelling obligations imposed by law, in which case we will inform of any such processing and provide you with an opportunity to object.

**ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION**

You may access, renew and update personal information that we hold about you by contacting us as detailed below.

**CONTACTING US**

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or no longer wish to receive anything from UBMi Ltd or have your data made available to 3rd parties, you can email us at [ubmidpa@ubm.com](mailto:ubmidpa@ubm.com) or write to the Data Protection Co-ordinator, Audience & Data Group, UBM Information Ltd., FREEPOST LON 15637, Tonbridge TN9 1BR. Freephone 0800 279 0357.

**CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY**

Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.

Please review our privacy policy on a regular basis to make sure you have read the latest version and you understand what we do with your personal information. Your continued use of our services or our web sites following the posting of changes to these terms means that you consent to those changes.

**This version of the privacy policy is effective as of 15 th September 2010**
