> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the musiccentro.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625074220id_/http%3A//musiccentro.com/faq/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Musiccentro Support Center | Find Answers

MUSICCENTRO.COM is committed to protecting your privacy online. We are also committed to providing you with the best possible service. In order to do this, our website incorporates the latest internet technologies which may sometimes include personally identifiable information such as your name, email address, street address and/or telephone number for the purpose of delivering interactive content and improving our service, subject to the terms of this privacy policy. We will never sell, rent or barter this information to any third party at any time without your consent.

**Information Collection and Usage**  
MUSICCENTRO.COM initially collects information on a voluntary basis during the site registration process, where you will be asked for your name and email address. You are not required to disclose more information than is reasonably needed to participate in an activity on our site. However, if you do not provide the information that is noted as being required or mandatory in connection with a particular activity, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity. Also, the more information you share with us and the more accurate it is, the better we are able to enhance and customize our site for you. The information collected is primarily used for email updates, targeted beat promotions, news, community interaction and to complete online transactions. We do not sell or share the information we gather at our website to anyone outside of the Anno Domini Beats music group without prior consent, with the exception of cases where we believe in good faith that we have a legal obligation to disclose such information or where our affiliates will assist us in the operation and update of the website. Please be assured that these affiliates are legally obligated to maintain confidentiality of this information and do not acquire any rights to use your information for their own benefit. We do reserve the right, in connection with the potential sale or transfer of the interests of MUSICCENTRO LTD and MUSICCENTRO.COM and its subsidiaries and affiliates, to sell or transfer your information to a third party entity that concentrates its business in a similar practice or service, agrees to be our successor in interest with regard to maintaining and protecting information collected, and agrees to the obligations of this privacy policy.

**Polls & Surveys**  
We may, from time to time, conduct polls and surveys on our site. The information we collect through such means are solely for the purpose of MUSICCENTRO.COM. If sample answers to polls or surveys are posted on our website, no identifiable information is included.

**Online Transactions**  
When purchasing from our website, your credit card, debit card or PayPal checkout information is transmitted directly to the third party processing client through secure connections. We will collect and maintain your personal information, product selections, payment information, order number, referring URL, IP address and password in order to communicate with you about your order and fulfil that order. If you do not provide the information that is noted as being required or mandatory, you will not be able to place orders on our website. We will not, however, store your credit card or other payment information after transactions have completed on our website.

**Cookies**  
Like most online companies, we will sometimes use a technology called ‘cookies’ to enhance your website experience. Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser enabling the server to retrieve information from the browser when re-visiting a website. MUSICCENTRO.COM uses these cookies in order to save information about your website preferences and to authenticate registered users. Furthermore, cookies help to facilitate our shopping cart and ordering systems. The cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information and cannot profile your system or collect information from your hard drive. While you do not need to allow your browser to accept cookies in order to browse our website, you must have them enabled to buy products or services. Most browsers allow you to turn the cookie function on or off, if you’d like to learn how to do this please look at the help menu in your browser.

**Policy Changes**  
MUSICCENTRO.COM reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.

_Last Update: 29. January, 2014._
