> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the musocity.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-04-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090410220539id_/http%3A//www.musocity.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MusoCity.com - Privacy Policy

MusoCity.com is a promotion and networking service that allows members to create unique personal profiles online in order to promote their music or business and communicate with other MusoCity.com members. To enrich our members' experience, we request and display some personal information to other members and visitors, which allows our users to identify each other. MusoCity.com members can change their profile information at any time and can control how other members and the service communicates with them. 

MusoCity.com collects user submitted information such as name, email address, and date of birth to authenticate users and to send notifications to those users relating to the MusoCity.com service. MusoCity.com also collects other profile data including but not limited to: gender, geographical location and musical taste in order to assist users in finding and communicating with each other.

MusoCity.com also logs non-personally-identifiable information including IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, and browser type, from users and visitors to the site. This data is used to manage the website, track usage and improve the website services. This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to members. User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes

User Profile information including members' pictures, userid, display name and geographic location are displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in the MusoCity.com networking community. Email addresses are used for the purposes of inviting friends or associates to join Musocity and to send notifications related to the service. With the exception of inviting friends and notifications, a user's email address is not shared or displayed on the website. Users of MusoCity.com communicate with each other through the MusoCity.com service, without disclosing their email addresses. For all accounts, users can select the 'display name' and userid which identify them on the website and do not need to reveal their name to other users of the site.

We may also use a user's email address to send updates, a newsletter or news regarding the service. Users may choose not to receive email of this type by changing their "email notifications" settings on the "Message Settings" screen.

Musocity members can invite friends or other associates to join the service by sending invitation emails via our automated invitation system. MusoCity.com allows the individuals receiving these invitations to opt out of receiving further invitations or other email correspondence. To enable us to identify the email addresses of individuals who have previously opted not to receive invitations to join the site, MusoCity.com stores the email addresses that members provide on the email invitation screen. MusoCity.com does not sell these email addresses or use them to send any other communication besides invitations. Recipients of invitations from MusoCity.com may contact MusoCity.com to request the removal of their information from our database.

MusoCity.com uses cookies to store visitors' preferences and to record session information, for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements and to customize newsletter, advertising, and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set -- each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences -- however, you must enable cookies from MusoCity.com in order to use some functions of the site. Please note that Musocity allows 3rd party advertisers that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Advertisers' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not the Musocity Privacy Policy.

MusoCity.com contains links to sites. MusoCity.com is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site, a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on MusoCity.com.

Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to Journals, WebLogs, Message Boards, Classifieds or any other Public Forums that that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications.

MusoCity.com users may modify or remove any of their personal information at any time by logging into their account and following the links from the 'My Account' screen.

Members who no longer wish to receive updates or notifications may choose not to by deselecting the 'Send me notification emails' option on the 'Message Settings' screen. Users who do not wish to receive MusoCity.com newsletters may choose not to by deselecting 'Send me Musocity newsletters' option on the 'Message Settings' screen. All notification emails and MusoCity.com newsletters also include the above instructions for opting-out of those communications in the future.

Ads appearing on this Web site may be delivered to users by MusoCity.com or one of our Web advertising partners. Our Web advertising partners may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by MusoCity.com and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

MusoCity.com member accounts are secured by member-created passwords. MusoCity.com takes precautions to insure that member account information is kept private. We use reasonable measures to protect member information that is stored within our database, and we restrict access to member information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of member account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time.

Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement, Musocity will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary: (1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by MusoCity.com, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce the MusoCity.com Terms of Use Agreement or to protect our rights; or (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service. Musocity reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of Musocity or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest. For more information see the "Changes in Our Privacy Policy" section below.

From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy. If we make changes, we will post them on our site to make users aware of what the changes are so users will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it. A User is bound by any minor changes to the policy when she or he uses the site after those changes have been posted. If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days.
