> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vwrsp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-06-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20020601101846id_/http%3A//vwrsp.com/customer/index.cgi%3Ftmpl%3Dprivacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to VWR International

| 

**VWR International Privacy Policy**

**We Protect Your Right to Privacy** vwrsp.com respects your privacy. Our guidelines for protecting the information you provide us during your visit to our Web site appear below. 

**Privacy Statement** This statement discloses the privacy practices for www.vwrsp.com. We have designed vwrsp.com so that no personal identifying information is displayed online or is accessible to the general public. You can browse the VWR Internationals' web site and online catalogs without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. To obtain access to special site features including product availability and contract pricing, we ask that you register on our site. 

**Use of Data** For ordering and operations purposes, we collect only the following information about our users: name, account number (if applicable) street address, Zip Code, state, and country and email address. For promotions we collect other information to help us track the success of the promotion (i.e. how you learned about the offer).We use the name and email address to manage registrations. We do not sell or distribute that information to any third party. We do not reveal your email address or other personal information, except to complete transactions with our third party suppliers. The ZIP code, state, and country information is used only to assess our needs in the way of technology, for the purposes of offering the best possible service to our world-wide customer base. We do not sell or distribute this information to any third party. Information such as name, phone number, and credit card numbers are collected through third party partners of vwrsp.com, such Visa, Mastercard, American Express. 

**Use of Your Email Address** When you provide us with your email address when you register as a customer or make a purchase from us, we will occasionally send you email with recommendations or notices of new products, prices, and services. This email may include paid advertisements from third parties. At the time that you register or make a purchase, you will be given an opportunity to opt out of this service. If you do not initially choose to opt out, you may still block future email of this type, simply by following the instructions at the bottom of the update messages. Separately, we send email to keep you informed about the status of your orders. These messages cannot be blocked. 

**Registration** During the vwrsp.com registration process, we ask you to provide us with contact information, such as name, email address, phone number, ZIP code, state, and country. Sharing of Information We do not sell, rent, or share any customer information that we collect on our site except for the purposes described here and to our suppliers for the same purposes. By contract, third parties such as must comply with their own privacy policies with regard to the renting, selling, or sharing of information. For advertising purposes, visitor and customer information is statistically aggregated and reported to advertisers. However, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you, such as your name, email address, account, password, or transaction history. 

**Links** vwrsp.com contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are 'clicking' to another Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites, as their privacy policies may differ from ours. 

**Cookies** vwrsp.com uses software tags called "cookies" to identify customers and track shopping baskets when they visit our site. Additionally, cookies help us to identify returning users so that we don't ask them to register with every visit. They also help us understand your buying preferences and customize our service to your needs. By recording which areas of the site you visit, cookies allow us to present information, products, and special offers that are most likely to be of interest to you. The information we collect with cookies is not sold, rented, or shared with any outside parties. We cannot provide a total secured shopping experience to users whose browsers are set to reject cookies. 

**Log Files** vwrsp.com maintains log files of the traffic that visits the vwrsp.com site. We do not link any information gathered in these log files to personally identifying information. Log files are used to manage traffic loads and information technology requirements for providing reliable service. Information collected includes IP addresses and browser types. 

**Newsletter** Newsletters are mailed only to users who opt into the newsletter service. Users who wish to receive the newsletter must subscribe to it by clicking on the link provided in the introductory email sent to newly registered subscribers. Users who have subscribed can cancel their subscription by following instructions contained in each issue of the newsletter. Only an email address is required to receive the newsletter. 

**Feedback** We collect user feedback. Users who would like a response to specific questions concerning the service or their subscriptions are directed to the customer service area. These questions will be respond to as quickly as possible. We read all of our customer service queries and use the information contained therein only to resolve the question at hand. We also post surveys on our site, ranging from one to ten questions. These surveys are optional and all information is collected anonymously. The information is collected to better understand our user population. It is not sold or transferred to any third party. Correct/Update/Delete User Information Users can update or correct, their personal information on vwrsp.com by changing their profile information in "My Account". If you have and questions e-mail us at solutions@vwr.com 

**Information security** All information gathered on the vwrsp.com site is stored and maintained in secure facilities that limit access to authorized personnel only. Our personnel can only access the information through a series of access-control procedures. All vwrsp.com employees are briefed about the company's privacy and security policies on a regular basis. The vwrsp.com Web site is regularly tested for security breaches to ensure that all information collected is secure from unauthorized viewing. 

**SSL** Our current security technology is Secured Socket Layer (SSL). The SSL protocol provides connection security that has three basic properties: 

* The connection is private. Encryption is used after an initial handshake to define a secret key. Symmetric cryptography is used for data encryption (e.g., DES[DES], RC4[RC4], etc.) 
* The peer's identity can be authenticated using asymmetric, or public key, cryptography (e.g., RSA[RSA], DSS[DSS], etc.). 
* The connection is reliable. Message transport includes a message integrity check using a keyed MAC. Secure hash functions (e.g., SHA, MD5, etc.) are used for MAC computations. We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. 
