> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zugo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170217020414id_/http%3A//zugo.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Zugo - Privacy Policy

Welcome to www.zugo.com (the “Site”), a website operated by Zugo Limited (“Zugo”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We also partner with website operators to offer toolbars and other tools (“Toolbars”) powered by Bing, Yahoo! and other leading search providers for download to our users. We will refer to the Toolbars and the other related services we provide as the “Services”. We are aware of the trust you place in us and our responsibility to protect your privacy. As part of this responsibility, we provide this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to let you know what information we collect, how we use it, share it and protect it. YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED BY US IN THE COUNTRY WHERE IT WAS COLLECTED AS WELL AS OTHER COUNTRIES (INCLUDING THE UNITED STATES) WHERE LAWS REGARDING PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE LESS STRINGENT THAN THE LAWS IN YOUR COUNTRY. BY USING THIS SITE AND PROVIDING ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE TRANSFER OF DATA FROM YOUR COUNTRY TO A COUNTRY THAT HAS LESS STRINGENT LAWS, AND THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN CONFORMANCE WITH THIS POLICY. So we are clear about the terminology we are using, when we use the phrase “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information that is used or intended to be used to personally identify an individual, like your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number, as well as other non-public information that is associated with this personal information. When we use the phrase "Anonymous Information" in this Privacy Policy, we mean information that that is not used nor intended to be used to personally identify an individual, and is not associated with or linked to Personal Information. As a general rule there are four categories of users of the Site and Services: “Partners" who offer Toolbars to End Users, “Search Providers” who operate search engines that are accessed through the Toolbar, "End Users" who are individual users of a Toolbar or the Site and “Visitors” who are individual visitors who browse the Site. Our privacy policy terms with respect to Partners and Search Providers are as set forth in our agreements with such parties, and this Privacy Policy does not describe how we collect, use, share or protect information from Partners and Search Providers.

#### Children.

We do not knowingly collect or maintain information from individuals who are under 13 years of age, and no part of our Site or Services are designed to attract people under the age of 13. Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. If we obtain knowledge that a user is under the age of 13, we will take steps to remove that user's information from our databases.

#### Information Collected Through Our Site and Services

The Information We Gather from Visitors and How We Use It. When you access the Site and Services, we may collect the following information:  
Personal Information – It is our expectation that we will not collect Personal Information from End Users through the use of the Toolbar. We collect Personal Information from Visitors to our Site when you knowingly provide it, including when you register on the Site, provide feedback, or request information. We use your Personal Information to administer your account and provide you customer support and services, to send communications and administrative emails, to respond to your inquiries, to market to you, and to improve the quality of the Site and Services. Additionally, we may strip your Personal Information of any information that specifically identifies you to create Anonymous Information and we will use this Anonymous Information as provided in this Privacy Policy.  
Anonymous Information – When you access our Site, we use Cookies and log files to automatically record information that your browser sends. This includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type, the date and time of your request, and the web pages you have visited. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer's web browser while you are viewing a website. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your browser until you delete them) to improve your experience on the Site (e.g., by keeping you logged in). Persistent Cookies can be removed by following your Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable Cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site or Services. We use log files and Cookies to improve the quality of our content, to keep you logged into a session and track the pages you have visited; and to tailor content to your interests and to personalize the Services on your behalf. 

#### Information Sharing.

We share Personal Information with other companies or individuals as follows:  
When they help us operate our business, such as with vendors that assist us in sending email, marketing and customer service;  
With third parties if we have a good faith belief that access, use, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to 

  * (a) satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or an enforceable governmental request, 
  * (b) enforce the applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, 
  * (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or 
  * (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Zugo, its users or the public as required or permitted by law; 



With any of our subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us, in which case we will require them to honor this policy. Additionally, in the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred; and  
With third parties to whom you ask us to send Personal Information.  
We reserve the right to disclose Anonymous Information collected on the Site publicly without restriction, including to third party vendors who may help us enhance or provide the Site or Services or to third parties. 

#### Choice.

If you have provided Personal Information when registering for our Site, you may modify that information by contacting us at [help@zugo.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20170217020414id_/http://www.zugo.com/privacy-policy/help@zugo.com). We are not responsible for updating or removing your Personal Information already disclosed to third parties who have been provided information as permitted by this Privacy Policy. At this time, we do not allow you to delete your information from our active database. You can opt out of receiving certain email communications from the Site by following the instructions provided in email communications. Please note that even if you unsubscribe or opt-out, we may still send you Site and Service related communications.

#### Information Collected Through the Toolbar

We work with Partners to provide search functionality through the Toolbars via a Search Provider. When an End User uses the Toolbars to search on the web, certain information is collected from such End User, and this section describes how we collect, use and share such information collected through the Toolbars.  
PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR PARTNERS AND SEARCH PROVIDERS MAY INDEPENDENTLY COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, AND THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT GOVERN THEIR COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SUCH INFORMATION. THIS PRIVACY POLICY ONLY COVERS THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU. PLEASE CONSULT THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES BEFORE USING THE TOOLBAR. 

#### The Information We Gather From End Users and How We Use It:

Personal Information – You do not need to provide any Personal Information in order to download and use the Toolbar. However, it is possible for data that usually contains no Personal Information, such as search queries or page addresses, to contain such information in certain cases.  
Anonymous Information – Any time you use a Toolbar to contact a Search Provider, such as by sending a search query, the Toolbar sends standard, limited information including your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, unique machine ID, and unique user ID. When you type URLs or queries in the Toolbar search box, the letters you type may be sent to us so that we can automatically recommend search terms or URLs you may be looking for. We collect and use this information to: (i) improve our internal operations or software, (ii) customize the content and/or layout of the web page for each individual visitor; (iii) notify visitors about updates to our web site or software; and (iv) contact consumers for marketing purposes. We also may log your recent search history and browser URL history when installing the Toolbar for random sampling to protect against fraud. Our Toolbars place Cookies on your computer, and we use Cookies as part of your search process to control the search preferences of the Toolbars and start pages. We also use Cookies, web bugs and pixel tags to monitor volume of traffic, record information about how you use the Web, for example, the websites you have visited and web searches that you conducted and other click-stream data, none of which includes Personal Information about you, personalize and tailor your experience with the Toolbar, and deliver targeted advertising, as described in more detail below. Cookies may also be used in the future to display recent search history and/or search suggestions. If you choose to disable Cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of the Toolbars. Third parties, including our Partners and Search Providers, may collect information through the Toolbars, and such third parties’ use of the information collected will be governed by their own privacy policies as further described below. We make the Toolbars available to End Users at no cost. To support our Services, we use the Anonymous Information we collect to deliver or enable the delivery of advertising that is customized to you, an End User, based on your preferences and internet usage. For example, we may use your IP address to determine your geographic location and deliver advertising to you on behalf of businesses that are in your neighborhood or that sell products and services in your area. We may notice that you have been looking at car websites and deliver advertisements from car manufacturers. We view these targeted advertisements, which you may see on almost any website on the Internet, as a benefit to both you and the advertiser as we bring closer together consumers who are looking for products with manufacturers who provide them. We understand, however, that some people prefer not to receive targeted advertising. At this time, we do not have a way for End Users to opt out of this feature of the Toolbar, so if you are one of those people, you may choose not to install and use our Toolbars. 

#### Information Sharing.

We may disclose Anonymous Information on our discretion. When you input a search query into one of our Toolbars, we pass the search query to the Search Provider we have contracted with to provide search results. The Search Provider’s use of the search query, any results and other information collected, used or disclosed associated with the search is governed by their privacy policy. In addition, we share search query volume data and install volume data with our Partners, along with aggregated revenue information. More specific search and install related data may also be shared with our Search Providers (e.g. average number of searches and users, number of active Toolbars or number of Toolbar updates) and to third party vendors who may help us enhance or provide the Toolbars. In addition, we may assist our Partners in setting Cookies so that we can share all or some of the Anonymous Information with them. Our Partners use the Anonymous Information to deliver targeted advertising. To be clear, the Anonymous Information provided to other parties does not contain any Personal Information of End Users. Please note that our Search Providers and Partners have their own privacy policies that govern their use of information. Our current Partners and Search Providers include, but are not limited to the following, and their privacy policies may be found at the URLs listed below:

#### Information security

We take reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. However, while we take reasonable steps to protect information against security breaches and unauthorized access, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure, and therefore we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information.

#### Information Disclosed to Third Parties

If you disclose information to third parties, the use and disclosure restrictions contained in this Privacy Policy will not apply to any third party. We do not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. The Site may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. We have no control over, do not review and are not responsible for the privacy policies of or content displayed on such other websites. When you click on such a link, you will leave our Site and go to another site. During this process, another entity may collect Personal Information or Anonymous Information from you. The Site may also contain links to other websites controlled by us but which operates under different privacy policies. Please review the privacy policy of any new site you visit. 

#### Changes to this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy is subject to revision from time to time on a going-forward basis. We will post any revised version of the Privacy Policy on this page. If we make any material changes to it, we will also send you notice to the last email address you have provided to us. Continued use of our Services following notice of such changes will indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

#### Contact Us.

If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by sending an email to: [help@zugo.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20170217020414id_/http://www.zugo.com/privacy-policy/help@zugo.com).

#### This Policy was last revised:

March 7, 2011 
