> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the waypointoutcomes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190304122712id_/http%3A//bridgepointeducation.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# - Bridgepoint Education Privacy Policy Bridgepoint Education

**APPLICATION OF THE PRIVACY POLICY  
** This Privacy Policy applies solely to the Bridgepoint Education Site. This Site includes links to the websites for Ashford University which has its own privacy policies. To see the privacy policy for Ashford University, [click here](https://www.ashford.edu/privacy-policy).

This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected at any site that is not owned by Bridgepoint Education, including any third-party website reached through a link on this Site. Third-party websites are generally those that have a URL—that is, a web address—that does not contain “bridgepointeducation.com.” For example, there are links on this Site to Bridgepoint Education’s pages on other third-party websites. The name and logo of Bridgepoint Education may appear on third-party sites in order to notify visitors that the sites contain information or materials related to Bridgepoint Education, but this Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through third-party sites. You are responsible for reviewing and understanding the privacy policies (if any) of third-party websites you access through the Bridgepoint Education Site. We have no control over, and we assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party website. By using the Site, you release Bridgepoint Education from any claim or liability arising from your use of any third party website. 

We may use third parties, including third party websites, to perform functions on our behalf, which may include assisting us in gathering and processing information you provide. We share personally identifiable information with them so that they can assist us in using it for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, Bridgepoint Education does not otherwise share the personally identifiable information you provide with third parties, and we do not share that information with any third parties for their direct marketing purposes.

**WHAT TYPE OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT, AND HOW IS IT USED?  
Practices regarding cookies and other information we collect on this site:  
** Your browser software has a feature called a 'cookie' that stores small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to certain websites. As a user of browser software, you may elect to disable this feature, although doing so may prevent you from using certain components of the Site that require cookies. Cookies placed on your computer by Bridgepoint Education generally don't provide Bridgepoint Education with any personally identifiable information about you, but instead provide anonymous information that permits Bridgepoint Education to track how users navigate our pages, when users return to our sites, and which features are the most popular. We collect that information using cookies, and we use it to analyze how our Site is used. We may share that information with other persons or entities who assist us in analyzing or operating the Site.

Like many commercial websites, Bridgepoint Education servers monitor and log all web traffic on the Site. These logs contain the IP address of the computer or server that you are using to access the Site, the IP address and/or the URL from the website you visited just before you visited our Site, the URL of the page you visit upon leaving the Site, if any, and the type of browser and operating system you are using. Statistical information is collected about visitor traffic patterns in order to improve the quality, functionality and usefulness of the Site to our customers. This information does not directly identify you. We may also aggregate data from multiple records containing personally identifiable records in a manner that is no longer identifiable with a particular person (for example, the aggregate number of inquiries from a particular city, state or zip code). We may share all of the data described above with our contractors and consultants, other educational institutions, and unaffiliated third parties such as analysts, reporters, governmental authorities, and others. We may also disclose the content of the logs described above in response to a court order, subpoena, or other legal process.

Please be aware that while some browsers allow you to send a signal indicating that you do not wish to be "tracked", our Site does not recognize or respond to these “Do Not Track” signals.

**Use of flash cookies, third-party cookies  and HTML5:  
** Our Site may enable the use of the Adobe Flash Player. Adobe’s Flash Player is used by the vast majority of websites that offer video and other interactive content. By default, your use of the Adobe Flash Player generates “flash cookies,” also known as “persistent identification elements” or “local shared objects.” Adobe provides a short disclosure about flash cookies in its End User License Agreement, stating “Use of the web players, specifically the Flash Player, will enable the Software to store certain user settings as a local shared object on our computer. These settings are not associated with you, but allow you to configure certain settings within the Flash Player.” The Adobe Flash Player (and similar applications) use flash cookies to remember user settings, preferences and usage in a manner similar to the browser cookies referenced above. However, flash cookies can store more information than browser cookies and are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web browser. You can control the acceptance of flash cookies using tools in the settings manager for Adobe Flash (<http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html>). (Users running the Windows operating system can generally view flash cookie files in this folder: \Documents and Settings\\[username]\Application Data\Macromedia\Flash Player. Users running the Apple operating system can generally view flash cookie files in this folder: /users/[username]/Library/Preferences/macromedia/Flash Player. Flash cookies, or LSO files are stored typically with an “.SOL” extension.) If you do not allow flash cookies on your computer, you may not be able to take advantage of certain components of the Site.

HTML is the software language used for building most of the sites on the World Wide Web. Almost all web pages you visit on the Internet are built using HTML code. HTML5 is simply the fifth and latest iteration of this language. HTML5 is a popular standard for presenting content, especially content delivered to mobile devices. Some HTML5 code may allow your responses to advertising and your other online activities to be monitored over time and across different web sites, and for such information to be stored on your computer or mobile device and accessed by others you do or have done business with. Solutions that allow users to opt-out of or block this sort of tracking are being developed through browser add-ons and other tools. Bridgepoint Education may access user activity information stored through this feature of HTML5.

Additionally, like many other companies, Bridgepoint Education may use third parties to help monitor user visits to this Site and/or to place advertisements or links on other websites. When you visit this Site, these companies may collect non-personally identifiable information (e.g., your IP address, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) about your visits to this Site and your visits to other websites over time. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information about your online activities over time and across different web sites, and may use this information to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising by certain participating advertising networks, you can visit <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/> and [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/). Bridgepoint Education is not responsible for the collection or use of information by such marketing companies or third-party websites.

**PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM JOB APPLICANTS  
** If you submit a job application to Bridgepoint Education through the Site, we may also collect personally identifiable information about you, including but not limited to: your first and last name; your home or other physical address; your email address; your telephone numbers; your qualifications, experience, employment history and information you submit as part of your resume; and other information you provide as part of the online employment application. If a candidate is hired, the information submitted through the online application process becomes a part of his or her employment file.

We use a third party service provider to assist us In accepting and processing your job application. We share personally identifiable information with them in order to assist us in processing your application and using the data for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Bridgepoint Education does not otherwise share the personally identifiable information you provide in submitting a job application with third parties, and we do not share that information with any third parties for their direct marketing purposes. 

**PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED IF YOU REQUEST INVESTOR INFORMATION FROM US  
** Through our investor relations pages, you may request e-mail alerts as well as additional financial and investor information about us. Additionally, you may e-mail us at [investorrelations@bridgepointeducation.com](mailto:investorrelations@bridgepointeducation.com). If you email us or submit a request for additional financial and investor information, we will collect personally identifiable information about you, including some or all of the following: your e-mail address; first and last name; your home or other physical address; your telephone or fax numbers; and your FedEx® account information if you choose to receive information by FedEx®. If you request that we send you e-mail alerts, we will collect your e-mail address. We will maintain your personally identifiable information and use it to provide you the financial and investor information, other information, or e-mail alerts you request. We may also use your information in order to provide you additional services and information about Bridgepoint Education that we believe may be of interest to you.

We use a third party service provider to assist us in accepting and processing your requests for information. We share personally identifiable information with them in order to assist us in responding to your requests and in using the data for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Bridgepoint Education does not otherwise share personally identifiable information you provide in using our investor relations services with third parties, and we do not share that information with any third parties for their direct marketing purposes.

**ADDITIONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED IF YOU REQUEST A TRANSCRIPT FROM US  
** If you are a former student of Bridgepoint Education / TeleUniversity, dba Charter Learning / Advanced Learning Network and you request a transcript, your request will be handled through Ashford University. Ashford University will maintain a record of your request, including the personal information you provide as part of your request, which may include some or all of the following: your name; your address; your e-mail address; your date of birth; your student ID number; your dates of attendance; and any other information you provide as part of the Bridgepoint Education Transcript Request form.

Ashford University will use your personally identifiable information to provide you the requested transcript. Bridgepoint Education and Ashford University will not share personally identifiable information you provide in requesting a transcript with third parties, and we do not share that information with any third parties for their direct marketing purposes.

**E-MAILS SENT TO BRIDGEPOINT EDUCATION  
**Bridgepoint Education provides e-mail addresses to which e-mail messages may be sent for a variety of reasons. For example, we accept e-mail requests for information about our services, media requests, and questions about this privacy policy. In general, Bridgepoint Education uses the information you provide in an e-mail to us only in order to respond to your request. However, Bridgepoint Education makes no promise that any information included in unsolicited e-mails sent to Bridgepoint Education or its employees, through this site or otherwise, will be kept confidential.

**SECURITY  
** Although we cannot guarantee there will be no loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction of data provided to us, we try to prevent such occurrences. Our servers and databases are protected by firewalls and passwords. However, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit, and you do so at your own risk.

**CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION  
**We do not ever knowingly collect information from children under the age of 18, nor is this Site designed to provide any service to children under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not give us any personal information. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal information to us, please contact us at [privacy@bridgepointeducation.com](mailto:privacy@bridgepointeducation.com) and we will attempt to remove that information from our databases.

**INTERNATIONAL DATA PROCESSING  
**Bridgepoint Education may transfer your personal information to our contractors located in the United States and other countries for the purposes and under the conditions described in this Privacy Policy. By using our Site, participating in any of our services, and/or providing us with your information, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage and processing of your information to and in the United States or any other country in the world. Even when we obtain consent explicitly or implicitly, Bridgepoint Education’s legitimate interest in obtaining data for its universtiy and other education related clients is its legal basis for collecting data from persons in the European Union and countries with similar privacy laws.

**CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY  
** We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at any time. When we amend this Privacy Policy, we will revise the effective date located at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. For changes to this Privacy Policy that we consider to be material, we will place a notice on the Bridgepoint Education website ([www.bridgepointeducation.com](http://www.bridgepointeducation.com/)) by revising the link on the homepage to read substantially as “UPDATED Privacy Policy” for a reasonable amount of time. By providing information to us or using the Site in any way after this Privacy Policy has been revised, you consent and agree to the revised Privacy Policy. The most current version of this Privacy Policy will be available on the Site and will supersede all previous versions of this Privacy Policy. The effective date of the current version of this Privacy Policy is listed at the beginning of the Privacy Policy.

**CONDITIONS OF USE  
** This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, United States of America. By using our Site, you consent to the collection and use of information described above. Your visit to the Site and any dispute over privacy are subject to this Privacy Policy. If you have any concern about privacy related to the Bridgepoint Education Site, or if you wish to make a Subject Access Request under the General Data Protection Regulations of the European Union, please e-mail us a thorough description together with information to permit us to contact you at [privacy@bridgepointeducation.com](mailto:privacy@bridgepointeducation.com), and we will try to resolve your concern and honor rights you may have.

**LINKS TO OTHER SITES  
** The Site may contain now or in the future links to other websites and third parties that may provide services or products to you. We are not responsible for the privacy practices, the content of, or any other actions of such other websites or their owners or operators, such as their practices regarding cookies, information they may collect or information they may share, or whether they may permit advertisers to place and use cookies. You should check the privacy policies at each of those sites.
