> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wayup.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-05-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170518231602id_/http%3A//www.wayup.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

PRIVACY POLICY

Welcome to WayUp, operated by WayUp, Inc. (“WayUp” and sometimes referred to as “our”) and located at 263 West 38th Street, Floor 16, New York, NY 10018.  This Privacy Policy addresses WayUp’s practices regarding information collected from users and visitors of our Services and only addresses information collected directly through or from our Services – it does not address or govern any information-gathering, use, or dissemination practices related to information collected from the visitor (sometimes referred to as a “visitor,” "you" or "your") other than directly through or from our Services, such as from telephone, facsimile, postal mail, personal delivery, or other or additional offline means or media. 

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into WayUp's Terms and Conditions by reference, as if set forth fully therein, which must be reviewed and accepted by you. Our Services are not intended for children under the age of 18. WayUp does not knowingly collect personal information online from visitors in this age group.

  1. Collection of Personal Information from Services Visitors.  In addition to other collection methods specifically set forth herein, WayUp may collect: (a) the email addresses of users that communicate with WayUp via email; and (b) information knowingly provided by the user through our Services in informational sections, including any contact, registration, or application forms. WayUp may also use Internet cookies and other identifiers or methods of web analysis to gather, store, and track certain information related to your visit to and activity on our Services. If you are uncomfortable with the idea of your information being used in this way, most computer systems and web browsers offer privacy settings and options, such as disabling cookies or opting for “Do Not Track” features. WayUp does not override these settings or options, and encourages you to use them to enhance your choices and personalize your experiences. However, in order to access certain content, features, services, products or benefits on our Services, you may be required to provide WayUp with certain information, including some types of personally identifying information such as your email, educational institution, business affiliation, address, and phone number. If you do not wish to provide such information through our Services or if you opt to utilize the aforementioned privacy features of your computer system or web browser, you may not be able to obtain certain content, features, services, products or benefits of our Services.


  2. Use of Personal Information Collected.  Personal information collected by WayUp may be used by WayUp for limited purposes, including recordkeeping, editorial and feedback purposes, content improvement, or to customize the content and layout of our Services. Personally identifying information, such as names, postal and email addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information voluntarily provided to WayUp may be added to WayUp’s databases and used for future contact regarding updates to our Services or new services provided by WayUp. From time to time, WayUp may need to contact you regarding information you submitted to WayUp. You agree that WayUp may use your personal information for such contact with you. WayUp may also desire to contact you for market research purposes or to provide you with marketing information that WayUp believes would be of particular interest. You will have the option of not being contacted by WayUp and opting-out of such contacts by selecting the opt-out option in your profile. You may also opt-out from receiving certain messages in the manner set forth below.


  3. Disclosure of Personal Information to Third parties.  Except as specifically set forth herein, any personally-identifying information that you provide to WayUp through our Services will not be disclosed to third parties not affiliated with WayUp. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any information you submit to WayUp, including any personally-identifying information you include in your personal profile with our Services, may be viewed and accessed by others, and may be indexed and displayed through our Services’s internal search engines and other publicly accessible search engines. Your personally-identifying information may also be disclosed to third parties in order to verify that information, including by contacting your educational institution or business affiliation, and in order to provide you with the services requested through our Services, including to third party payment processors for the processing of payments. Personally-identifying information may be used by WayUp approved third party vendors to assist WayUp in providing, improving, analyzing, and securing our Services. Identifying and non-identifying user information and data may also be disclosed or distributed to a third party with which WayUp enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase, or to a third party pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, in response to a request by or on behalf of any local, state, federal, or other government agency, department, or body, whether or not pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, or if determined by WayUp in its sole judgment that such disclosure or distribution is appropriate to protect the life, health, or property of WayUp or any other person or entity. In addition, identifying and non-identifying user information and data may be provided to third parties that contract with WayUp to provide products, information, or other services that WayUp believes that visitors to our Services may be interested in obtaining. While WayUp may undertake efforts to see that any third party to which WayUp discloses personally-identifying information is under an obligation to use the personal information solely for the purposes for which the information was disclosed, such third parties are independent third parties over which WayUp exercises no control. WayUp is not responsible for, and will not be liable for, the conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling or dissemination practices of third parties.


  4. Links to Other Services. Our Services may also contain links to third party websites. Our Services may contain links to other Internet websites for the convenience of users in locating information, products, or services that may be of interest. If you access a third party website from a link on our Services, any information you disclose on that website is not subject to this Privacy Policy. It is possible that these links may be used by third parties or others to collect personal or other information about you. WayUp is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites, advertisers, or third parties or the content of such websites and it is your sole obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other websites. WayUp does not control these third parties’ use of cookies, collection of information, or how they manage such information. It is solely your obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other websites, advertisers and any third parties.


  5. Comments and User Content.  All materials or comments posted to public areas of our Services are public. Please refer to the Terms and Conditions for further details concerning User Content and other materials submitted to our Services. As such, WayUp assumes no liability for the accuracy of such information, no duty to update or correct such information, and no liability for such communications arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise.


  6. Security Measures and Communicating with WayUp.  Please be advised that the security and confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted through the Internet or any wireless network, including via our Services, email or text messages,cannot be and is not guaranteed. You acknowledge that the technical processing and transmission of our Services’ content may be transferred unencrypted and may involve: (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Accordingly, WayUp is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet or any wireless network. 


  7. Access to and Ability to Correct Personal Information; Opt-Out Right.  Upon your request, WayUp will provide you with a summary of any personally-identifying information retained by WayUp that has been voluntarily provided by you to WayUp through email, contact forms, or other online avenues. You may modify, correct, change, or update this information by contacting WayUp at the email address set forth below. In addition, except as necessary to obtain the services or information requested through our Services, you may opt out of having your personally-identifying information prospectively retained by WayUp by contacting WayUp at the email address set forth below. This provision does not apply to collection of through the standard data tracking features of our Services, such as Internet cookies and other identifiers or methods of web analysis, or to any other information that does not meet the description hereunder. As set forth above, many computer systems and web browsers offer privacy settings and options that may allow you to opt-out of some of these data tracking and collection methods. 

If you wish to opt-out of receiving promotional emails at any time, please click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email. 

You may also opt-out from receiving further text messages by: texting STOP, UNSUBSCRIBE or CANCEL in response to our text message; by emailing your request to us at [info@wayup.com ](mailto:info@wayup.com?Subject=Request%20To%20Opt%20Out) or by calling us at the phone number listed below. 

Please also be advised that your desire to opt-out of future communications will not be effective (nor will your Services registration or account be terminated) simply by deleting our App from your mobile device. Opting-out from promotional emails becomes effective only by following the process described above. Your Services registration and account can only be terminated by following the procedures described in WayUp's Terms and Conditions. 



  8. California Residents.  Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (the “Shine the Light” law), California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services from WayUp are entitled to request and obtain from us once per calendar year information about the customer information about them that we have shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2016 will receive information regarding 2015 sharing activities). If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this information, please submit a written request to:  WayUp, Inc.  
Attn: California/Shine the Light  
263 West 38th Street, Floor 16  
New York, NY 10018  



  9. Right to Change Privacy Policy.  WayUp reserves the right at any time to modify, alter or update this Privacy Policy. Your use of our Services following any changes means that you agree to follow and be bound by the Privacy Policy as changed. Any change to this Privacy Policy shall be effective as to any visitor who has visited our Services before the change was made. It is the obligation of users visiting our Services before the change to learn of changes to the Privacy Policy since their last visit.



If you have any questions or need to contact us, we recommend you reach out to info@wayup.com. If your question is urgent, you may contact 212-239-1911.

Last modified: September 23, 2016

Copyright © 2014-2016 WayUp, Inc.; All rights reserved.
