> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tsnn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061231080432id_/http%3A//www.tsnn.com/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TSNN - The Ultimate Trade Show Directory, for Exposition and Exhibitor Tradeshow Services and tradeshow supplies - Privacy Policy

TSNN.com is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of members and their products and services. Throughout cyberspace, we want to contribute to providing a safe and secure environment for conducting business transactions while ensuring that critical business information is protected. 

**Information About All TSNN.com Visitors**  
In general, our service automatically gathers certain usage information like the numbers and frequency of visitors to TSNN.com and its areas, very much like television ratings that tell the networks how many people tuned in to a program. We only use such data in the aggregate. This collective data helps us determine how much our customers use parts of the site, so we can improve our site to assure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many of you as possible. For example, TSNN.com uses a technology nicknamed "cookies" that tells us how and when pages in our site are visited, and by how many people. Such cookies do not collect personally identifiable information and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personally identifiable information to tell us who you are or even what your screen name or e-mail address are. We also may provide statistical "ratings" information, never information about you personally, to our TSNN.com partners about how our members, collectively, use TSNN.com. We do this so they too can understand how much people use their areas and our site in order for them to provide you with the best possible Web experience as well. 

**Information About You**  
Sometimes, we may specifically ask for information about you when you register, sign up for enhanced or upgraded services, or when you contact customer service personnel. We may need certain accurate information -- such as name, Internet address or screen name, billing address, type of computer, and credit card number -- in order to provide that service or product to you. We may also use that information to let you know of additional products and services about which you might be interested when you register on TSNN.com. You can choose not to receive such information if you don't want to by letting us know on the registration screen when you sign up for the product or service. We may ask you for information about your interests so that both you and we can take advantage of the interactivity of the online medium, but you may always choose to respond or not. Additionally, we may provide you with an opportunity to be listed in a directory of TSNN.com subscribers or customers.

 **Disclosure**  
With your permission we may use or disclose information about your individual visits to TSNN.com or information that you may give us, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number, to carefully selected outside companies. As we mention above, we may also share with our Web site partners aggregated statistical "ratings" information about the use of TSNN.com.

 **TSNN.com Privacy Policy Changes**  
If we decide to change our privacy policy for TSNN.com, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. 
