> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jcwhitney.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161030144634id_/http%3A//www.jcwhitney.com/about-us.jcwx%23aboutprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# About Us - JCWhitney.com

This Privacy Policy describes our practices concerning the information collected by U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc. (“we” or “us”) through the use of [www.JCWhitney.com](http://www.jcwhitney.com/) (the "Web Site") and the JC Whitney mobile application (the "Application", and together with the Web Site, the “Sites”). We recognize the importance of maintaining your privacy. We value our relationship with you and we appreciate the trust you show in providing information to us. Explaining how we collect, use and protect customer information is, therefore, of utmost importance to us.

This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you how we collect and use personal information (as defined below) so you can make an informed decision about using the Sites. Please read this statement before using the Sites or submitting any personal information to us. **We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of these changes by posting a revised Privacy Policy on the Sites and indicating on the Privacy Policy the date it was last updated. Your use of the Sites following the posting of such changes or revised statement shall constitute your consent to any such changes.** We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy whenever you visit our Sites to determine if any changes have been made and to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. For a description of the most recent changes to this Privacy Policy, refer to the section entitled “Changes to this Privacy Policy” below.

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY USING THIS SITES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY DESCRIBED HEREIN, AND ALL UPDATES THERETO AND ALL ADDITIONAL TERMS, GUIDELINES AND DISCLOSURES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. YOU ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY BY ACTUALLY USING THE SITES OR ITS SERVICES. IN THIS CASE, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT WE WILL TREAT YOUR USE OF THE SITES AS ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY FROM THAT POINT ONWARDS.

This Privacy Policy applies to all of the software, products, and services offered by us or any of our subsidiaries or affiliated companies through the Sites. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or to opt-out of receiving any e-mails or promotions from us, please feel free to contact us through the Sites or write to us at:

U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc.  
Privacy Policy  
c/o JCWhitney.com  
16941 Keegan Avenue,  
Carson, CA 90746 

E-mail: privacy@jcwhitney.com

**Privacy of Children**

WE DO NOT PUBLISH CONTENT THAT IS TARGETED TO CHILDREN. IF YOU ARE UNDER THIRTEEN YEARS OF AGE, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO ACCESS THE SITES FOR ANY REASON.

If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. We strongly recommend that minors 13 years of age or older ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet and we encourage parents to teach their children about safe internet use practices.

**Information Collected and "Cookies"**

This section of our Privacy Policy applies to all information collected by or submitted to the Sites. The information that we collect from you helps us personalize and continually improve upon your shopping experience. You have the option not to provide certain information; however, withholding information may prevent you from being able to take full advantage of some of our Sites’ features.

When you visit our Sites, we automatically receive and store any information you enter on our Sites. For example, you provide information when you: search for a product; place an order; place an item in your shopping cart; browse our Sites; provide information in your account; communicate with us by phone, chat, or e-mail; complete a questionnaire; or engage in other interactions with us. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your: name, address, e-mail address, phone numbers, financial information (such as credit card or similar payment information), transactional information (based on your activities on the Sites and content you generate or that relates to your account), shipping information, billing information (and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item), community discussions, chats, dispute resolution, correspondence through the Sites, and correspondence sent to us. We use this information directly or indirectly through our business partners to market products to you on the Sites and through e-mail, do internal research on your interests, and to help us better understand and serve you. 

We also store certain types of information when you interact with us on our Sites. For example, we use "cookies" and can obtain certain information from your web browser. By transferring these alphanumeric identifiers or "cookies" that your browser creates at our request in an approved and standardized place on your computer, we assign you a unique customer code and records information about your activity on our Sites. When you visit or return to our Sites, we read the cookie to identify you as one of our customers and help you recall orders or preferences you have selected. The cookie also enables us to recall your past activities, post your account data, send e-mail to you, and tailor the Sites’ elements and special offers to you. The cookie does not retain your billing information, nor does it save any of your personally identifiable information in an explicit fashion. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, administer the Sites, track users’ movements around the Sites, and gather demographic information about our user base. Most web browsers accept cookies by default, but allow users to reject cookies by changing the browser preferences. If you have set up your browser to reject cookies, some aspects of our Sites, including our Shopping Cart, will not work properly. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by us only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties.

Whenever you interact with us and our Sites, we collect, store, and analyze some data about you, which may include the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) click stream to, through and from our Sites, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for or placed in your shopping cart; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number. Your IP address is used for internal use only and helps us diagnose problems with our server and administer our Sites. We also automatically track certain information about your activities on our Sites. These may include: browser type and version, operating system and platform, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the Sites, ad data, standard web log information, and purchase history. We use this information to market products to you on the Sites and through e-mail, do internal research on your interests, and to help us better understand and serve you. If you are a registered Site customer or if you make a purchase on our Sites, we link this automatically-collected data to your personally identifiable information. We may collect and measure session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.

When you purchase products from us you are required to provide us with your email address. We use your email address to keep you updated on the status of your order. We use this to send you your order confirmation, tracking numbers and other pertinent information about your order such as notifications on shipping delays. You will also receive product updates, recommendations, special announcements as well as email-only discounts from our Sites . You can always stop these emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link found on every email we send you or by emailing us at _privacy@jcwhitney.com_. We respect your privacy and will never rent or sell your email address other marketers.

We might also receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. Examples of these include: social media pages (i.e. Facebook); updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties (which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily); page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services; search term and search result information including paid listings. Supplemental information received from third parties may also include credit history information from credit bureaus and third-party credit card fraud detection services, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud. Also, if the information you provide cannot be verified, we may ask you to send us additional information (such as your driver’s license, credit card statement, and/or a recent utility bill or other information confirming your address), or to answer additional questions online to help verify your information.

_Third Party Advertisers_. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may use a cookie or an action tag to track your response to their advertisement and to measure the effectiveness of their advertising or to award incentives or points to their members who respond to their advertisements. We have no access to or control over these cookies. By using these action tags we do not gain access to any of your information collected by these advertisers nor do we share any of your personally identifiable information such as your name, telephone number or address with these companies unless we or the advertiser otherwise notify you. Please [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) in order to learn more about the information collection practices of some of the third-party advertising companies we may use. Please [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) in order to learn more about the "opt-out" procedures of some of the third-party advertising companies we may use.

_Third Party Links_. At times, our Sites may contain links to third party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Privacy Policy, but, instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third party websites, and we are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.

**Retargeting**

We are part of the Google AdWords Remarketing program. Google Remarketing may assign a cookie to track visitors coming and leaving pages or areas of a website. This information is then used to generate Remarketing Lists of visitors that left the Sites from that particular area or page and may be used to tailor and serve ad content on the Google Display Network that target these groups of users.

We have no access to or control over these third party cookies and do not gain access to any of your information collected by Google nor does it share any of your personally identifiable information such as your name, telephone number, e-mail, and home address with the Google Display Network of sites unless we or the site otherwise notifies you. If you choose to customize your ads preferences or outright prevent Google's use of cookies during your browsing sessions, you may do so by visiting the [**Google Advertising Opt-out page**](https://www.google.com/settings/ads/authenticated). Alternatively, you may also choose to opt out of receiving cookies from other third party ad servers simultaneously through the [**Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) Opt-out Tool**](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).

**Use of Information**

We take your privacy very seriously. We do not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers. However, we may share your information, including your personally identifiable information, to third parties as set forth in this Privacy Policy.

_Affiliates_. We may disclose the information we collect from you to our controlled affiliates or subsidiaries and these entities may use the information for marketing purposes; however, if we do so, the use and disclosure of such information will be subject to this Privacy Policy.

_Service Providers_. We may also make certain personal information about you available to companies that perform work for us to provide products and services to you on our behalf. These companies may help us process information, fulfill customer orders, deliver products to you, manage and enhance customer data, or provide customer service. In such situation these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for any unauthorized purposes and are also obligated to protect your information in accordance with our policies, except if we inform you otherwise at the time of collection. Without such information being made available, it would be difficult for you to purchase products, have products delivered to you, receive customer service, or access certain services, offers, and content on our web site. For example, as a part of the normal process of completing your purchase, we may provide your personal data to a third party payment processor, depending on your chosen method of payment. We also share information with third parties such as the U.S. Postal Service, Federal Express, and United Parcel Service to ship products and ensure product delivery. 

_Marketing and Analytics_. We may share your personal information with third parties who may use the information we share to provide, or help other companies provide, offers to you, to market products, services or opportunities to you, and to perform data analytics regarding your use of our services and products. Companies that we share information with may use the information we provide to them, often in combination with their existing information, to provide you with more relevant advertising from us and improve our website experience. You may opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from advertising companies that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or who subscribe to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices and http://www.aboutads.info/choices.

_Sweepstakes, Contests and Surveys_. From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in sweepstakes, contests or surveys on our Sites. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in sweepstakes, contests or surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. By entering a sweepstakes or contest, you will be agreeing to the official rules governing the sweepstakes or contest and we may post on our Sites the names of the sweepstakes or contest winners. 

_Aggregate Data_. We may use aggregate, non-personally identifying information to improve our services to you. For instance, we will use this non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our Sites. We may also share this information with third parties, including advertisers for marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these instances we do not disclose anything that could be used to identify you. We do not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described herein without providing you an opportunity to opt-out of such operations.

_Business Transfers_. If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the acquiring company. You acknowledge and agree that any successor to our acquirer our our company or the Sites will continue to have the right to use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

_Compliance with Law and Fraud Protection_. We also reserve the right to disclose your personal information for any reason if, in our sole discretion, we believe that it is reasonable to do so, including to credit agencies, collection agencies, merchant database agencies, or law enforcement; for litigation purposes; to satisfy laws or regulations, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Child Online Privacy Act; or pursuant to governmental requests for such information. We may collect and possibly share personally identifiable information and any other information available to us in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or as otherwise required by law. We may also disclose personal information that is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our contracts, policies or procedures. Finally we may also exchange information, including personally identifiable information, with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection and risk reduction.

**Secure Encryption**

We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) or TLS technology, which is supported by the vast majority of modern Internet browsers. These work best when you are using the latest encryption version of Internet browsers. SSL and TLS technology represents the highest level of security available on the Internet. It automatically encrypts information traveling over the Internet, verifies the identity of the transacting servers through certificates and digital signatures, and confirms that the integrity of message content is maintained throughout transmission.

Our minimum requirement is SHA-256 bit SSL transaction encryption for Internet browsers. Please refer to your browser's documentation for information on its security features. We transmit the encrypted credit card number to the appropriate end payment processor during order processing, but we reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order in compliance with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.

**Credit Card Security**

Our servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption technology that works all industry standard browsers. This ensures that only we can read your personal information.  Credit card numbers are further encrypted using Public Keys and Private Key algorithms when transmitting via SSL providing extra layer of protection onto of SSL.  We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. We will, however, transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate end payment processor during order processing using current PCI requirements for Transport-level encryption.

We have also obtained a digital certificate from Comodo Group, Inc, a leading provider of Internet trust services. When you enter a secured portion of our Sites, an image of a closed lock or a solid key should appear in the bottom bar of your browser window. If you click on this image, a small popup window displaying Site-security information will appear. This certificate guarantees that your personal information is being transmitted in a secure (encrypted) form to our Web server, not to an unknown or unauthorized server.

Our Sites are regularly tested and certified to pass industry-leading third party security assessment services testing. This industry-standard third party security assessment services testing helps protect you from identity theft and credit card fraud.

Ultimately, your personal information is protected by the password you created when you registered for an account at our Sites on the "Log-In / Quick Checkout" page. Please keep this password confidential. None of our representatives will ever ask you for your password. The confidentiality of your password is yours to protect.

**Information Security**

We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. We restrict access to personal information to employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.

**Your California Privacy Rights**

Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by us pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please write to us at:

U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc.  
Privacy Policy  
c/o JCWhitney.com  
16941 Keegan Avenue,  
Carson, CA 90746 

E-mail: privacy@jcwhitney.com

Please allow up to 30 days for us to process your request. You may submit such a request once per year.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**

This Privacy Policy was last modified on October 27, 2016. These changes clarify the use of information with certain third parties such as affiliates, service providers and third parties who assist us with our marketing and analytics tools. We also provided applicable updates to our security technologies and provided California residents with additional information on their rights under California privacy laws. We also made certain formatting and stylistic changes to the Privacy Policy.

Please note that this Privacy Policy may change at any time. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page.
