> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the multilinkworld.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190528181247id_/http%3A//www.multilinkworld.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MultilinkWorld.com - A Leading Digital Fintech Company In India

** Privacy Policy**

Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without prior notice. You are advised to review the policies periodically for any changes. By downloading this app you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy given by the application. We will not be able to onboard   you in case you are not in agreement with the terms and condition. By mere use of MOS Utility Private Limited, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use.

** Collection of Personally Identifiable Information and other Information:**

When you use our application, we collect and store your personal information provided by you from time to time. We do so to ensure that you are provided a safe, efficient, smooth and seamless experience. This also allows us to understand your needs and provide for services and features that best suit them. We strive to provide for customizations on our application to ensure that your experience is always safer and easier. This requires collection of personal information to the extent necessary for achieving this purpose and objective. You may please note that it is mandatory to register yourself in order to use the app. And once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your behaviour on our app to the extent we deem fit. If you choose to transact on the app, we collect information about your transaction behaviour. We collect some additional information, such as a billing address, details of recipient or payer of the transaction, location, etc. which may be used for providing better experience to you while using the App. If you choose to provide information by way of messages on our message boards (as & when available) and/or chat rooms or any other message areas or if you prefer to leave feedback, we will collect that information you provide to us. We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes in terms of transactions and otherwise, where needed, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law. We collect personally identifiable information (email address, name, phone number, Aadhar number etc.) from you when you register with us to create your unique identification in terms of a Virtual Payment Address and/or any other unique registration identification that is/shall be made available to our customers.

** First Time Login Process**

** When you download & install our mobile application on your mobile phone and execute/run/open, first time we will send OTP to your mobile phone and we will read the OTP number automatically for the purpose for verification with your registered details. As our application is only for registered agents only. **** We primarily use this information to detect fraud & unauthorized usage of MOS Utility Private Limited services. We read SMS message & routing information only for mobile number verification purposes during first time installation. We do not read messages sent by any service other than OTP sent by us itself for verification purpose. ** **  **

** Use of Demographic / Profile Data / Your Information**

We use personal information to provide the services you request. We use your personal information to resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; Send money, collect money; measure consumer interest in our products and services and we may use this information to keep you apprised on any online and offline offers, products, services, and updates that shall be made available for use of our customers. We use the information thus obtained to customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our terms and conditions which are an integral part of the use of this application; and as otherwise described to you at the time of such collection. We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our app. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. MOS UTILITY PRIVATE LIMITED uses the SMS platform for sending messages related to password reset, Beneficiary addition, Maintenance Notification, Promotional offers for our Agents etc. 

** Sharing of personal information:**

We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes. We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices upon such requests, third party rights owners or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of our users or the general public. We will share some or all of your personal information with another business entity should we (or our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity, or re-organization, amalgamation, restructuring of business. Should such a transaction occur that other business entity (or the new combined entity) will be required to follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information.

** Security Precautions**

Our app has stringent security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control and follows the best practices in the industry in this regard. Whenever you change or access your account information, it is through secure channels. Once your information is in our possession we adhere to strict security guidelines, protecting it against unauthorized access.

** Your Consent**

By using the app and/ or by providing your information, you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the app in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to Your consent for sharing your information as per this privacy policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

** Further Questions?**

Please contact us regarding any questions regarding this policy, at cto@multilinkworld.com 

DATA SECURITY POLICY

User relationship and data security are part of important offerings and we consider this as the most important asset of our business model. We are committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of any personal information about our users. We are proud of our privacy practices and the strength of our App and site security and want you to know how we protect your information and use it to provide you with the best possible service. Our privacy and security standards enable us guard against identity theft and provide security for user profile and transactional history. We constantly re-evaluate our privacy and security policies and adapt them to meet data security standards and to deal with new challenges. Data Privacy We do not and will not sell, rent or lease your personal information or transactional history to any Third Parties for any revenue generation or profit making activities. Privacy of Registration Data Your Registration Information including fraud prevention control data elements like Device ID for auth, Lat Long for txn, etc stored by us for preventions and is completely confidential and is not shared with any external agency / individual at any cost and used for improving your services. We use the registration details to analyse your information consumption pattern and to offer better services and a better user experience. We may share a Basic Profile (Mobile Number, Name etc) with the agencies appointed by us to send out SMS & Email communications related to our Activities and initiatives. We have ensured that these parties shall keep any Personally Identifiable Information provided by us confidential and will not be initiating any unsolicited communication messages to you. When you visit www.paynearby.inor any other interface provided by the company, we may collect technical and navigational information, such as browser type, IP address, pages visited, and average time spent with us. This information may be used, for example, to alert you to software compatibility issues, or it may be analyzed to improve our Web design and functionality. We may use third party service providers to help us analyze certain online activities. For example, these service providers may help us measure the performance of our online campaigns or analyze visitor activity our site. We may permit these service providers to use cookies and other technologies to perform these services for optimisation of our platform. We do not share any personally identifiable information about our customers with these third party service providers, and these service providers do not collect such information on our behalf. Our third party service providers are required to comply fully with this Privacy and Security Policy. Disclosing Your Information to Protect Our Rights or If Required By Law Notwithstanding the foregoing, MOS Utility Private Limited reserves the right (and you authorize us) to share or disclose your Registration Information and Account information when MOS Utility Private Limited determines, in its sole discretion, that the disclosure of such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against you. Since your data is yours, you can remove it at anytime you want. When you request us to delete your account for the Service, your data will be permanently expunged from our primary production servers and further access to your account will not be possible. We will also promptly disconnect any connection we had established to your Account Information. However, portions of your data, consisting of aggregate data derived from your Account Information, may remain on our production servers indefinitely. Your data may also remain on a backup server or media. MOS Utility Private Limited team keeps these backups to ensure our continued ability to provide the Service to you in the event of malfunction or damage to our primary production servers. Cookies and Web Beacons Are Used To Analyze Site Usage and Improve the Service. "Cookies" are alphanumeric identifiers in the form of text files that are inserted and stored by your Web browser on your computer's hard drive. MOS Utility Private Limited team may set and access cookies on your computer to track and store preferential. We Comply With CAN-SPAM Regulations for Our News letters. MOS Utility Private Limited team sends only verified, opt-in e-mail newsletters, specifically requested by our subscribers. Because we provide you the option of receiving our promotional newsletters, MOS Utility Private Limited subscribers have the ability to opt-out of receiving these newsletters by emailing us at given mail ID. We also will not send users service-related emails which they do not have the ability to opt-out of. Your Data Is Secure and Only Seen By You. Your data is yours and only you (through your Registration Information) have access to your data on the Service. We use a combination of firewall barriers, encryption techniques and authentication procedures, among others, to maintain the security of your online session and to protect your accounts and systems from unauthorized access. Our servers are in a secure facility and access requires multiple levels of authentication, including biometrics (hand print scan) procedures. Security personnel monitor the system 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. Our databases are protected from general employee access both physically and logically. All Registration Information and Account Information is stored in an encrypted database, and all backup drives and tapes are encrypted with different keys. Contact Us If You Have Any Questions or Concerns If you have any questions, comments, concerns or feedback regarding this Privacy and Security Policy, send an email to [ cto@multilinkworld.com](mailto:cto@multilinkworld.com)

TERMS & CONDITIONS Unless otherwise stated with respect to our products and / or services are offered on an "as is" basis without any warranty whatsoever either express or implied. MOS Utility Private Limited representations, express or implied, including without limitation implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. MOS Utility Private Limited does not guarantee the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that this site or its server will be free of viruses or other harmful components or defects will be corrected even if MOS Utility Private Limited is aware of them. Copyright and Trademark Unless otherwise noted, all materials on this site are protected as the copyrights, trademarks and/ or other intellectual properties owned by MOS Utility Private Limited or by other parties that have licensed their material to MOS Utility Private Limited. All rights not expressly granted are reserved. TERMS AND CONDITIONS Please read the following terms and conditions very carefully as your use of service is subject to your acceptance of and compliance with the following terms and conditions ("Terms").By subscribing to or using any of our services you agree that you have read, understood and are bound by the Terms, regardless of how you subscribe to or use the services. If you do not want to be bound by the Terms, you must not subscribe to or use our services. In these Terms, references to "you", "User" shall mean the end user accessing the App, Website, its contents and using the Services offered through the Website. "Service Providers" mean independent third party service providers, and "we", "us" and "our" shall mean MOS Utility Private Limited, its franchisor, affiliates and partners.INTRODUCTION:1. www.paynearby.inwebsite ("Website") and the App are an Internet and App based payment acceptance platform services owned and operated by MOS Utility Private Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of India.2. Use of the App or the Website is offered to you conditioned on acceptance without modification of all the terms, conditions and notices contained in these Terms, as may be posted on the Website from time to time. MOS Utility Private Limited at its sole discretion reserves the right not to accept a User from registering on the App or Website without assigning any reason thereof. SERVICES OFFERED:MOS Utility Private Limited provides App and Internet-based services through the App and Web Site that enables users to initiate and complete the payment transactions towards the services provided by it. Upon making the payment, MOS Utility Private Limited shall update the relevant billing engine modules to record the payment made by you by using valid and self owned payment instruments. 
