> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 007b.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190518122944id_/http%3A//www.007b.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy of 007b.com

You can access and browse www.007b.com website without disclosing any of your personal information (such as name, address, telephone number, email address, or credit card information) nor do we collect information about our visitors from any public records.

If you voluntarily submit any information to me via one of the contact forms (such as your email address), I may use that to contact you, or to answer your questions. We will not trade, sell or share your personal information that you voluntarily submit to us to any third party.

  


## Statistics/Analytics

As with most other websites, this website collects statistical data about the website usage, collected by the hosting service (Dreamhost). The information collected includes your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, how you arrived at our site, the time you visited our site, which pages you visited throughout our site, and some basic information about your computer or device.

The information we collect from analytics helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better.

  


## Cookies

When you visit 007b.com, there will be a third-party cookie set on your device from Sumo.

**Disabling cookies:** You can withdraw your consent and remove or block cookies at any time using the settings in your browser. [Learn how](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/stop-cookies-installed.html). Another option to block cookies is by managing preferences in your Internet security program.

If you have an enquiry or concern about our privacy policy, please contact us at .
