> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the satmetrix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171211232418id_/http%3A//satmetrix.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Effective November 21st, 2017. This Privacy Policy explains the data practices of Satmetrix Systems, Inc. (”Satmetrix” or “Us”). This Privacy Statement covers the sites [www.satmetrix.com](https://satmetrix.com/), [www.netpromoter.com](https://www.netpromoter.com/?__hstc=95413315.0426d80dcfe978eda9943c598f454338.1485551641578.1498692717686.1498699904070.66&__hssc=95413315.7.1498699904070&__hsfp=2375220937). Part I describes our data practices with respect to Personal Data (as defined below) that Satmetrix processes on behalf of its clients; and Part II describes our data practices with respect to information we collect about our business contacts and other visitors to the Satmetrix website. It also describes the choices available regarding the use of, access to, and how to update and correct personal information. The general provisions in Part III apply to our data practices in both Part I and Part II. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact TRUSTe at <https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request>.

Satmetrix participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Satmetrix is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s [www.privacyshield.gov/list.](https://www.privacyshield.gov/list)

Satmetrix is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Satmetrix complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.

With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Satmetrix is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the [U.S. Federal Trade Commission AND/OR the U.S. Department of Transportation]. In certain situations, Satmetrix may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at <https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request>.

Under certain conditions, more fully described on the [www.privacyshield.gov/welcome](https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome), you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.

As a general description of our data processing services, Satmetrix collects (and analyzes) survey responses from our clients’ customers who consent to be contacted or who have pre-existing relationships with the Satmetrix client for which Satmetrix is conducting a survey. As described in this Part I, Satmetrix does not own the Personal Data that we process.

**1\. SATMETRIX IS A DATA PROCESSOR**

Satmetrix processes, on behalf of its clients (Satmetrix’s “Clients”), Personal Data that has been collected by or on behalf of those Clients. “Personal Data” means information relating to an identified or identifiable person. Under the United States/European Union Data Protection Safe Harbor Arrangement (the “Safe Harbor”), Satmetrix acts as a Data Processor and each Satmetrix Client acts as a Data Controller. For the purposes of the Safe Harbor and this Privacy Statement: a “Data Processor” is an entity that processes Personal Data on behalf of a Data Controller; a “Data Controller” is an entity that determines the purposes for which Personal Data are processed. To “process” Personal Data means to carry out an operation or set of operations on such Personal Data, such as collecting, recording, storing, disclosing, or organizing it. The “Data Subject” means the person to whom a certain set of Personal Data relate; for example, the person who responds to a survey.

**2\. CLIENT INSTRUCTIONS**

As a Data Processor, Satmetrix will only process Personal Data pursuant to the instructions of the applicable Client. Satmetrix may use the services of third party Data Processors to process Personal Data in accordance with purposes identified for such Personal Data by the applicable Client. Subject to the foregoing sentence and Section 1 of Part III (”Security Measures”) below, Satmetrix will not transfer Personal Data to a Third Party (which, for purposes of this Privacy Statement, means an entity other than Satmetrix and its applicable Client) without instructions from the applicable Client. Satmetrix will not be responsible for determining the authenticity of any purported Data Subject’s request to access his or her Personal Data. In the absence of express instructions to do so from the applicable Client, Satmetrix will not provide a purported Data Subject with access to his or her Personal Data unless it is demonstrated to Satmetrix’s satisfaction that the applicable Data Controller has refused such access. Satmetrix does not review, comment upon, or monitor its Clients’ compliance with their respective privacy policies, nor does Satmetrix review Client instructions to determine whether they are in compliance or conflict with the terms of a Client’s published privacy policy.

**3\. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTION**

Customer satisfaction surveys are initiated to improve the processes and relationships between our Clients and their customers. Typically a Client’s customers provide the Client with certain information including their names, companies, job titles, phone numbers, and email addresses and the Client provides such information to Satmetrix to enable us to process and analyze surveys on behalf of the Client. In addition, commercial list services may provide Satmetrix with contact information for people who have opted to receive email (”opt-in lists”) on specific topics of interest. We invite Client customers — via email, telephone, web page banners, web pop-ups, and other media — to fill out surveys hosted on Satmetrix’s site (i.e., satmetrix.com, ccsurvey.com, or any successor web site). Participation in these surveys is voluntary. When a survey respondent uses the Satmetrix site to fill out a survey, technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags, Local storage and scripts are used by Satmetrix and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you. We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking [here](https://preferences-mgr.truste.com/) (or if located in the European Union click [here](https://preferences-mgr.truste.com/)) Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. In some cases, we use unique identifiers in email messages, which enable us to determine which emails have generated responses. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and to exclude those persons who have already responded to a certain message from duplicate messages. Survey respondents may be required to submit information such as a mailing address in order receive a gift or other offering (if applicable). In the email survey invitations we send, we provide an opportunity for recipients to ‘opt-out’ of receiving future email survey invitations on behalf of the applicable Client.

**4\. USE OF NORMATIVE DATA**

Satmetrix provides research services to its Clients in which Satmetrix analyzes a Client’s customer performance data in comparison with that of other companies in the same industry as the Client (”Normative Research”). However, Satmetrix does not process any Personal Data in performing Normative Research: (a) Satmetrix uses only non-Personal Data (i.e., data that includes no personally identifiable information or unique identifiers that could later be used to refer to the personally identifiable information to which the data was once associated) in performing this Normative Research, and (b) Satmetrix discloses only non-Personal Data in aggregate form (”Normative Data”) to its Clients who have requested Normative Research. PART II: BUSINESS CONTACT INFORMATION In addition to the data we process on behalf of our Clients, Satmetrix also processes (on its own behalf) information about our Clients and the individuals who represent our Clients, as described in this Part II.

**1\. COLLECTION AND USE OF BUSINESS CONTACT DATA**

The individuals who represent Satmetrix’s Clients or potential Clients (”Business Contacts”) may voluntarily provide their contact information and related data (collectively “Business Contact Data”) to Satmetrix by various means, including telephone, email, postal mail, the “contact us” or “download” page on the Satmetrix site, or other means. The Business Contact Data submitted to Satmetrix is used to communicate with and provide services for Clients and potential Clients. Upon request Satmetrix will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. Satmetrix will change, update or delete Business Contact Data when a request by the applicable Business Contact is requested. To send a request please fill out the contact request form or send mail to Satmetrix Systems, Inc.; 1820 Gateway Drive, Suite 300 San Mateo, CA 94404. We will respond to your request for access within reasonable timeframe. When a Business Contact accesses reports through Satmetrix’s servers, or otherwise uses the Satmetrix site, our servers may place persistent cookies on the Business Contact’s computer in order to keep track of the Business Contact’s personalized settings. In some cases, we use unique identifiers in email messages sent to Business Contacts, which enable us to determine which emails have generated responses. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and to exclude those Business Contacts who have already responded to a certain message from duplicate messages. Periodically, we may have special offers that collect personally Identifiable information. That information would be used for the stated purpose and as consistent with this Privacy Policy. These special offers include but are not limited to promotional giveaways, newsletters and fact kits. Out of respect for our users’ privacy we provide a way to opt-out of our newsletter and other promotional communications. Users may opt-out by clicking on the unsubscribe link that’s included in these communications.

**2\. DISCLOSURE OF BUSINESS CONTACT DATA**

We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, you may contact us at: [privacy@satmetrix.com](mailto:privacy@satmetrix.com). Generally, Satmetrix does not provide Business Contact Data or other data to third parties. Satmetrix may provide Business Contact Data or other data to third parties to the extent such third parties provide operational assistance (i.e., outsourced or third party services) to Satmetrix and then only for that purpose. Satmetrix may share Business Contact Data or other data with its corporate family, including its parent company, subsidiaries, or other companies under common control with Satmetrix for the same operational assistance.

**1\. SECURITY MEASURES**

Satmetrix uses industry-standard security measures to protect the integrity and confidentiality of Business Contact Data as well as Personal Data it processes on behalf of Clients, including, in appropriate circumstances, the use of firewalls, restricted access, and encrypted transmissions. Satmetrix limits access to Business Contact Data or Personal Data to those persons in Satmetrix’s organization who have a business need to process such Business Contact Data or Personal Data. However, no company, including Satmetrix, can fully eliminate the security risks associated with such Business Contact Data or Personal Data. The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter information (such username & password) on our login page, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personally identiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at [privacy@satmetrix.com](mailto:privacy@satmetrix.com).

**2\. CORPORATE FAMILY AND SUCCESSORS**

If another company acquires Satmetrix or substantially all of its assets, that company will (a) succeed to ownership of the Business Contact Data held by Satmetrix and will possess the Personal Data held by Satmetrix, and (b) assume the rights and obligations regarding such Business Contact Data and Personal Data described in this Privacy Policy. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information.

**3\. QUESTIONS**

Questions, comments, or complaints about this Privacy Policy or Satmetrix’s data practices please fill out the contact request form or mailed to Satmetrix Systems, Inc.; 1820 Gateway Drive, Suite 300 San Mateo, CA 94404. We will respond to your request for access within 30 days. Any questions, comments, or complaints about the data practices (including without limitation compliance with the data privacy principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, access, security, data integrity, or enforcement) of a Satmetrix Client for whom Satmetrix processes data, should be directed to that Client.

**4\. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES**

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy Policy, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a prominent notice on our Web site. Before we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.

**5\. CHOICE/OPT-OUT**

We provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. For example, if you request information but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our contact form. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter, surveys or promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each correspondence or by emailing us at privacy@satmetrix.com. In addition you may contact us at 888-533-8347 or by mail at Satmetrix Systems, Inc.; 1820 Gateway Drive, Suite 300 San Mateo, CA 94404. You will be notified when your personal personally Identifiable information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party.

**6\. LEGAL DISCLAIMER**

In certain situations, Satmetrix may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.

**7\. DATA RETENTION**

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at [privacy@satmetrix.com](mailto:privacy@satmetrix.com). We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

**8\. REFERRALS**

If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. Satmetrix stores [or does not store] this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email [and tracking the success of our referral program]. Your friend may contact us at [privacy@satmetrix.com](mailto:privacy@satmetrix.com) to request that we remove this information from our database.

**9\. SOCIAL MEDIA WIDGETS**

Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button [and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site]. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

**10\. BLOG**

Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personally identifiable information from our blog or community forum, contact us at [privacy@satmetrix.com](mailto:privacy@satmetrix.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

**11\. Links to 3rdParty Sites**

Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Satmetrix. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.

[](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/validation?rid=45ce2cad-64cb-49f7-8007-cdd15248bd55)

Translation available in [French](https://satmetrix.com/privacy-policy/privacy-policy-fr/ "Politique de confidentialité"), [German](https://satmetrix.com/privacy-policy/privacy-policy-de/ "Datenschutzrichtlinie"), [Japanese](https://satmetrix.com/privacy-policy/privacy-policy-ja/ "プライバシー ポリシー") and [Spanish](https://satmetrix.com/privacy-policy/privacy-policy-es/ "Política de privacidad").
