> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the satsupreme.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606041234id_/http%3A//www.satsupreme.com/faq.php%3Ffaq%3Dprivacy_statement%23faq_privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

This is the web site of SatSupreme.com. We can be reached via e-mail at privacy@satsupreme.com 

We collect information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.   
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site.   
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please uncheck the "Receive Email from Administrators" box in your usercp.   
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of: https://www.google.com/adsense/policies From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.   
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.   
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), a description of information that we maintain about them.   
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, unique identifiers, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address. With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site. 

If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number. 
