> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cleanskies.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-05-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100504075030id_/http%3A//www.cleanskies.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Clean Skies

**EFFECTIVE JUNE 21, 2009**

**Introduction**  
Protecting your privacy is important to us. The following statement will help you understand how Clean Skies collects, uses and protects the personal information you provide on our website.  This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected by or submitted to our website.  Our website contains links to other websites operated by third parties.  Clean Skies is not responsible for the privacy practices or policies of other websites and this Privacy Policy does not apply to them.   

**Your Consent**  
By using our website, you are agreeing to certain collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.  If you do not consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy, you may not use our website.  Clean Skies may update or change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy on its website.  Your use of the website following any such change constitutes your consent that personal information you provide on our website after the revised Privacy Policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.  You may access the current version of our Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the link marked “Privacy Policy” found at the bottom of our home page.  If you have questions about our Privacy Policy please send them to [contact@CleanSkies.tv](mailto:contact@CleanSkies.tv).

**Information Collected**  
When you browse Clean Skies, you do so anonymously.  Personal information - including your email address - is not collected. 

We may collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser, such as your IP address (the Internet address of your computer), the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed our website, information about your computer’s operating system and browser, and the date and time of your visit.  The information provided by your web browser does not identify you personally.  We use this non-personal information primarily to create statistics that help us improve the website and make it more compatible with the technology used by our visitors.

Clean Skies also collects the personal information you voluntarily provide when you use the website; for example, the information you provide when you register, post comments, or, in the future, submit video to the site.  This includes your email and other contact information.  If you choose to share personal information, including your email address, with us, we will not sell, trade or generally share this personal information with any third party unless so stated clearly on the page where the personal information is given.  However, we may disclose personal information collected through the website when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law (or a court order or subpoena); to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft, to enforce the terms of use or other agreements that govern your use of the website; to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others, or to protect your vital interests.  Information provided to the website is an asset of Clean Skies and will become part of its normal business records.  Your personal information may be transferred to another organization that acquires Clean Skies; however, if such a transfer occurs, the acquiring organization’s use of your personal information will still be subject to this Privacy Policy.  

Clean Skies also uses “cookies” and similar technology to collect information about how the website is used and to manage the site.  A cookie is a small string of text that a website can send to your browser.  Each time you visit the website, our web server will recognize you by “searching” the information contained in these cookies.  This permits Clean Skies to offer you a personalized experience when you use the website.  A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses, or capture your email address.  

Clean Skies also uses pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising or messaging.  These GIF files are provided by our ad management partner, Google Analytics.  These files enable Google Analytics to recognize a unique cookie on your web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website.  The cookie was placed by us or by another advertiser who works with Google Analytics.  With both cookies and Spotlight technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable.  It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  For more information about Google Analytics, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go to <http://www.google.com/analytics>.

**Security**  
Although Clean Skies has security measures in place to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information as it travels over the Internet, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet, and Clean Skies cannot guarantee the safety of transmitting personal information over the Internet.  Likewise, although Clean Skies takes reasonable steps to limit the disclosure of personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy, Clean Skies cannot guarantee that your personal information will be secure permanently.  For example, it is possible that personal information could be lost due to technical problems or stolen.  Clean Skies is not responsible for any loss or theft of personal information.

**Children’s Privacy**  
The website is not designed for children under the age of 13.  If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  If you are under 18, please do not send any information about yourself to us without your parent’s consent.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 or from a child aged 13 to 17 without verification of parental consent, we will use reasonable efforts to delete that information as quickly as possible.
