> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clearvoicesurveys.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230072952id_/http%3A//www.clearvoicesurveys.com/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Clear Voice Surveys

###  Privacy Policy

Last Updated: 12/13/2010 

Thank you for visiting www.clearvoicesurveys.com (the "Website"). This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, and protect any information you may provide to us. Our Terms of Use available at <http://www.clearvoicesurveys.com/TermsOfUse.aspx> describe the terms and conditions governing your access to and use of the Website and are incorporated herein by reference and form an essential part of this Privacy Policy. 

**YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, AND CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE FOLLOWING ANY CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, SIGNIFIES YOUR CONSENT TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY BOTH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THOSE SET FORTH IN OUR TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE WEBSITE OR PROVIDE ANY INFORMATION TO US.**

In order to use the Website to and surveys and earn rewards, you will need to create an account. To set up an account, we will collect several personally identifiable information ("Personal Information"). We may also collect certain indirect and/or aggregate information as a result of your use of, and interaction with, the Website ("Usage Information").

  1. What Personal Information is collected from me? 

We collect information in several ways from different parts of our website. Some personal information is gathered when you register. During registration, we require a unique email address and private password. We may also ask you to voluntarily provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests so we may target the surveys you receive and contact preferences. Wherever Clear Voice Surveys collects personal information, we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page. You may choose not to provide your Personal Information; however creating an account is a prerequisite for using the full functions of the Website. If, outside of the Website, you provide any Personal Information to a third party company on whose behalf you are completing a survey, for example, in order to receive delivery of a product to be tested, then the use of your Personal Information will be governed by the privacy policy and practices of such third party company. You should always review the website and privacy policies of any party to whom you intend to provide your Personal Information. **WE WILL NOT AND CANNOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO ANY OTHER PARTY BY A MEANS OUTSIDE OF THE SITE.**

  2. What Usage Information is collected from me? 

We may also collect certain indirect and/or aggregate information as a result of your use of, and interaction with, the Website. We may use certain standard web measurement and tracking technologies such as "cookies," web server logs, or other statistics programs to collect Usage Information and track and record how you use the Website. This data is anonymous and does not personally identify you. We use cookies to (a) remind us of who you are in order to deliver you better service; (b) estimate our audience size by determining repeat usage of the Web site to help target advertisements based on user interests and behavior; (c) track your progress in surveys; and (d) measure certain traffic patterns for use as a research tool to understand how our users' habits are similar or different from one another. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. By not accepting cookies, some Web pages may not display properly or you may not be permitted to access certain information. We also collect IP addresses (the Internet address of a computer) to track your session while maintaining your anonymity. We analyze this data for certain trends in statistics, such as which parts of our site users are visiting and how long they spend there. In those limited cases where session information is not anonymous, Clear Voice Surveys will provide notice of the practice and an opportunity to "opt out". Research companies that you may take surveys with through Clear Voice Surveys may also use their own cookies. The content of such cookies and the use of the information they contain is controlled by the individual research companies, not by Clear Voice Surveys. 

  3. How is my information used? 

We will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to others without your consent. The information you provide will be used to support your relationship with Clear Voice Surveys. Your information may be shared with agents, contractors, or business partners for the purpose of performing services for Clear Voice Surveys. We WILL not use spy ware, adware or any other similarly intrusive software We want to help you quickly find information on the Website and alert you to specific surveys, updated information, and other new opportunities. Accordingly, we may send you direct mailings, or contact you by telephone about our various surveys and other opportunities we feel may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply "opt-out" by the means provided for in the mailings or by clicking Contact Us. By not opting out, you expressly agree that a business relationship exists between you and us and that we may call you in connection with such existing business relationship. We do research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us during your use of the Clear Voice Surveys Web site. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. Aggregated data does not include personally identifiable information. Clear Voice Surveys may share this aggregated data with others. 

  4. Who is collecting my information? 

When you are on the Website and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Clear Voice Surveys alone, unless specifically stated otherwise. If data is being collected and/or maintained by any company other than us, you will be notified prior to the time of the data collection or transfer. If you do not want your data to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by not participating in that particular survey. 

  5. With whom does Clear Voice Surveys share my information? 

Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share the personal data you provide with our agents, contractors or our business partners for the purposes of performing services us. Clear Voice Surveys may share aggregated data with others. Aggregated data does not include personally identifiable information. We may also disclose the information we collect from and about you: (a) when necessary to perform services on your behalf, such as to obtain commercial and credit information to establish, maintain or renew a customer contract; (b) when we have reason to believe that such disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, customers or other users of the Website, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities, or is appropriate or necessary to enforce the Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, investigate and defend against any third-party claims or allegations, and/or protect the security or integrity of the Website; (c) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law or to comply with the rules and regulations of any credit or debit card payment network, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or such rules and regulations; (d) to our business partners for research, analytical and marketing purposes, such as analyzing usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Website and/or to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, or other businesses or persons for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf.; or (e) otherwise with your consent. We may sell or buy other businesses or entities. In such event, we may transfer or assign the information we have collected as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control In such transactions, your information, including Personal Information, may be included in the transferred business assets. Also, in the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we may not be able to control how your information, including Personal Information, is treated, transferred, or used and your information, including Personal Information, may be included in the transferred assets. We may use your Usage Information to identify and develop products and services that may be of interest to you and/or share this information with certain third parties for direct marketing purposes with respect to special offers, products, services, programs, promotions, surveys, publications, invitations or other opportunities that may be of interest to certain demographic groups. We do not sell your information to third parties and have no intention of doing so in the future. Under the laws of some jurisdictions, you may be entitled to request disclosure regarding how we share your Usage Information with third parties for direct marketing purposes ("Information-Sharing Disclosure"). To the extent required by applicable law, we shall provide the Information-Sharing Disclosure to you upon rightful request made in writing to Clear Voice Research, LLC, 1675 Larimer Street Suite 640, Denver, CO 80202. Except as explained above, we will not share any of your information with any third party, unless we have received your express permission to do so. 

  6. How do I access, update or delete my information? 

You can request the individual information that we have collected about you, correct factual inaccuracies in your information, remove personal information from our data bases, and/or update your Personal Information by clicking Contact Us or updating your information on our website. 

  7. What does "opt-out" mean? 

To "opt-out" means that you have notified us that you no longer wish to receive email or telephone opportunities to participate in surveys and that you "opt-out" of receiving such information in the future. 

  8. What else should I know about my privacy? 

Third party Internet sites and services accessible through Clear Voice Surveys have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of us. We have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions. Please be careful and responsible online. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we strive to protect your information, Clear Voice Surveys cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information through the transmission process and you do so at your own risk. 

  9. What about my children and their use of your Web site? 

The Website is not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from, children under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not use or access the Website at any time or in any manner. If you believe that you may have information regarding a person under 13 that you believe to have registered an account with, or otherwise provided Personal Information via, the Website, please contact us at customercare@clearvoicesurveysmail.com. 

  10. How can this policy be changed? 

If we wish to change this policy, we will publish the changes on this website at least 30 days before those changes take effect. We will also notify registered users of changes to this policy by electronic mail. As always, if you do not agree with any changes to our privacy policy, you have the option of requesting that we delete your personally identifiable information from the site. 

  11. Linked Websites 

Our Website may contain links to other websites which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the collection, use or disclosure of information collected through third-party websites and expressly disclaim any liability related to such collection, use or disclosure. We are also not responsible for any information or content contained on such websites. Links to other websites are provided solely as a convenience. Your browsing, use and interaction on any other websites, including websites which have a link to the Website, are subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any website that you may access through, or which links to the Website. 

  12. Security Concerns 

We take commercially reasonable precautions and have implemented commercially reasonable technical measures intended to protect against the risks of unauthorized access to, erroneous disclosure of, and unlawful interception of information submitted via the Website. However, your email transmissions and/or other communications containing such information, including Personal Information, may be unlawfully intercepted or accessed by third parties and/or the Website may be subject to hostile network attacks or administrative errors. We cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information transmitted over the Internet. Once we receive your information, we take steps that we believe are commercially reasonable to limit access to your information to only those employees and service providers whom we determine need access to the information to provide the requested services, products, offers or opportunities that may be of interest to you. However, even after we receive your information, we cannot guarantee that your information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed as a result of a breach of our commercially reasonable efforts or as a result of any other event beyond our reasonable control. Accordingly, we cannot and do not guarantee that your information, including Personal Information, is completely secure and safe from such risks. **FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ENSURING, GUARANTEEING OR OTHERWISE OFFERING ANY DEFINITIVE PROMISE OF SECURITY IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR INFORMATION, INCLUDING PERSONAL INFORMATION OR USAGE INFORMATION, THROUGH THE WEBSITE.**

  13. Special Note to International Users 

By using the Website, you agree and acknowledge that the Website is hosted in the United States. If you are attempting to access the Website from a physical location within Canada, the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, which is governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Policy, and the Terms of Use, you are transferring your information, including Personal Information, to the United States and you consent to such transfer. Use of this Website and the interpretation of this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and/or the State of Colorado, United States of America; other than such rules, regulations, case law, and/or international treaties that would result in the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or the State of Colorado. Through your use of this Website, you consent to the application of such laws and the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the United States and the State of Colorado in all disputes: (a) arising out of or relating to the Website and/or this Privacy Policy; (b) in which the Website and/or this Privacy Policy is an issue of fact; or (c) in which the Website and/or this Privacy Policy is referenced in a paper filed in such dispute. Both Clear Voice Surveys and you hereby agree that such courts shall have in personam jurisdiction and venue with respect to such party, and each of us hereby submits to the in personam jurisdiction and venue of such courts and waives any objection based on inconvenient forum. A printed version of this Privacy Policy and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Privacy Policy to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. 

  14. Additional Questions 

Questions regarding this privacy statement should be directed to Clear Voice Surveys using [Contact Us](http://www.clearvoicesurveys.com/Contact.aspx). 



