> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clevergirlscollective.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625134751id_/http%3A//clevergirlscollective.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Clever Girls Collective | Welcome!

Clever Girls Collective, Inc. (hereafter “we”, “our”, or “us”) has developed this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) in a continued effort to protect the privacy of our users. This Policy applies to your use of our website and any related services (the “Services”) under the domain CleverGirlsCollective.com. By using the Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not use the Services.

## What Information We Collect & How We Use It

  1. Account registration. We create your User account for your use of the Service based upon the information you provide, including but not limited to your name, email address and a password (“Personal Information”). We may collect other Personal Information that you choose to provide us, including the content of your emails, demographic information, marital status, household income, education, employment status and post office address, as described below.
  2. Communications and Voluntarily Provided Information. We use your Personal Information to contact you with Clever Girls Collective newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. We also use your Personal Information to respond to your questions and/or inquiries. If you provide us feedback or contact us via email, we will collect other content included in the email – in addition to your name and email address – in order to send you a reply. When you participate in one of our surveys or contests, we may collect additional Personal Information. When you post content (text, images, photographs, messages, comments or any other kind of content that is not your email address) through our Service, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it. We may also collect Personal Information, such as demographic information (like zip code, age or gender), from you at other points in our Service that state that Personal Information is being collected. In addition, you may choose to provide us with additional information, including but not limited to, marital status, household income, education and employment status. For example, we may offer online surveys and questionnaires that ask for opinions on various issues and/or other information. Or we may operate sweepstakes, contests and giveaways through our Service and ask for post office addresses to verify identity. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive communications from us, or if you want us to delete your Personal Information, please follow the instructions provided in “Your choices Regarding Unformation,” below.
  3. Data. When you use the Service, whether as a registered User or a non-registered User just browsing, our servers automatically record information from the Services (“Data”). This Data may include information such as the screens of our Service that you visit, the time spent on those screens, information you search for on our Service, access times and dates, and other statistics. Clever Girls Collective may also collect anonymous information, including the Internet protocol address (“IP Address”) of your computer, which is a number that is assigned by your Internet service provider (“ISP”) to your computer to identify its location. Each user’s IP Address is logged with each visit and each action performed with our Service. Clever Girls Collective may use anonymous information about your online activities and share this information with one or more third parties for use in tailoring ads to users on the Service and on third party sites and in analyzing and reporting on the advertising that you see. As a part of our commitment to respect privacy concerns, we will, and we will require such third parties to, provide users with the ability to opt out of such use. To opt-out of behavioral advertising, please contact us via email with your request. Except as otherwise provided in this Policy, your IP Address is never provided to third parties and is logged only for a temporary period of time. Clever Girls Collective uses the Data it collects to monitor and analyze use of the Service and the Service’s technical administration, to increase our Service’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor our Service to our visitors’ needs. As is true of most websites, Clever Girls Collective gathers certain information automatically and stores it in log files. This information includes IP Addresses, browser type, ISP, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Service, track users’ movements around the Service and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Except as noted in this Privacy Statement, we do not link this automatically collected data to Personal Information. This Policy applies to your use of our website, Clever Girls member websites, which are sites that specifically link to this policy, and any related services under the domain CleverGirlsCollective.com and the urls associated with Clever Girls Collective as listed at the end of this Policy.
  4. Cookies. In order to improve our Services and to provide more convenient, relevant experiences to our users, we and our advertisers and agents may use “cookies,” including “cross domain cookies,” single-pixel GIFs, and similar devices to track your activities. A “cookie” is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card and enables Clever Girls Collective to record your passwords and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. A “cross domain cookie” Is a cookie that allows Clever Girls Collective, its advertisers and agents to track your activities across the domains that you visit. A “single-pixel GIF” is a small transparent gif image that is embedded in an HTML page or email used to track when the page or email has been viewed. A similar device may be used by which a service may send data to a server when a set of user-initiated events occur. This device is similar to a cookie in that it tracks your visit and the data can only be read by the server that receives the data. It is different than a cookie in that it is not browser-based, may not function as an identification card, and does not store any data on your computer. While Clever Girls Collective uses cookies, single-pixel GIFs and similar devices to track your use of the Service and other sites (such as the number of downloads, how many users we receive daily, the Service pages visited), and web servers automatically log the IP Address, Clever Girls Collective does not use this information to identify you personally. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies and most services that include similar devices are typically initially activated to collect data. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. (For some web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies or similar devices will probably not be able to access those pages or the related services).



## Sharing Of Your Information

  1. Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information. We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose non-identifying information and Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.
  2. Service Providers. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services (e.g., maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Service’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
  3. Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement. Clever Girls Collective cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We can disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process including, but not limited to, subpoenas, to protect the property and rights of Clever Girls Collective or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
  4. Business Transfers. Clever Girls Collective may sell, divest, transfer, assign, share or otherwise engage in a transaction that involves, some or all of our assets, including any or all of the information described in this Policy, in the course of a corporate divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or any other similar transaction or proceeding.



## Your Choices Regarding Information

You have several choices regarding the use of information on our Service:

  1. Email Communications. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive email communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of our communications.
  2. Changing or Deleting Your Password. All Users may modify their passwords in their User account by editing their profile via the Service.
  3. Deletion of Personal Information. You may request deletion of your Personal Information by Clever Girls Collective by sending an email to support@clevergirlscollective.com, but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete the account information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. Clever Girl Collective takes reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Information is relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used, reliable for its intended use, and accurate, complete and current. We depend on you to update and correct your Personal Information to the extent necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and subsequently authorized by you.



## Links To Other Sites And Services

Our Service contains links to other third-party websites and online services. If you choose to visit another website or online service by clicking on a link, you will be directed to that third party’s website or online service. The fact that we may link to a website or online service is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites and online services, and these third parties may place their own cookies or other files on your computer and collect data or solicit Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information from you. Other sites and online services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and/or disclosure of Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites or online services you visit before providing any information or using such websites or services.

## How We Store And Protect Information

  1. Information Security. We care about the security of your information. We use commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of information collected and maintained through the Service. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by unauthorized persons.
  2. Phishing. Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to Clever Girls Collective. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not request your credit card information, login information, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website.
  3. Breach Notification. We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Service in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
  4. International Transfer. Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Clever Girls Collective transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.



## Our Policy Towards Children’s Information

This Service is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.

## Policy Updates

If we decide to make material changes to our Policy, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Service and updating the date at the top of the Privacy Statement. Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of our Policy whenever you visit the Service for any updates or changes. Any material changes to this Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on the Service. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Information to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Policy may affect our use or disclosure of Personal Information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use or disclosure of your Personal Information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us. Continued use of, and access to our Service, following notice of such changes, shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

## How To Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Policy or any of the practices described herein, please contact us at support@CleverGirlsCollective.com.

Affiliated URLs: www.clevergirlscollective.com; micro.clevergirlscollective.com; tags.clevergirlscollective.com, member.clevergirlscollective.com; tweets.clevergirlscollective.com; api.clevergirlscollective.com
