> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clevertraining.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-09-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190929003459id_/https%3A//www.clevertraining.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Clever Training knows that you care how your information is used and shared. We appreciate your trust that we will use your information carefully and sensibly. This Statement describes our privacy policy with respect to information that we collect through the website at www.clevertraining.com (the "Site"), from your mobile phone or device as a result of your participation in mobile marketing, as described below under "What Information Do We Collect And How Do We Use It?". By visiting www.clevertrainig.com you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Statement. We will not sell, share, trade, or give away any personal information that we receive regarding our customers. We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy. 

**PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION**  
We will collect and store personally identifiable information whenever you do the following: 

  * **Purchase our products.** When you purchase products from us through the Site, we will collect personally identifiable information about you such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, mobile phone number, and credit card number. We use this information to process and communicate with you about your order. When you purchase a product through the Site, you may also choose whether you want us to send you information about our products, services, special promotions or incentives.
  * **Volunteer information.** In order to provide you with a better and more personalized service as well as to keep you updated on our and third parties' products and services, we may collect other personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide us such as information about your personal preferences, survey responses, details on your transactions and interactions with us.
  * **Create an account.** You have the option to create an account with us on the Site. When you create an account, we collect personally identifiable information such as your name, mailing address, telephone number, mobile number and email address. We use this information to manage your account and customize and enhance your online shopping experience. For example, when you create an account on the Site, you will be able to create and maintain a Wish List of items that can be shared with your family and friends, use our "express checkout" feature, and view your entire order history. You may also choose whether you want us to send you information about our products, services, special promotions or incentives. You may choose not to create an account or not to provide us with certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of the features on the Site.
  * **Join our VIP loyalty program.** You have the option to join our VIP loyalty program, which provides you with rewards for shopping at Clever Training. To join VIP, you will be required to provide personally identifiable information such as your name and email address. We will also maintain a record of your purchases. We will use this information to manage and communicate with you about your VIP account. When you sign up for VIP, you may also choose whether you want us to let you know about our products, services, special promotions or incentives.
  * **Request a catalog and/or email announcements.** You may request that we provide you with email announcements and/or our catalog by signing up on the Site. In order to fulfill your request, we will collect your name, mailing address, mobile number, and/or your email address.
  * **Complete a survey or product review.** On occasion, we may request that you complete a survey. Your participation in any survey is completely voluntary. If you complete a survey, we will use the information you provide to help us enhance the Site and the products and services we offer. You may also wish to provide us with a review of a product you have purchased. If you provide us with a review, we will use the information to improve the products we offer and we may elect to anonymously post the review to assist other customers with their purchase decisions.
  * **Enter a contest or sweepstakes.** From time to time, you may have the opportunity to enter a contest or sweepstakes that we offer, either on the Site or on your mobile phone or device. In order to enter a contest or sweepstakes, you may be required to provide certain personally identifiable information such as your name, email address, age, photograph, telephone number, mobile number and/or mailing address. We will use this information to notify contest winners of awards and prizes. We may also use the information to let you know about our products, services, special promotions or incentives that may be of interest to you. On occasion, we may join with a select third party to offer a contest or sweepstakes, in which case you may choose whether we may also share the information you provide on your entry form with our co-sponsor so that it can inform you of products or services that may be of interest.
  * **Email To A Friend or Email your Wish List.** If you elect to use any "Email To A Friend" or "Email Your Wish List" feature on the Site for informing a friend about the Site or products you are interested in, we will ask for the email address of your friend. We use this information only for the purpose of forwarding the selected item(s) or your Wish List. We do not store this information. Contact us with a question or concern. If you contact our customer care center, in order to better serve your needs, a representative will ask you to provide certain personal information like your name, mailing address, telephone number, mobile number, and/or email address.



**DEMOGRAPHIC INFORMATION**  
When you provide information for any of the above purposes, you may also be asked to provide demographic information, such as your age or state of residence. We use demographic information to analyze and improve the Site and the products and services we offer, as well as the quality of your on-line visits. We may also use demographic information and/or your purchase history to customize your shopping experience and to help us determine whether you may be interested in a particular product or service. On occasion, we may obtain information about you from other sources to enhance our ability to serve your needs, such as ensuring the delivery of materials you have requested. 

**AGGREGATE INFORMATION**  
When you use the Site, we may collect tracking information such as your browser type, the type of operating system you use, the domain name of your Internet service provider, and pages visited on the Site. None of this information identifies you personally; we collect it for aggregate reporting on site activity. For example, we may want to know how long the average user spends on the Site, or which pages or features get the most attention. We use this information to make the Site more useful to our customers. 

  * **Web Beacons.** We use "Web Beacon" (also known as "clear GIF", "pixel tag", "data tag" or "image tag") technology to collect anonymous, non-personal information about how the Site is used. We use this information to make improvements to our Site and to help us plan for technical improvements. This information will not identify you or any other user of the Site as an individual.
  * **E-Mail.** We use clear gifs in our HTML - based emails that tell us whether or not you can accept HTML images and, if you can accept HTML, whether or not you viewed the e-mail. We use this information to help us make e-mails about our products and services more useful and interesting. This process does not leave any information on your computer, nor does it collect information from your computer. We do not sell this information to others, and we only use it to improve our e-mail communications with you.
  * **Cookies.** "Cookies" are alphanumeric identifiers in the form of text files that are inserted and stored by your web browser on your computer's hard drive. Clever Training may set and access cookies on your computer to track and store preferential information about you. We use cookies to understand how www.clevertraining.com visitors click to the Site and what pages they view during their visit. Cookies allow us to personalize your shopping experience and speed the check out process. We do not store any personal or financial information in any cookie at any time. We also use a session cookie, which is not placed on your hard drive. A session cookie is a piece of identification between your browser and our server that keeps track of the items in your shopping cart and other session information. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. This cookie will disappear when the session expires or when you close your browser. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access, we have put in place suitable physical and electronic procedures to safeguard the information we collect online. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.



We may also use third party service providers for research purposes, including helping us to measure and analyze how visitors click to and use the Site. To do this, we may use cookies or web beacons provided by these third parties to track the types of non-personal information described above. Such aggregated information is used within Clever Training's internal organization and is only shared with third parties on an aggregated and non-personally identifiable basis.

The "help" function on most browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies or to disable cookies entirely. However, if you don't accept cookies, you won't be able to take advantage of various features on the Site that are available to other visitors. 

**STORING INFORMATION**  
We do not undertake to maintain any information about you for a duration greater than necessary to provide services to you or as provided by law, rule or regulation. We shall only use it for the purposes for which it was submitted, unless you indicate otherwise. By providing your mobile number for delivery of content, you will be deemed to have given us permission to store your mobile number for the purposes only of delivering such content.

**DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE RECEIVE?**  
Although the information we collect about you is important to us, we are not in the business of renting or selling that information to others. We may share the information covered by this Privacy Statement with our affiliated companies, agents, and representatives so that they may offer you products or services that may be of interest. Clever Training may share some of your personally identifiable information with its affiliates, and you authorize Clever Training and its affiliates to use your personally identifiable information in connection with electronic communications to you, including, without limitation, email, voicemail, text messaging, SMS, MMS, WAP, BREW and other means of mobile content delivery, and off-line offerings or campaigns. We may also share your personally identifiable information (with your consent, as provided herein) with co-sponsors of contests or sweepstakes or to others for marketing purposes. However, we will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties for these purposes without your consent. Clever Training is not responsible for any third party use of such information or for the privacy policies and practices of these parties. If you would like information on any other party's privacy policy, you should contact that party directly, and we encourage you to do so. We expect those parties with whom we share information to respect your privacy in the same manner as we do. However, we cannot ensure that they abide by our privacy policies.

If you do not want to receive promotional information from our affiliated companies, see the instructions below under "How Do I Opt Out Or Change My Information?"

In addition, aggregate information that does not identify particular individuals, such as the number or percentage of visitors who fall within a certain category or categories, may be provided to third parties. We may share your information with third parties in the following circumstances:

  *  **Service Providers:** We may use third party advertising companies to collect data and/or serve ads when you visit our website or application. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites or applications in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Please keep in mind that your browser settings may not permit you to control the technologies utilized by these third party companies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
  * **Legal Obligations:** From time to time, we may be required to share personal information in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful.
  * **Protection of Clever Training and Others:** We may release personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or any rule, regulation, government or court order; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Clever Training, our affiliated companies, our users, or others. However, this does not include selling, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Statement.
  * **Business Transfers:** As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Statement (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Clever Training, any of its affiliated companies, or substantially all of its or their assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
  * **With Your Consent:** Other than as set out above, you will receive notice and choice as to when your personal information might be shared with unrelated third parties. For example, we may on occasion join with select third parties to offer promotions in which you may choose to receive promotional or other information from our co-sponsor.



**HOW SECURE IS THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT?**  
Clever Training believes in providing a safe and secure shopping experience for all of our customers. We want you to feel comfortable that personal information such as your name, address and credit card number will be kept safe throughout your entire shopping experience at the Site available at www.clevertraining.com. The Site accepts orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology; for example, 3.0 versions or higher of Netscape Navigator and versions 3.02 or higher of Internet Explorer. This means you'll be unable to inadvertently place an order through an unsecured connection.. Despite all these precautions, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

We use reasonable security measures and take reasonable system, process and administrative precautions to protect against the loss, misuse and unauthorized access of your personal information under our control. Clever Training cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via e-mail, online or over your mobile phone or device. You transmit such information at your own risk. 

**HOW DO I OPT OUT OR CHANGE MY INFORMATION?**  
You can change your preferences or access and update information in your account profile at the Site available at www.clevertraining.com at any time by logging in with your email address and password. Once you have logged in, you can update your name, email, password, and/or change your address and preference to receive marketing information. 

**CHILDREN'S POLICY**  
We understand and share your concerns regarding your children's access to the internet and the internet's access to your children. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we do not knowingly request, accept, maintain, or disclose information submitted to us online by any visitor under 13 years of age.  
If we become aware that an individual under 13 has provided information to us online, we will not use or disclose that individual's information for any purpose unless required to do so by law. If a child whom we know to be under age thirteen sends personal information to us online, the e-mail address of the child will be deleted and no personal information will be collected, stored, or disclosed. 

**THIRD PARTY LINKS**  
The Site may also contain links to other third party sites that are not under our control. These sites may have their own policies, or not policies at all, regarding privacy. You should seek and review these policies before providing information to these sites. Clever Training has no responsibility for linked websites and provides these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. Clever Training also maintains a strict "no-spam" policy and fully complies with CAN-SPAM Act regulations. 

**TERMS OF USE, NOTICES, AND REVISIONS**  
If you choose to visit the Site at www.clevertraining.com, your use, visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Statement and our Terms of Use, including limitations on liability and damages, application of the law of the State of Indiana and resolution of any disputes in Indiana. If you have any concern about privacy at the Site, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and this Privacy Statement, the Terms of Use and the Site will change also. We may, in our sole discretion, e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check the Site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, any revised Privacy Statement will replace the prior Privacy Statement and will apply to past and current visitors. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our Privacy Statement to make it less protective of customer information collected in the past without notifying affected customers, either by communicating directly with those customers or by posting the changes on the Site.
