> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clevver.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101205002944id_/http%3A//www.clevver.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Clevver Media :: LLC

PRIVACY STATEMENT

Welcome to Clevver.com (also referred as the **"Clevver Site"** ). Please read this privacy statement before using the Web site. By continuing to access or use this site, or any services on this site, you signify YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.

By using or registering for the services offered on the Clevver Site (collectively, the **"Clevver Service"** ), users and the entities or persons that they represent (the **"Users"** ) agree to be legally bound and abide by the terms, conditions, and notices of this privacy statement (the **"Privacy Statement"** ). These privacy practices include the following: (a) an explanation of the personally identifiable information that is collected from each User; (b) the organization collecting the information; (c) how the information is used; (d) with whom the information may be shared; (e) which choices are available to the User regarding the collection, use and distribution of the information; (f) the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information; and (g) how the User can correct any inaccuracies in the information. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Clevver Media LLC through one of the feedback forms the User will find on the website, or by sending a notice by U.S. Mail to Clevver Media LLC 8350 Wilshire Blvd. Suite 200 Beverly Hills, CA 90211, Attention: Director of Online Content.

Clevver.com does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13). Federal law requires website operators who collect personal information to acquire parental consent first. Moreover, children should always obtain permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves, such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers, over the Internet, to Clevver.com or to anyone else.

User information is highly valuable to Clevver.com because it allows Clevver.com to tailor the Web site to fit the needs of its Users. However, this information is provided to the Website by the User on an entirely voluntary basis. If the User chooses not to supply the information, Clevver.com may be unable to provide the User with services that it makes available to the other Users of the Web site. Notwithstanding the above, a User, who wants to remain completely anonymous, is still able to take advantage of the wealth of content available on the Clevver.com site without registration.

To help make the Clevver.com Web site more responsive to the needs of its Users, Clevver.com invokes a standard feature of browser software, known as a "cookie," to assign each User a unique, random number, similar to a user ID, that resides on the User's computer. The cookie does not identify the User in any manner, only the computer that the User uses to access the Web site. Unless the User voluntarily identifies himself or herself, Clevver.com will not know the identity of the User, even if a cookie is assigned to the User's computer. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information that the User voluntarily supplies. Moreover, a cookie does not have the ability to read data directly from a User's hard drive.

Clevver.com uses cookies to help it tailor the Web site to the User's needs and to deliver a better, more personalized service. Clevver.com may use cookies to track the pages on its Web site, which is visited by its Users. Thus, Clevver.com is able to build a better site if it knows which pages that its Users are visiting and how often. The User can set his or her browser not to accept cookies, but this action may result in the User's inability to take full advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other Users to this Web site.

Clevver.com's web servers automatically collect limited information about the connection of the User's computer to the Internet, including its IP address and the dates and times that the User visits the Web site. The IP address is a number that informs the computers that are attached to the Internet know where to send the User data, but it does not identify the User personally. Clevver.com uses this information to deliver its web pages to the User upon request, to tailor its site to the interests of its users, and to measure traffic within the Web site.

To make the Web site more valuable to its visitors, Clevver.com offers some features in conjunction with other providers. The Clevver.com site may also include links to other websites whose privacy policies are not controlled by Clevver.com. Once the User leaves Clevver.com's servers, the use of any information the User may provide is governed by the privacy of the operator of the site that the User is visiting. That policy may differ from the policy of Clevver.com. If the User cannot find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site's homepage, the User should contact the site directly for more information. Additionally, Clevver.com's advertisers may assign their own cookies to a User's browser, which is a process that Clevver.com cannot control.

When Clevver.com presents information to its advertisers to help them evaluate the Clevver.com audience and confirm the value of advertising on the Web site, this information is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within the Clevver.com site. From time to time, Clevver.com may share information about visitors to its site with those marketing products and services that Clevver.com has reason to believe may be of interest to its Users.

All information gathered on any Clevver.com Web site is stored within a Clevver.com-controlled database accessible only to Clevver.com and its agents. However, despite the use of reasonable security measures, no security system is impenetrable. Clevver.com cannot guarantee absolutely the security of its database and cannot guarantee that information the User supplies will not be intercepted while being transmitted to Clevver.com over the Internet. Additionally, any information that the User includes in a message posted to any chat room, forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access. Thus, if the User does not want anyone to know his or her email address, for example, the User should not include this information in any message that the User posts publicly.  
  
Copyright © 2010 Clevver Media LLC. All Rights Reserved. 
