> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cleverreach.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191210063600id_/https%3A//www.cleverreach.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - CleverReach

## 1\. General Privacy Policy

In the following we would like to inform you about how we process your personal data in accordance with Art. 13 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

**Data Controller**  
CleverReach GmbH & Co. KG is responsible for the data collection and processing explained in this policy. You can find our contact data in our [imprint](https://www.cleverreach.com/en/legal-information/).

**Usage data & log files**  
When you visit our web pages, temporary so-called usage data are stored on our web server for statistical purposes as a protocol to improve the quality of our web pages. This data set contains:

  * The page from which the file was requested,
  * The file name,
  * The date and time of the query,
  * The amount of data transferred,
  * The access status (file transferred, file not found),
  * The description of the type of web browser used,
  * The IP address of the requesting computer, which is shortened so that a personal reference can no longer be established.



These log data are only stored anonymously. We store this log data strictly earmarked for a maximum of seven days to be able to detect, limit, and eliminate attacks on our websites. We delete these data at the end of this period. The legal basis is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.

* * *

## 2\. Analysis tools and third-party tools

When you visit our website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This is primarily done with cookies and so-called analysis programs. The analysis of your surfing behavior usually takes place anonymously – it cannot be traced back to you. You may object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Read this privacy policy for further details.

* * *

## 3\. Cookies

We use cookies on our websites. Cookies are small data files that are placed and read on your device. There is a difference between session cookies, which are deleted when you close your browser, and permanent cookies, which are stored beyond the individual session. Cookies may contain data that make it possible to recognize the device used. In some cases, however, cookies only contain information on certain settings that cannot be related to individuals. On our websites, we use both session and permanent cookies. The processing is carried out on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR and in the interest of optimizing or enabling user guidance and adapting the presentation of our website. You can set your browser so that it informs you about the placement of cookies, which makes the use of cookies transparent for you. You can also delete cookies at any time via the respective browser setting and prevent the placing of new cookies. Please note that our web pages may not be displayed properly and that some functions may no longer be technically available.

* * *

## 4\. Google Analytics

For the demand-oriented design of our website we create pseudonymous usage profiles with Google Analytics. Google Analytics use cookies that are placed on your device and we can read them. This allows us to recognize returning visitors and count them as such. Data processing is carried out on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR and § 15 (3) of German Telemedia Act and in the interest of finding out how often our websites have been accessed by various users.

The information a cookie generates about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the United States and stored there. However, because we have activated IP anatomization on this website, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within Member States of the European Union. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA (an appropriate level of data protection is available according to Art. 45 (1) GDPR through Google’s participation in the Privacy Shield) and only shortened there. We have concluded a contract for order processing with Google Inc. (USA) in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. Google will therefore only use all information strictly for the purpose of evaluating the use of our website for us and compiling reports on website activities. You can object to the processing at any time. Please use one of the following options:

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the respective settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under the following link: [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en)](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).

* * *

## 5\. Facebook Pixel

Our website uses the visitor action pixel of Facebook, Facebook Inc, 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”) for conversion tracking. This way, the behavior of page visitors can be tracked after they have been forwarded to the provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement. This allows the effectiveness of Facebook advertisements to be evaluated for statistical and market research purposes and future advertising measures to be optimized. For us as the operator of this website, the collected data is anonymous; we cannot draw any conclusions about the identity of the users. However, Facebook stores and processes your data, so that a connection to the respective user profile is possible and Facebook can use the data for its own advertising purposes, in accordance with the Facebook data use guidelines. This allows Facebook to serve ads on Facebook pages and outside of Facebook. We as the site operator cannot influence the use of data. Facebook pixels are used on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in effective advertising measures including social media.

Please see Facebook’s privacy policy for more information about your privacy: [ https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/). You can also deactivate the marketing function “Custom Audiences” in the settings section for advertisements at [https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen.](https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen)You must be logged in to Facebook. If you do not have a Facebook account, you can disable Facebook usage-based advertising on the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance website: <http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices>.

* * *

## 6\. Retargeting Google

We use Google’s cross-device remarketing technologies to enable us to display targeted advertising on other websites based on your visit to our websites. Data processing is carried out on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both their website and their advertising. When you visit our websites, it is possible that Google’s Cross-Device Remarketing technologies may retrieve recognition features for your browser or your end device (e.g. create a so-called browser fingerprint), evaluate your IP address or store a recognition feature in the form of a small data file on your end device (e.g. a so-called third-party cookie). It is also possible that Google may link and store your visit to our website with one or more of these recognition features in order to display our advertising on other pages on the Internet.The recognition features described above are designed as pseudonyms. Due to the cross-device remarketing technologies at Google, we can commission the placement of advertisements on other websites that are based on the visits on our websites. So, if you visit another website that is part of Google’s display advertising network, Google can use the recognition features to determine alternatives, and if so, which of our ads should be displayed to you. For more information on how Google Remarketing technologies work, visit <https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/>.

If you sign in to Google services with your own credentials or use one or more of your own Google accounts, Google may link the recognition features of different browsers and devices. So, if Google has created a recognition feature for your laptop, desktop PC or smartphone or tablet, you can associate those features once you use or have used a Google service with your sign-in information. In this way, Google can also play our advertising campaigns beyond end devices in a targeted manner. However, Google will only do this if you have agreed to this data processing in the past. You have the option of making settings for advertising. You can object to this form of advertising at any time. To do so, please visit <https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922> and deactivate personalized advertising. Please note that these settings may not affect all devices and browsers.

* * *

## 7\. Google AdWords (as of 24 July, 2018 Ads) and Google Conversion Tracking

This website uses Google AdWords. AdWords is an online advertising program of Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”). In the context of Google AdWords, we use the so-called Conversion Tracking. When you click on an ad served by Google, a cookie is placed for conversion tracking. Cookies are small data files that the Internet browser places on a user’s computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and Clever Reach can recognize that the user has clicked on the ad and has been redirected to this page. Each Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Cookies cannot be tracked through the websites of AdWords customers. The information collected using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers see the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, they will not receive any information that personally identifies users. If you do not wish to participate in tracking, you can opt out of this use by simply deactivating the Google Conversion Tracking cookie via your Internet browser under User Settings. You are then not included in the conversion tracking statistics.

The storage of “conversion cookies” and the use of this tracking tool are based on Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both his website and his advertising. For more information on Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking, please see Google’s privacy policy: <https://www.google.de/policies/privacy/>. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. When cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted.

* * *

## 8\. Bing Ads

This website uses Bing Ads, a service of Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA – Bing Ads Conversion Tracking. When you click on one of our ads on Bing or on selected Bing network sites, a temporary cookie is placed on your computer. When you now reach one of our conversion pages – recognizable for Microsoft Bing and us – we know that you have previously clicked on the ad. This is used to create conversion statistics, i.e. to record how many users reach a conversion page after clicking on an ad, i.e. to complete an order process. If you do not wish to participate in the tracking process, you can also reject the setting of a cookie required for this – for example using a browser setting that generally deactivates the automatic setting of cookies. The use of Bing Ads is based on Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both their website and their advertising.

* * *

## 9\. Facebook-Plugin

Our pages include plugins of the social network Facebook, provider Facebook Inc, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. You can recognize the Facebook plugins by the Facebook logo or the “Like button” on our page. Click here for an overview of the Facebook plugins: <https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/>. When you visit our pages, the plugin establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. Facebook receive the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click the Facebook “Like” button while logged into your Facebook account, you can link the contents of our pages to your Facebook profile. This allows Facebook to associate the visit to our pages with your user account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of the pages, we have no knowledge of neither the content of the data transmitted nor of how Facebook use them. For more information, please see Facebook’s Privacy Policy at: <https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation>.

If you do not want Facebook to associate your visit to our pages with your Facebook account, please log out of your Facebook account.The Facebook plugins are used on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The website operator has a justified interest in the widest possible visibility in social media.

* * *

## 10\. Twitter-Plugin

Our pages include functions of Twitter. These functions are provided by Twitter Inc, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. By using Twitter and the “Re-Tweet” function, the websites you visit are linked to your Twitter account, which other users can see. Data is also transmitted to Twitter. We would like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we have no knowledge of neither the content of the data transmitted nor of their use by Twitter. For more information, please see Twitter’s privacy policy at: <https://twitter.com/privacy.> The Twitter plugin is used on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The website operator has a justified interest in the widest possible visibility in social media. You can change your Twitter privacy settings in your account settings at [https://twitter.com/account/settings.](https://twitter.com/account/settings)

* * *

## 11\. Explanation of safety measures

To protect your data from unwanted access as comprehensively as possible, we take technical and organizational measures. We use encryption on our pages. Your information is transmitted from your computer to our server and vice versa via the Internet using TLS encryption. You know this by the fact that the lock symbol is closed in the status bar of your browser and the address line starts with https://.

* * *

## 12\. Rights of the data subject

When processing your personal data, GDPR grants you as a website user certain rights:

1\. Right of access by the data subject (Art. 15 GDPR):  
You have the right to obtain from the controller confirmation as to whether personal data concerning you are being processed; if this is the case, you have a right to access this personal data and to all information specified in Art. 15 GDPR.

2\. Right to rectification and erasure (Art. 16 and 17 GDPR):  
You have the right to request the immediate rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you and, if necessary, the completion of incomplete personal data. You also have the right to obtain the immediate erasure of personal data concerning you if one of the reasons specified in Art. 17 GDPR applies, e.g. if the data is no longer required for the purposes pursued.

3\. Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR):  
You have the right to request a restriction on processing if one of the conditions set out in Article 18 GDPR applies, e.g. if you have lodged an objection to processing, for the duration of any examination.

4\. Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR):  
In certain cases, which are listed in Article 20 of GDPR, you have the right to receive personal data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to request the transmission of this data to a third party.

5\. Right to object (Art. 21 DSGVO):  
If data is collected on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (data processing to protect legitimate interests), you have the right to object to the processing at any time for reasons arising from your particular situation. We will then no longer process your personal data unless there are demonstrably compelling reasons worthy of protection for the processing which outweigh the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.

6\. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority  
According to Art. 77 GDPR, you have the right of appeal to a supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of data concerning you violates data protection regulations. The right of appeal may be exercised in particular before a supervisory authority in the Member State where you are staying, working or suspected of infringing.

* * *

## 13\. Contact details of the data protection officer

Our company data protection officer will be happy to provide you with information or suggestions on the subject of data protection:

Dr. Uwe Schläger  
datenschutz nord GmbH  
Konsul-Smidt-Straße 88  
28217 Bremen  
Germany  
Web: www.datenschutz-nord-gruppe.de  
Email: office@datenschutz-nord.de  
Phone: +49 421/696632-0

* * *

## 14\. Newsletter on request

On our website we offer you the possibility to subscribe to our newsletter. If you have given us separate consent to inform you by email about our own products and services, they will be processed in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. By subscribing to our newsletter, you agree that we monitor your clicking and opening behavior in order to create an optimal offer of our newsletter for you. If we process your personal data on the basis of your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time without this affecting the legality of the processing carried out so far. If the consent is revoked, we will stop processing your data.

If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter, you can simply unsubscribe at any time, e.g. by emailing info@cleverreach.com or via the link to unsubscribe from the newsletter that you will find in every newsletter email. Your data we need for sending you our newsletter will be deleted within 3 months after the newsletter has last been received, provided that the erasure does not conflict with any statutory retention obligations.

* * *

## 15\. Contact & Support Form

You can contact us via web forms. To use our contact form, we usually only need your email address. You can provide further information, but you do not have to. By submitting the respective form, you agree that the data you provide will be electronically recorded and stored for up to 6 years. In the contractual relationship, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR, otherwise Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The web page operator has a justified interest to lead your exchange and to process your inquiry appropriately. In this respect, we use your data exclusively for processing your inquiry.

To process your support or contact inquiry we use the software solution Zendesk, offered by Zendesk Inc., 1019 Market St, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. Your data will be processed on the servers hosted by Zendesk exclusively in the USA and within the scope of GDPR. In the case of data processing by Zendesk, an adequate level of data protection results from the corresponding participation in the EU-US Privacy Shield Agreement (Art. 45 (1) GDPR). We have also concluded a contract with Zendesk for the processing of orders pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR, whereby we oblige the provider to process the data of our customers strictly in accordance with instructions, to protect them and not to pass them on to third parties. Personal data will not be transferred to third parties within the meaning of Art. 4 (10) GDPR.

* * *

## 16\. Account registration to use our software

To use our CleverReach software for free, you need to register first. For account registration we collect your email address on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. We will store your data until you object to its storage by email to info@cleverreach.com in which you wish to delete your account. If there are no legal retention periods, your data will be deleted within 10 days after you have entered your objection.

You can use a free account if we may send you regular email account reports, news & product information in return. The CleverReach GmbH & Co. KG will use your data exclusively for the aforementioned purpose and will not pass it on to third parties. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter in any email or object to the storage of your data by email to info@cleverreach.com and request that we delete your data at any time, provided that the erasure does not conflict with any legal storage obligations.

* * *

## 17\. Paid use

If you want to use our CleverReach software as a paid version, you have to register first. We store and use your personal data, which you transmit in the course of the registration or an order process, on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR exclusively for the processing of your orders. We will use your email address to inform you about the status of your order or to send you the respective receipts. We also offer you to send you account reports and news & product information by email.

If after the conclusion of a chargeable contract there is an obligation to provide us with your payment data (e.g. account number for direct debit authorization), this data is required for payment processing. Payment transactions via the common means of payment (Visa/MasterCard, PayPal, direct debiting) are made exclusively via an encrypted SSL or TLS connection.In the case of encrypted communication, your payment data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.

* * *

## 18\. Applications, in particular by email

We process your personal data in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations on the basis of § 26 Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). We process the data that you provide in the context of your (online) application exclusively for the purpose of applicant selection. Data will not be processed for other purposes.

You yourself determine the scope of data that you would like to submit as part of your application. Applications are transmitted electronically to our Personnel Department where they are processed as quickly as possible. This transmission is encrypted. As a rule, applications are forwarded to the heads of the relevant specialist departments in our company. Beyond that, your data will not be passed on. Your information will be treated confidentially in our company. If your application is unsuccessful, your documents will be deleted after 6 months. In the event that we may also consider your application for other or future vacancies, please include a note to this effect on your application. We then process your data on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. We also refer to point 12. of this declaration.

* * *

## 19\. YouTube videos

Our website uses plugins from Google’s YouTube site. This website is operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our pages equipped with a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. The YouTube server is informed which of our pages you have visited. Furthermore, Youtube can store various cookies on your end device. With the help of these cookies, Youtube can obtain information about visitors to our website. This information is used, among other things, to collect video statistics, improve user-friendliness and prevent fraud attempts. The cookies remain on your terminal until you delete them.

If you are logged into your YouTube account, you allow YouTube to associate your surfing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. The use of YouTube is in the interest of an appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. Further information on how user data is handled can be found in YouTube’s data protection declaration at: <https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en>.

* * *

## 20\. Google reCAPTCHA

We use “Google reCAPTCHA” (hereinafter “reCAPTCHA”) on our websites. Provider is Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). With reCAPTCHA it should be checked whether the data entry on our websites (e.g. in a contact form) is done by a human being or by an automated program. For this reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the web site visitor on the basis of different characteristics. This analysis starts automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the website. For analysis reCAPTCHA evaluates various information (e.g. IP address, dwell time of the website visitor on the website or mouse movements made by the user). The data collected during the analysis is forwarded to Google. The reCAPTCHA analyses run completely in the background. Visitors to the website are not informed that an analysis is taking place. Data processing is carried out on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The website driver has a legitimate interest in protecting his web offers from abusive automated spying and SPAM. Further information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google’s privacy policy can be found at: <https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/> and [https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html.](https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html)
