> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hackmd.io privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181225033600id_/https%3A//hackmd.io/s/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - HackMD

Privacy === HackMD’s privacy policy is pretty straightforward: \- We don’t ask for personal information unless we really need it. \- We don’t sell your personal information. \- We log some basic data (IP address, browser user-agent, session cookie) about all visitors. This information is typically discarded, but we occasionally use it for analytics and performance measurements. \- For HackMD users, we may store personal information such as your [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com), [GitHub](https://github.com), [Twitter](https://twitter.com), [Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com), [Google](https://www.google.com) username and your e-mail address and profile informations. If you delete your account, we will delete this information. \- We use third party tools such as [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com), [Mixpanel](https://mixpanel.com). Some information-sharing with these third parties is unavoidable. For example, unless you use a privacy tool like [Ghostery](https://www.ghostery.com), Google will know your IP address, browser info, etc. Website Visitors \--- Like most website operators, HackMD collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how visitors use our website. From time to time, HackMD may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. HackMD also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged-in users. HackMD only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below. Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information \--- Certain visitors to our website choose to interact in ways that require HackMD to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that HackMD gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account to provide a username and email address. In each case, HackMD collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with HackMD. HackMD does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities. Aggregated Statistics \--- HackMD may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. HackMD may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, HackMD does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information \--- HackMD discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on behalf of HackMD or to provide services available at HackMD’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using HackMD, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. HackMD will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, HackMD discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when HackMD believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of HackMD, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered HackMD user and have supplied your email address, HackMD may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with HackMD and our products. We expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. HackMD takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. Cookies \--- A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. HackMD uses cookies to help HackMD identify and track visitors, their usage of the HackMD website, and their website access preferences. HackMD visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the HackMD website, with the drawback that certain HackMD website features may not function properly without the aid of cookies. Privacy Policy Changes \--- Although most changes are likely to be minor, HackMD may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, in its sole discretion. HackMD encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. Accuracy and right to information \--- We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that your Personal Data is correct and up-to-date. If you believe that any Personal Data stored by Us is incorrect, you are welcome to contact Us and provide us with correct data in order for Us to rectify and update your Personal Data. You may, once per calendar year, request information regarding Personal Data stored by Us. Such request, in writing and signed by you, shall be addressed to Us on the address below. Contact \--- If You have any questions about how We use your Personal Data, you may contact us at hackmdio@gmail.com Effective as from May 30, 2016.
