> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hackertarget.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191231173641id_/https%3A//hackertarget.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

At HackerTarget.com (Hacker Target Pty Ltd - ACN 600827263), we are committed to protecting your privacy as an online visitor to our website. We use the information we collect about you to maximize the services that we provide to you. HackerTarget.com respects the privacy and confidentiality of the information provided by you and adheres to the Australian Privacy Principles. Please read our separate Privacy Policy below carefully.

You may change your details at any time by advising us in writing via email. All information HackerTarget.com receives from its customers is protected by our secure server. HackerTarget.com’s secure server software encrypts all customer information before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all customer data collected is secured against unauthorized use or access. Credit card information is not stored by us on our servers.

STORAGE AND SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION

We receive and store information you enter on our website or give us in any other way from time to time. You may provide basic contact information such as your name, phone number, address, and email address to enable us to send information or process your product order and we may also collect additional information at other times, including but not limited to, when you provide feedback, change your content or email preferences, respond to a survey, or communicate with HackerTarget.com customer support or queries.

We may use personal information collected from you for the purpose of providing you with direct marketing material, updates regarding our website and information in the form of a newsletter. This will only apply if you have registered or subscribed to such publications by your registering your details with us. However if you wish to cease receiving any such information you may let us know either by email or unsubscribing at any time and your request will be actioned as soon as possible.

Individual profile and company details are not used for any other purpose. Details are only supplied to a third party supplier when it is required by law, for goods or services which you have purchased or to protect HackerTarget.com copyright, trademarks and other legal rights.

We respect the privacy of our online visitors. We may collect information on or through this website that can personally identify you. For example, we collect personally identifiable information which you volunteer to us to respond to visitor questions and comments about us and our products and services, and to mail e-newsletters (“Personal Data”).

We will use all reasonable means to protect the confidentiality of your Personal Data while in our possession or control. We will not knowingly share any of your Personal Data with any third party other than our service providers who assist us in providing the information and/or services we are providing to you. To the extent that we do share your personal information with a service provider, we would only do so if that party has agreed to comply with our privacy standards as described in this privacy policy. Some of our service providers may be overseas and may not be subject to Australian Privacy Laws. Please contact us if you require specific details.

Any non-personal information, communications and material you send to this website or to us by email, or which we obtain from third parties without promises of confidentiality, may be kept, used and disclosed by us on a non-confidential basis. We are free to use and reproduce any such information freely, and for any purpose whatsoever. Specifically, we will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose, including developing, manufacturing or marketing products.

All security vulnerability scanner results generated by your use of this web site will not be used for any purpose other than to provide you with the information you have requested. In addition the results may be used from time to time for the purpose of troubleshooting the system by our internal staff. The results are stored on our secured servers for up to 12 months, accessible through your account and they may be sent to you via your selected email address.

COOKIES

A cookie is a small file placed in your web browser that collects information about your web browsing behaviour. Use of cookies allows a website to tailor its configuration to your needs and preferences. Cookies do not access information stored on your computer or any personal information (e.g. name, address, email address or telephone number). Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can choose to reject cookies by changing your browser settings. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of a website.

Our website uses cookies to analyse website traffic and help us provide a better website visitor experience. In addition, cookies may be used to serve relevant ads to website visitors through third party services such as Google Adwords. These ads may appear on this website or other websites you visit.

DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION

We may from time to time need to disclose certain information, which may include your Personal Data, to comply with a legal requirement, such as a law, regulation, court order, subpoena, warrant, in the course of a legal proceeding or in response to a law enforcement agency request. Also, HackerTarget.com may use your Personal Data to protect the rights, property or safety of HackerTarget.com, its customers or third parties.

If there is a change of control in one of our businesses (whether by merger, sale, or otherwise), or a sale or transfer of its assets, customer information, which may include your Personal Data, could be disclosed to a potential purchaser under an agreement to maintain confidentiality, or could be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. And finally we would only disclose your information in good faith and where required by any of the above circumstances.

THIRD PARTIES

HackerTarget.com does not and will not sell or deal in personal or customer information. We will never disclose your personal details to a third party except the necessary information required by providers of products or services you have purchased or to protect the rights, property or safety of HackerTarget.com, its customers or third parties or if required by law.

We may however use in a general sense without any reference to your name, your information to create marketing statistics, identify user demands and to assist it in meeting customer needs generally. In addition, we may use the information that you provide to improve our website and services but not for any other use.

PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM THIRD PARTIES

Although we generally collect personal information directly from you, on occasion, we also collect certain categories of personal information about you from other sources. In particular:

a. financial and/or transaction details from payment providers located in the US and Australia in order to process a transaction;

b. third party service providers (like Google, Facebook) who are located in the US or UK, which may provide information about you when you link, connect, or login to your account with the third party provider and they send us information such as your registration and profile from that service. The information varies and is controlled by that service provider or as authorized by you via your privacy settings at that service provider;

c. other third party sources/ and or partners from Australia or US, whereby we receive additional information about you (to the extent permitted by applicable law), such as demographic data or fraud detection information, and combine it with information we have about you. For example, fraud warnings from service providers like identity verification service.

HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION

1\. To fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract: in particular, in facilitating and processing transactions that take place on the Sites, like where you purchase an item from our marketplace.

2\. Where this is necessary for purposes which are in our, or third parties, legitimate interests. These interests include:  
a. operating the Sites;  
providing you with services described on the Sites;  
b. verifying your identity when you sign in to any of our Sites;  
c. responding to support tickets, and helping facilitate the resolution of any disputes;  
d. updating you with operational news and information about our Sites and services e.g. to e. notify you about changes to our Sites, website disruptions or security updates;  
f. carrying out technical analysis to determine how to improve the Sites and services we provide;  
g. monitoring activity on the Sites, e.g. to identify potential fraudulent activity and to h. ensure compliance with the user terms that apply to the Sites;  
i. anaging our relationship with you, e.g. by responding to your comments or queries submitted to us on the Sites or asking for your feedback or whether you want to participate in a survey;  
j. managing our legal and operational affairs (including, managing risks relating to content and fraud matters);  
k. training staff about how to best serve our user community;  
l. improving our products and services.  
m. providing general administrative and performance functions and activities; and  
n. processing your job application to Hacker Target Pty Ltd

3\. Where you give us consent:  
a. providing you with marketing information about products and services which we feel may interest you; and  
b. customising our services and websites, like advertising that appear on the Site – where this involves the use of cookies or similar technologies – in order to provide a more personalised experience.  
4\. For purposes which are required by law.  
5\. For the purpose of responding to requests by government, a court of law, or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.

WHEN WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We will disclose personal information to the following recipients:  
a. subcontractors and service providers who assist us in connection with the ways we use personal information (as set out above), in particular; security and fraud prevention services which are located in the US; payment processing services which are located in the US, and Australia; Noting that our subcontractors and services providers may also transfer and access such information from other countries in which they have operations.  
b. our professional advisers (lawyers, accountants, financial advisers etc.) which are located in Australia and USA;  
c. regulators and government authorities in connection with our compliance procedures and obligations;  
d. a purchaser or prospective purchaser of all or part of our assets or our business, and their professional advisers, in connection with the purchase;  
e. a third party to respond to requests relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity;  
f. a third party, in order to enforce or defend our rights, or to address financial or reputational risks;  
g. a rights holder in relation to an allegation of intellectual property infringement or any other infringement; and  
h. other recipients where we are authorised or required by law to do so.

HOW WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE

We store personal information on secure servers that are managed by us and our service providers, and occasionally hard copy files that are kept in a secure location in Australia and the US. Personal information that we store or transmit is protected by security and access controls, including username and password authentication, two-factor authentication, and data encryption where appropriate.

HOW YOU CAN ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

You can access some of the personal information that we collect about you by logging in to your account. You also have the right to make a request to access other personal information we hold about you and to request corrections of any errors in that data. You can also close the account you have with us for any of our Sites at any time. To make an access or correction request, contact our privacy champion using the contact details at the end of this policy.

HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to provide the services to you and others, and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your personal information or to provide you with the HackerTarget.com services, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account. Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information we will retain information from deleted accounts as necessary for our legitimate business interests, to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the terms of service and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

SECURITY

HackerTarget.com strives to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to our website, and periodically updates its security measures in light of current technologies.

LINKS

This website may contain links to other websites. These links are meant for your convenience only. Links to third party websites do not constitute sponsorship or endorsement or approval of these websites. Please be aware that HackerTarget.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware, when they leave our website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.

CHANGE IN PRIVACY POLICY

As we plan to ensure our privacy policy remains current, this policy is subject to change. We may modify this policy at any time, in our sole discretion and all modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the modifications on this website. Please return periodically to review our privacy policy.

If you have any questions or concerns at any time about our privacy policy or the use of your personal information, please contact us at info@hackertarget.com and we will respond within 48 hours.

HOW YOU CAN CONTACT US

If you have any questions about our privacy practices or the way in which we have been managing your personal information please contact our privacy champion, you may send an email to info@hackertarget.com, or use the contact form available on the website.

LAST UPDATED

This policy was last updated on 21st of May, 2018
