> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the scrapetv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151205143052id_/http%3A//scrapetv.com/Home%2520Page/privacy%2520policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

#### Effective February 4, 2008

#### The Virtual Union and it's affiliate websites and companies have adopted the following privacy policies.

#### 1.We will never collect your personal information for sale to a third party. Any personal information submitted to any websites owned by The Virtual Union will be used only as deemed appropriate by you, the user. 

#### 2\. User data and any email address submitted to The Virtual Union directly will only be viewed by employees of The Virtual Union. This does not include information submitted to third party companies through websites owned by The Virtual Union. Any information submitted to a third party is subject to that parties' privacy policies.

#### 3\. All personal information submitted to any website owned by The Virtual Union will remain entirely within the domain of The Virtual Union's publications. There may be occasion in which contact information may be used to promote new publications/websites generated by The Virtual Union. 

#### 4\. No personal information will ever be used to promote a third party resource or website unless written permission is submitted to The Virtual Union.

#### 5\. Any questions regarding this privacy policy should be directed to [admin@thevirtualunion.com](mailto:admin@thevirtualunion.com)

  |   

|    
---|---|---  
  |    

|  
