> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the screenprism.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191213025232id_/http%3A//screenprism.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | ScreenPrism

**Welcome to ScreenPrism**

ScreenPrism Media, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“ScreenPrism” “us” or “we”) respect your concerns about privacy and value our relationship with you.  This Privacy and Cookie Policy (the "Privacy Policy") is intended to inform you of the types of information we collect, as well as our policies and practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of that information through the web pages, tracking devices, interactive features, mobile applications, blogs and their respective contents at ScreenPrism’s URLs, including among others www.screenprism.com, screenprism.com, in addition to our Twitter, Facebook and other social networking sites, and their respective contents (collectively, the “Sites”), and our services (collectively with the Sites, the “Services”), whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology.  We have established, updated and implemented this Privacy Policy to assist you in enjoying the features of the Sites with the necessary amount of notice, information, and guidance to understand and appreciate how the use of these features and services made available through the Website impact your privacy rights and the rights of our advertisers, partners, sponsors, distributors, artists, writers and contributors to our Websites. 

**1\. Information Collected through our Services**

**_Personal Information You Provide to Us_**  
ScreenPrism is the sole owner of the Site, and is the owner, licensee or authorized party with respect to the “Material” (as defined in the Terms of Use), content and all information collected and presented on the Site.  ScreenPrism may occasionally collect personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) from its Site users who voluntarily provide such information to, among other things: (a) respond to surveys on the Site prepared and sponsored by ScreenPrism; (b) register for special programs, sweepstakes and contests; and (c) through other information exchange methods, including email.  For example, ScreenPrism may collect Personal Information when you register on the Sites, utilized Services, request information, submit comments or participate in some promotion, survey or other feature of the Sites, or otherwise communicate or interact with us.  In addition, you may choose to provide contact information for friends you may wish us to contact.  When you provide us information for these “refer a friend” messages, we use the information only to send the message you request.  Please check that friends you refer are happy for us to contact them.  The Sites may also ask you to provide other information about yourself, such as demographic information (gender, zip code, age, etc.) or certain information about your preferences, product use and interests.

Other information collection practices will continually be monitored, assessed, and updated in light of new technologies, business practices, and for purposes of implementing better and best practices for compliance and business purposes. Now, and in the future, you may be asked to participate in certain enhanced services through the Site. To participate in these services, we may ask you to provide a higher level of Personal Information. Any Personal Information we receive generally and for any special or enhanced service will be stored and managed by ScreenPrism, which does not currently sell or rent this information. We take your privacy seriously. However, to provide our users with better services, we may use the information we collect to share with our business partners for us to provide products or services that may enhance your experience on the Website. 

_**Information Collected by Automated Means**_  
Whenever you use the Services, ScreenPrism as well as any of our third-party advertisers and/or service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Services are accessed and used (“Usage Information”).  Usage Information may include, among other things, browser type, operating system, the page served, the time, how many users visited the Sites, subscriber status, and the preceding page views.  This statistical data provides us with information about the use of the Services, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the Sites, how long they stay on that page, and which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on.  This information helps us to keep the Services fresh and interesting to our visitors and to tailor content to a visitor’s interests.  Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if ScreenPrism associates it with you as a specific and identifiable person, ScreenPrism treats it as Personal Information.

_**Device Identifiers**_  
In the course of collecting Usage Information, ScreenPrism also automatically collects your IP address, MAC Address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for the computer, mobile device, Wi-Fi card, technology or other device (collectively, “Device”) you use to access the Services.  A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a web site or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier.  When you visit the Sites, we may view your Device Identifier.  We use this information to determine the physical location of your Device, including origin, destination, flight route information, and longitude and latitude information.  We also may use this information to enhance the Services and we may associate your Device Identifier with your Personal Information.  The technologies used on the Services to collect Usage Information, including Device Identifiers, may include, without limitation:

_**Cookies**_  
Cookies are small data files placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Sites or access the Services (“Cookies”).  We may use Cookies to collect and store certain information about your Account.  We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). 

Cookies allow that site to measure activity on the site and enhance your experience by saving you from having to log in or provide information each time you re-visit the site and by customizing content based on your interests. Cookies do have positive attributes such as remembering what information you accessed on a web page to speed up your transactions on related web pages. Especially for video content and other similar data, you may be required to enable cookies from ScreenPrism in order to utilize the Website. Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you have seen an advertisement. Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you see on the Website. Such third party use of cookies is subject to that party's own privacy policies which may differ from ours. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at the Site and other websites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended. You should consult with your browser's provider/manufacturer if you have any questions regarding disabling cookies.

You can also learn more about Cookies by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org, which includes additional useful information on Cookies and how to block Cookies using different types of browsers.  For more information on advertising using Cookies and how to opt out of advertising Cookies specifically, please see Advertising; How To Opt-Out below.

_**Web Beacons**_  
We may also include web beacons (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags, tracking beacons and clear GIFs) with the content and ads that we deliver to you, which we will use to collect information regarding your interaction with such content and ads.  A web beacon is a transparent graphic image placed on a web page or in an email, which indicates that a page or email has been viewed or that an email has been forwarded.  In addition, a web beacon allows third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in Cookies set by the third party.  A web beacon may also tell your browser to get content from another server.

ScreenPrism uses cookies and web beacon technology for non personally-identifiable information (including IP addresses) to analyze trends, administer the Website, track user movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate, non-personally identifying uses and analytics.

**2.  How We Use the Information Collected**

We use information we collect about and from you to: provide the Services to you, respond to requests that you make, improve the Services, and better tailor content, advertisements, offers and the features, performance and support of the Services; and for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information or otherwise with your consent.  We may use records of your correspondence with our representatives for support, training and improvements to our Services.  If you provide feedback to us, we may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose, provided we do not associate such feedback with your Personal Information.

We may use your Personal Information to send you electronic newsletters or promotional emails, unless you have requested not to receive such promotional communications from us.  You can opt out of receiving further promotional messages from us by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional email you receive or by contacting us directly at customercare@screenprism.com.  We also may use your Personal Information to send you Service-related communications unless or until such time as you terminate your account.

**3.  Information We Share**

Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not trade, rent, or share your Personal Information with third parties, unless you ask or authorize us to do so. We may share non-Personal Information, such as aggregate user statistics, demographic information and Usage Information with third parties.  We may also share your information as disclosed at the time you provide your information, as set forth in this Privacy Policy and in the following circumstances:

**Third Parties Providing Services On Our Behalf**.  In order to provide the Services, carry out your requests, make various features, services and materials available to you through the Services, and respond to your inquiries, we may share your Personal Information or Usage Information with third parties that perform functions on our behalf, such as (a) companies or individuals that: host or operate our Sites; analyze data; provide customer service; or manage payments; (b) advertisers;  and (c) sponsors or other third parties that participate in or administer our promotions or provide marketing or promotional assistance.  In such cases, such third parties are not entitled to use this information for any other purpose.

**Your Agreement To Have Your Personal Information Shared**.  While using the Services, you may have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information and/or marketing offers from someone else or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your information with a third party, including companies who advertise their services via the Service.  If you agree to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information will be disclosed to the third party and the Personal Information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party.

**Affiliates**.  To facilitate our marketing and communications efforts, we may share some or all of your Personal Information with our Affiliates (“Affiliates” are parent companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.  If you are a California resident, you may ask us to refrain from sharing your information (whether collected online or offline) among our Affiliates for their marketing purposes, if the Affiliates are separate legal entities. Please tell us your preference by contacting us as indicated in the “How to Contact Us“ section of this Notice.  We will comply with the applicable data privacy laws and direct marketing requirements in the relevant jurisdictions and may seek opt-in or opt-out consents as appropriate for the collection, use and transfer of personal information in accordance with the laws in the relevant jurisdictions

**Business Transfers**.  If our company or our assets related to this Privacy Policy are acquired by another  company, your Personal Information, and any other information that we have collected about the users of the Services, may be disclosed to that company as part of the due diligence process and will be transferred to that company as one of the transferred assets.  Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use information you have provided through the Sites in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.  Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.

**Law Enforcement Compliance**. We may be required by law, or by law enforcement officers acting under the color of law, to record some or all of your communications on or through the Services.  We may, and you hereby authorize us to, disclose your Personal Information (including your Account Information) and your communications through the Services, if required by law or by law enforcement officers acting under the color of law, or if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; or (b) protect or defend the rights, property, or safety of ScreenPrism, you, other users, or third parties (especially in emergency situations).

**4.  Information We Receive from Third Parties**

ScreenPrism may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you are on another website and you opt-in to receive information from ScreenPrism, that website will forward to us your e-mail address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested. You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as one of our Facebook or Twitter applications or a similar application or feature on a third party website) through which you allow us to collect and share (or the third party to collect and share) information about you, including Personal Information.  In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third party web site give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections’ web page, profile page or similar page on a social networking or other third party website or interactive service.

We may also supplement the information we collect about you through the Services with other information from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you.  We may combine the information we receive from these third parties with information we collect through the Services.  In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any Personal Information received, unless we have disclosed otherwise.

We may match the information we receive about you from third parties with the information we collect from you ourselves in order to enhance your experience with the Services and to select which of our advertisements or offers are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are using the Services.

**5.  Consent to Processing and Transfer of Information**

By visiting this and any other related Site and using the Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information according to this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide any information or use any of the services or products offered or provided on this Website.

If you are a User who resides outside the United States, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States.  By using the Services, or providing us with any information, you consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable countries in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to, those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.

**6.  Advertising; How to Opt-out**

ScreenPrism may license technology to serve advertisements on its own Sites and within its content as that content is served across the Internet.  In addition, ScreenPrism may use third party analytics vendors to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the Services and viewing of our content.  We do not share Personal Information with these third parties, but ad network providers, the advertisers, the sponsors, and/or analytics service providers may set and access their own Cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including Usage Information.  We and our network advertisers may target advertisements for products and services in which you might be interested based on your use of the Services, visits to the Sites and other websites. We may use a variety of companies to serve advertisements.

If you prefer to not receive targeted advertising, you can opt out of some network advertising programs that use your information.  To do so please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Opt-Out Page: http://www.aboutads.info/choices.  European users can also go to [http://www.youronlinechoices.com](http://www.youronlinechoices.com/)  Please note that even if you choose to remove your information (opt out), you will still see advertisements while you’re browsing online.  Additionally, many network advertising programs allow you to view and manage the interest categories they have compiled from your online browsing activities.  These interest categories help determine the types of targeted advertisements you may receive.  The DAA Opt-Out Page provides a tool that identifies its member companies that have Cookies on your browser and provides links to those companies.

**7.  Subscribers**

ScreenPrism may, from time to time, publish a newsletter or other periodical document. In order to receive a copy of this document, ScreenPrism will ask you for certain Personal Information including, without limitation, your name, postal and e-mail addresses, and possibly other demographic, and even personal financial information. In order to discontinue receipt of the newsletter, periodical, or such other document, simply unsubscribe through the manner prescribed in the last such document you received. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, ScreenPrism reserves the right to provide this Personal Information to third parties, and to use this information for internal purposes to measure the readership of any given newsletter or periodical.

**8.  Links to Other Sites**

Our provision of links to other websites or locations is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other websites or location or its contents.  We have no control over, do not review and cannot be responsible for these outside websites or their content.  These other websites may send their own Cookies to your Device, may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own privacy policies.  Please be aware that the terms of our Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites.  You should independently assess the authenticity of any website which appears to be or claims that it is one of our Sites (including those linked to through an email or social networking page).

**9.  Message Board and Chat Rooms**

ScreenPrism is not responsible for personally identifiable information you choose to submit, and any information you provide is voluntary.

**10.  Security**

ScreenPrism and its data management team have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information that it collects and distributes on-line. Nevertheless, despite our reasonable precautions, unauthorized access, hardware or software failure, and other technical and human factors may compromise the security of your information at any time. We cannot assure you that the Personal Information that ScreenPrism may collect in the future will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

**11.  Children**

Our Sites and Services are directed to the general public.  From time to time, content on the website may be of interest to teenagers.  ScreenPrism, however, does not intentionally gather information from children who are under the age of 13 years.  No information should be submitted to or posted on the Site by users under the age of 13 years without consent of their parent or adult legal guardian.  In the event ScreenPrism collects information from a person between the ages of 14 and 17 years of age, that information will be subject to use as allowed by this Privacy Policy provided that the teenager, his/her parent or his/her adult legal guardian may stop that use upon request. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.  ScreenPrism relies on users to be truthful in responding to questions about age.

**12.  How to Contact Us**

Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at customercare@screenprism.com.

**13.  Updates to Our Privacy Policy**

This Privacy Policy and other information on the Sites may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you, and any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Sites.  Please check back frequently for updates as it is your sole responsibility to be aware of changes.  We do not provide notices of changes in any manner other than by posting the changes on the Sites.
