> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the screenconnect.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140212220209id_/http%3A//www.screenconnect.com/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for ScreenConnect Website

Thank you for your interest in Elsinore Technologies, Inc. ("Elsinore", "we", or "us"). This Privacy Policy describes Elsinore’s privacy policy with regard to our Internet website located at http://www.elsitech.com or any successor Internet website thereto (the "Site"). By visiting the Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. THIS PRIVACY POLICY MAY CHANGE FROM TIME TO TIME, SO PLEASE CHECK BACK PERIODICALLY.

Elsinore treats your visit to our Site as we would treat any other interaction with our valued customers and prospective customers: as a private matter between you and Elsinore. We want you to know up front how we deal with any personally identifiable information you see fit to provide to us during our interactions with you. Therefore, this Privacy Policy will answer the following questions.

  * What personally identifiable information is collected from you and how will it be used?
  * What are cookies and how are they used?



In general, you can visit our Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. In fact, we encourage anonymous surfing so that you can find out more about who we are and how our products can help streamline your software development and other project management processes. However, there are times when we may need and request personally identifiable information from you so that we can better serve you.

Elsinore will only collect personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address, employer name, employer address or products and operating systems you use) when it is voluntarily submitted to us at the Site. We will use this information to comply with your request for information or as otherwise disclosed to you at the location on the Site at which you submit your information. For example, if you request technical support assistance, we need to know who you are, what product you are using and in what computer system environment you are using the product in order to respond to your request as efficiently and effectively as possible. If you are interested in signing up for one of our weekly Webinars, the personally identifiable information you provide to us will enable us to tailor the Webinar more closely to your specific needs. Also, when you request a product download from the Site, we want to be able to follow up with you to address any questions you might have about using our products. In addition, from time to time, we may refer to your personally identifiable information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services. We may use that information to contact you.

We will not sell or otherwise transfer the personally identifiable information you provide via the Site to any third party unless (A) otherwise disclosed to you when you submit your information or (B) in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of a business division of Elsinore, a line of Elsinore’s business or Elsinore's entire business. We do not rent, sell or otherwise share information that we gather about our website visitors with outside parties. The bottom line is that all the information that you provide to us via the Site will remain with Elsinore.

We provide links to third party Internet sites strictly as a service to you, and linking with third party Internet sites does not take you off of the Site. Again, your personally identifiable information is not shared with these third parties. However, Elsinore is not responsible for the privacy practices of third party Internet sites. If you leave the Site you should be sure to read the privacy policy of each Internet site that you visit.

Every month, we e-mail a newsletter to those of you who have requested this service, who have visited our Site and with whom we have done business in the past. If you do not wish to receive this newsletter or any other communications from us, simply click the "unsubscribe" link on the newsletter, or e-mail: info@elsitech.com and ask that we remove you from our mailing list.

The Site uses information in aggregate form to track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, and the domain names of our visitors’ Internet service providers. No personally identifiable information is revealed to us in this process.

Some pages within the Site may use a technology called "cookies". A cookie is a token that a server gives to your browser when you access an Internet website. Cookies are capable of storing many types of data. Cookies help provide additional functionality to the site or to help us analyze site usage more accurately. In all cases in which cookies are used, the cookie will not collect personally identifiable information except with your explicit permission.
