> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the scriptech.net privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110515204918id_/http%3A//scriptech.net/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Scripts, Tips and Software for Webmasters

###  Privacy Policy 

**Your Privacy**  
www.scriptech.net is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should always check this page to ensure that you are happy with any changes.

**What we collect**  
We may collect the following information: name, [contact](http://scriptech.net/contact-2/ "contact") information including email address, etc.

**What we do with the information we gather**  
We require this information to provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: to facilitate a specific request on our site, for example, to post a comment on our blog or to subscribe to our email feed. All emails or feed subscriptions from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.

**Links to other websites**  
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

**How to contact us**

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at admin@scriptech.net

This policy was generated by Easy Privacy Policy Plugin [churchill car insurance](http://churchillcarinsurance.me.uk/) for WordPress.

Last updated Mon, 10 Jan 2011 09:27
