> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the scrumalliance.org privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071225204224id_/http%3A//www.scrumalliance.org/view/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Scrum Alliance - Privacy Policy

## Scrum Alliance Privacy Policy

Welcome to the Scrum Alliance [www.scrumalliance.org](http://scrumalliance.org/) web site (the "Site") provided to you by Scrum Alliance, Inc. ("SA", "us" or "we").  Your privacy is important to us, and our policy is simple: we will collect no personally identifiable information about you when you visit the Site unless you choose to provide that information.

  1.  **Membership Information.**   As a benefit to SA members, SA will include your name and relevant personal information in your member profile (“Profile”).  You agree that your name and your SA certification information shall be made publicly available on the Site. You will have the right to specify whether certain other personal information in your Profile is publicly available or not. 
  2. **Contacting You.** From time to time, we may need to contact you for membership-related activities (e.g., renewal notices, etc.). You agree that we may use your personal information for such membership-related contacts with you.  We may also desire to contact you for market research purposes or to provide you with marketing information we think would be of particular interest. You will have the option of not being contacting by us by opting-out of such contacts by setting the appropriate option in your Profile.
  3.  **Information Sharing.** SA will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to others without your permission. Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share the personal data you provide to us with other SA entities and/or business partners who are acting on our behalf to help us provide you with our products and services. Such SA entities and/or business partners are governed by our privacy policies with respect to the use of this data and are bound by this Privacy Policy and applicable confidentiality agreements.
  4.  **General Information.**   The server on which the Site is located collects and saves only the default information customarily logged by web server software. Such information may include the date and time of your visit, the originating IP address, and the pages and images requested.  This general information is used to improve the content of Site and the quality of our service, and is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes, except if it becomes necessary to share information to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the Scrum Alliance Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law.
  5.  **Cookies.**   The Site uses cookies, which are small amounts of data that contain a unique identifier that many web sites frequently send to your web browser to be stored on your computer’s hard drive.  We use cookies to record current session information.
  6.  **Security.**   The Site has basic security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of any information that you provide us. However, we do not guarantee that our Site is impervious to information gathering or altering attacks by hackers.  In addition, you understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Site content may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. We do not guarantee that any information sent from our Site will be secure during transmission.
  7.  **Third-party Sites.** Our Site may contain links to multiple third-party sites on the Internet, including many that have different privacy and security policies and practices than us. We make no representations or warranties about the policies and practices of sites that are linked to by our Site. We urge you to consult the policies available on those sites to further understand your rights.
  8.  **Amendment of Terms.** You agree that we retain the right to amend this Privacy Policy any time, for any reason, and without notice. You agree to review the posting of this Agreement at www.scrumalliance.org/view/privacy_policy periodically to be aware of such changes. You will be bound by all such modifications, whether or not you have notice thereof. If any future changes are unacceptable to you, you should discontinue using the Site. Your continued use of the Site now, or following the posting of notice of any such changes, will indicate your acceptance of this privacy policy, and of any such changes.
  9.  **Contact.** SA is located in Lafayette, Colorado, U.S.A. Any questions, comments or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy should be provided to the Administrator as follows: 



> > By E-mail: info @ scrumalliance.org By Postal Mail: PO Box 421, Lafayette, Colorado 80026 

(25 Dec 2007) 
