> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the plsecrets.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090611150248id_/http%3A//www.plsecrets.com/w3c/policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

## This privacy statement applies to the website of:

Chapman and Lowery Enterprises, LLC   
24 East Bar-le-doc   
Corpus Christi   
TX   
78414   
US   
304-754-4455   
[ support@plsecrets.com](mailto:support@plsecrets.com)   


We respect your privacy. This is why we have taken the time to disclose our information collection practices and our privacy policy. Please take the time to review this document.

## Of the information we do collect, we allow our visitors the following access to the information:

Access is given to contact information and other information (such as name, email address, birthday, employer, etc).

Our organization processes all disputes through email. The address to send comments to is: support@plsecrets.com . Please allow 24-48 hours to receive a reply.

## Collecting information provides specific benefits to our website visitors:

Collecting your information once you become a member allows us to prevent fraud and give you access to our high quality reports.

## We collect information for the following purpose(s):

  * Completing or supporting an activity.
  * Website and system administration.
  * Building records of visitors without linking identifying information to the records for the purpose of research, analysis and reporting.
  * Contacting our visitors (except via telephone) for promotion of the site or products.
  * Preserving social history as governed by existing law or policy.
  * Other purposes.



## Who has access to the information we collect?

  * Ourselves and/or our agents which utilize the information only for the purpose given.   
Information is only viewable by the 3 owners of the site when they access the administration section of the site.



## How long is information kept?

Information is retained for an indeterminate period of time.

If you believe that our website has collected incorrect information or if you would like to dispute any information, please contact us using the address at the top of this page.

Privacy statement generated by [P3PEdit](http://p3pedit.com/)
