> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zyxware.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190703031508id_/http%3A//www.zyxware.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Our Privacy Policy | Zyxware Technologies

**Privacy Policy for Zyxware.com**

The privacy of our visitors to Zyxware.com is important to us. 

At Zyxware.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit Zyxware.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.

**Log Files**  
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. 

**Cookies and Web Beacons**  
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a captcha once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.

We also use third party advertisements on Zyxwarecom to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited.

You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.

## RELATED ARTICLE

The list of holidays for Zyxware for the year 2007 is as follows. January 26 - Republic Day February 16 - Shivratri March 31 - Milad-e-Sherif (Nabidinam) April 6 - Good Friday May 1 - May Day (Labour Day) August 15 - Independence Day August 27 - Thiru Onam August 28 - Shri Narayana Guru October 2 - Gandhi Jayanti October 13 - Ramzan * December - 20 - Bakrid * December - 25 - Christmas * Subject to change depending on the sighting of moon. Company Documents Company Policies Leave a reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marker * Cherry (not verified) access_time 03 Jul 2019 - 02:58 Why are the days picked out and chosen for employees? There are 12 days mentioned here. Why not give people ( employees) the option of choosing any 12 days of their liking for personal holidays so that the company doesn’t dictate terms on their personal religious inclinations ? If sufficiently early notice is provided, things can be planned for as well. Also, why is this on the public website and not a private internal employee webpage ? Cheers, Cherry Anoop John (not verified) access_time 03 Jul 2019 - 02:58 1) Since the number of employees are still small it is difficult to manage operations with the optional holidays model. If a certain combination of employees do not come to office on a particular day even if that be only 6/12 or 7/12 people the company will not be able to function properly on that day. In a larger company this might not cause any problem because of the cushion of larger number of employees. 2) In the longer run we will be moving to the optional holiday pattern with a set of fixed holidays and a set of optional holidays. 3) This is on the public site for 2 reasons - a) Open documentation policy :). b) Customers/Clients can know ahead the holidays of the company. Cherry (not verified) access_time 03 Jul 2019 - 02:58 1) I guess you know the logistics better, but having a situation where employees feel committed enough to the company to be flexible about their holidays seems a good deal of a better work situation than having rules set in stone. This would be especially true when the example is set from the ‘top’, whatever that is. 2) Good luck with this. 3) Open Documentation: Even open source projects have “internal” mailing lists. All the BSDs have them, most of the bazaar model’s have “rings” where private email resolves “internal” issues. I don’t think it is a good precedent. Add new comment 

on 14th September 2007 / by [webmaster](https://web.archive.org/user/webmaster "View user profile.")

After giving the Offer Letter, an Appointment Letter is the next step of interaction between a company and an employee. For him/her, a Letter of Appointment is a guarantee about the given job and position in that company. There are various formats available. Given below is the one which we use at Zyxware. “We welcome you to our innovative and dynamic team” Letter of Appointment Dear Mr./Ms. &lt;Name&gt;, Welcome to &lt;company name&gt;. I am pleased to offer you employment in the position of &lt;designation&gt; with &lt;company name&gt; I am eager to have you as part of our team. I foresee your potential skills as a valuable contribution to our company and clients. Your appointment as &lt;designation&gt; will commence on &lt;date&gt; As &lt;designation&gt;, you will be entitled to a monthly starting remuneration of Rs 00,000/- (Rupees…………. only) which indicates cost to company. You will be on a probation period of six months. Regular performance review will be conducted to assess your performance and suitability. Your continued employment at &lt;company name&gt; is dependent on your successful completion of the probationary period. Your salary will be reviewed after a period of 6 months and thereafter every 12 months. You will be entitled to all allowances ad benefits whatsoever decided by the management. You shall receive your payment before 5th of every month. Leave and other company policies are available at &lt;website link&gt;. These policies are reviewed and posted at our website from time to time by the management of &lt;company name&gt; for your benefit. Your signing this appointment letter confirms your acceptance of the terms and conditions and that you would be joining &lt;company name&gt; on the given date. I am looking forward to working with you. Sincerely, &lt;Name&gt;, &lt;Designation&gt; &lt;Company name&gt; &lt;Date: dd/mm/yyyy&gt; Company Documents Leave a reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marker * Santosh Kr. Lenka. (not verified) access_time 03 Jul 2019 - 00:00 Dear Sir/Madam, Please send some idea regarding made/send the matter of three yrs. agreement for appointment. Is it along with the appointment letter or separetly a bond paper. Thanks &amp; Regards. Santosh. webmaster access_time 03 Jul 2019 - 00:00 In reply to matter for three yrs. agreement of appointment by Santosh Kr. Lenka. (not verified) We currently don't have a document like that. You can please check back once in a while to see if we have any that might fit your purpose. Team Zyxware prabodh (not verified) access_time 03 Jul 2019 - 00:00 respected sir, i shall be thankful.if you can send me a draft /sample of appointment letter that can be issued to junior mgt. / operationa personnel in hospitality sector. regards, prabodh h s mukherjee (not verified) access_time 03 Jul 2019 - 00:00 In reply to sample of appointment letter of hospitality sector staff by prabodh (not verified) respected sir, i shall be thankful.if you can send me a draft /sample of appointment letter alongwith a standard copy of comp.terms &amp; condition that can be issued to our operational personnel and diffrent type of employee working with us. They are working for hospitality and facility management service provider sector. regards, Anil Sharma (not verified) access_time 03 Jul 2019 - 00:00 Dear Sir/Madam, Please send some idea regarding letter writing to my Sr,Boss, ( send me following things, I require so n so, on and more) Regards Anil Sharma Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Page 8 Page 9 &hellip; Next page Next › Last page Last » Add new comment 

on 14th September 2007 / by [webmaster](https://web.archive.org/user/webmaster "View user profile.")

An offer letter is the first document using which a company contacts the employee who is selected for appointment. It contains the designation offered, general terms, salary figures, payment details, working hours etc. The employee can either accept or reject the offer. If he agrees to the conditions given in the Offer Letter, he will inform a convenient joining date. Then the company issues the Appointment Letter as a confirmation of his job. Our Offer Letter format is given below. Offer Letter &lt;Employee Name&gt; &lt;Address&gt; &lt;City, State, Pin&gt; Dear Mr./Ms. &lt;Name&gt;, It is my pleasure to extend the following offer of employment to you on behalf of &lt;Company Name&gt;, further to the interview and discussions you have had with us. You are expected to join duty on &lt;Date&gt; &lt;Month&gt; &lt;Year&gt;. You are appointed to the position of &lt;Designation&gt; and in this capacity, you will report directly to &lt;Supervisor Name&gt;. As &lt;designation&gt;, your starting monthly remuneration will be Rs 00,000/- (Rupees ……..Thousand Only). You will be on a probation period of six months. Your working hours start from &lt;Start Time&gt; to &lt;End Time&gt; with one hour break a day and you are scheduled to work through &lt;Day&gt; to &lt;Day&gt;, which is &lt;Total hours&gt; hours a week. After successful completion of the probation and review thereof, you will be entitled to other allowances and benefits whatsoever as per policies of the organization. Regular performance reviews will be done to assess your suitability. You shall receive your payments on or before the &lt;Date&gt; of every month. Offer stands canceled in case of any deviations in information or if you fail to report to me on or before pre-decided date. I will have to assume that you have not accepted this job offer if i do not hear from you before &lt;dd/mm/yyyy&gt; You will need to submit all your original qualification documents, relieving documents and salary slip (if any) of last three months with a copy of each, on the date of joining. I look forward to an enduring relationship with your self. Yours sincerely, &lt;Name&gt; &lt;Designation&gt; &lt;Company Name&gt; &lt;Date&gt; Company Documents Leave a reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marker * Pritish (not verified) access_time 03 Jul 2019 - 00:00 very good Krishna (not verified) access_time 03 Jul 2019 - 00:00 more terms would go in association with the local government norms and also is different from place to place. Some more important points to ponder: Place of employment Annual Vacation Misconduct and misbehavior josh (not verified) access_time 03 Jul 2019 - 00:00 the offer letter format is reallly excellent keep it up Our Offer Letter format is given below. Offer Letter Dear Mr./Ms. , It is my pleasure to extend the following offer of employment to you on behalf of , further to the interview and discussions you have had with us. You are expected to join duty on . You are appointed to the position of and in this capacity, you will report directly to . As , your starting monthly remuneration will be Rs 00,000/- (Rupees ……..Thousand Only). You will be on a probation period of six months. Your working hours start from to with one hour break a day and you are scheduled to work through to , which is hours a week. After successful completion of the probation and review thereof, you will be entitled to other allowances and benefits whatsoever as per policies of the organization. Regular performance reviews will be done to assess your suitability. You shall receive your payments on or before the of every month. Offer stands canceled in case of any deviations in information or if you fail to report to me on or before pre-decided date. I will have to assume that you have not accepted this job offer if i do not hear from you before You will need to submit all your original qualification documents, relieving documents and salary slip (if any) of last three months with a copy of each, on the date of joining. I look forward to an enduring relationship with your self. Yours sincerely, Anonymous (not verified) access_time 03 Jul 2019 - 00:00 I am new member for this.. hi to all........ srividya Jeeva (not verified) access_time 03 Jul 2019 - 00:00 In reply to Hello by Anonymous (not verified) I need a sample format of offer letter Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Page 8 Page 9 &hellip; Next page Next › Last page Last » Add new comment 
