> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the demandmedia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100608232129id_/http%3A//www.demandmedia.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Demand Media

DemandMedia.com Privacy and Information Security Policy  
 **Effective Date: October 31, 2008**  
This Privacy and Information Security Policy (the "Policy") discusses the personally identifying information ("PII") that we collect about you when you use our website http://www.demandmedia.com/ (the “Site”). This Policy applies only to information collected by us or submitted by you through the Site, and not to any information collected or submitted outside of the Site. ****

**Who We Are. We are Demand Media, Inc. ("Demand Media," "Site," "we," "us," or "our").** Demand Media  is a leading online producer, publisher and syndicator of professional content and social media solutions. Utilizing its own vertical media network, original made-for-internet content, and proprietary social media tools to deliver over 3 billion interactions each month, Demand Media is building the world's largest content and social media marketplace. Today the company's solutions power leading publishers, brands and retailers, including the Washington Post, Better Homes & Gardens, USA Today, Circuit City, Discovery Communications, The Economist, FOX News, Scotts and Gannett. The privately held company was founded in May 2006 and is based in Santa Monica, California, with offices in Bellevue, Washington, Austin, Texas and London, UK..  
This Policy and the Terms of Use. This Policy is part of and incorporated into the Demand Media, Inc. [Terms of Use](http://www.demandmedia.com/terms-of-use/) (collectively, the “Terms”).  
BY PROVIDING PII OR OTHER INFORMATION TO US OR BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THIS POLICY AND THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THE POLICY.  
1\. INFORMATION YOU GIVE US  
We collect any information you enter on the Site. The information that we collect varies depending upon how you use our Site.  
2\. AUTOMATIC INFORMATION COLLECTION  
2.1 Cookies. Like many Web sites, we use "cookies". Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. We use persistent, identifying cookies to remember your information and to link your activities to you. While you can take steps to warn of, block or disable cookies, if you do, the Site may not function and appear as we have designed it. Nonetheless, if you want to take these steps, you can do so by following the instructions associated with your browser. Our cookies collect information such as:  
the domain name and host from which you access the Internet and the Internet address of the site from which you direct-linked to ours;  
the date and time you access the Site;  
your computer's IP address and information about its operating system, platform and the Web browser type and version you use;  
demographic and other non-personally identifiable profile information about you; and  
information to combat fraud or misuse.  
2.2 Pixel Tags. In our e-mails to you, we use "pixel tags" to determine if your email software or service can display html-formatted e-mail (this helps us optimize the size of our e-mail messages and conserve bandwidth).  
2.3 Collection of Information by Third Parties. Some of the advertisers and other businesses that advertise or place other content on our Site use cookies on our Site and may place a cookie on your computer. The content posted by these businesses will be identified as coming from a third party. In addition, we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads. These companies (1) use information obtained from your visits to this Site and other sites to serve ads to you and (2) place unique third-party cookies on your browser. Also, we use Web beacons provided by third-party advertising companies to help optimize our advertising. Web beacons enable us to recognize your browser when a cookie has been placed on your computer. Some but not all third party advertising companies provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology. For more information and an identification of advertisers that provide an opt-out mechanism, please click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp. The information collected by third party cookies is subject to the privacy policy of the third party, not Demand Media’s privacy policy.  
3\. OUR USE AND RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION  
3.1 Use of PII.  
(a) We use your PII for such purposes as responding to your requests; operating the Site, providing you with advertising and non-advertising content that we believe would be of interest to you; enforcing our rights and the rights of third parties, and investigating and ensuring compliance with the Terms and any other contract to which you and Demand Media are party.  
We may also email newsletters and similar communications about us and the Site3.2 Use of Other Information. We use non-PII for purposes such as measuring the number of visitors to our Site, making the Site more useful and delivering targeted advertising and non-advertising content. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track a user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for non-personally identifiable use.  
3.3 Retention of Information. We retain information for as long as required, allowed or we believe it useful, but do not undertake retention obligations. We may dispose of information in our discretion without notice, subject to applicable law that specifically requires the handling or retention of information. You must keep your own, separate back-up records.  
4\. OUR SHARING OF INFORMATION  
We share information with third parties, but only as described in this Section 4.  
4.1 Advertisers and Others. We share non-personally identifiable information with advertisers, service providers, and other persons with whom we conduct business. 4.2 Service Third Parties. We contract with affiliated and non-affiliated third parties to provide services to us or to you on our behalf. Examples include providing marketing assistance, sending email to you and analyzing data. These third parties have access to personal information needed to perform their functions.  
4.3 Business Transfer. As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or their assets, or engage in acquisitions, mergers, restructurings, changes of control, or similar transactions. In such transactions, customer and user information generally is one of the transferred business assets, and your PII is subject to such a transfer. Also, in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, customer and user information may be transferred to a bankruptcy trustee or debtor in possession and then to a subsequent purchaser.  
4.4 Affiliates. We may share PII, non-PII and other information with our corporate affiliates. Some of our most significant affiliates are identified on the website of our parent company, Demand Media (www.demandmedia.com). Corporate affiliates are those entities that we control, are controlled by us, or are under common control with us and any joint venture in which any of the controlled entities may participate from time to time. Any use of your information by our corporate affiliates is subject to this Policy or another policy no less protective of your privacy. Likewise, we may obtain information about you from our corporate affiliates or from your visits to other web sites that we or our corporate affiliates control. We may share information about you with our corporate affiliates and our corporate affiliates may share information with us using cookie or any other available technology.  
4.5 Compliance and Safety. We may release PII when we believe release is appropriate to:
