> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the demandbase.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-09-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170911014934id_/https%3A//www.demandbase.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Account-Based Marketing – Demandbase | Privacy Policy

### Collection of Information

When you visit our Sites, we gather non-personally identifiable information such as your browser version, your operating system version, your IP address, cookie information, time stamps (time page accessed as well as time spent per web page), and clickstream information (for example, which pages you viewed and for how long). Demandbase automatically receives and records such information on our server logs from your browser. In certain sections of our Sites, Demandbase may invite you to contact us to pose questions, request information, or complete a registration form. We may ask you to supply Personally Identifiable Information in order to register before allowing you to access certain parts of our Sites. We may also collect Personally Identifiable Information when you use certain Demandbase services, through the use of our Sites, or when you enter promotions or contests offered by Demandbase. “Personally Identifiable Information” means any information that identifies you personally, including your name, e-mail address, password, login ID, and other contact information that you voluntarily submit to us.

### Cookies and Web Beacons

We employ cookies on our Sites in order for our server to recognize a return visitor as a unique user. Cookies are small text files that your browser stores on your hard disk that allow us to remember you; cookies cannot access, read, or modify any other data on a computer. The cookies we place are readable only by us. All Web browsers offer the option to refuse any cookie. If you refuse Demandbase cookies, you may need to re-enter certain information each time you visit our Sites and we may not be able to customize our Sites’ features according to your preferences. You may also delete cookies manually from your hard drive. The cookies we place do not contain any personal information; however, they do contain identifiers that may be linked to certain non-personally identifiable information described in this privacy policy, as well as certain non-personally identifiable advertising IDs from third parties. We also use the Demandbase Platform on our Sites, which utilizes cookies and web beacons, such as invisible tracking pixels, to help us better serve you and to provide targeted advertising we place on third party websites. More information regarding our collection and use of information through the Demandbase Platform is provided separately, below.

### Marketing

We do not sell or rent the personal information we collect from your use of our Sites to third parties for their marketing purposes. We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies (such as demographic data) to improve and personalize the services provided to you. If you don’t wish to receive marketing communications from us, simply “unsubscribe” from email communication using the link located at the end of all marketing communications.

### Account Protection

Your password is the key to your account. We recommend the use of unique numbers, letters, and special characters in combination and that you not disclose your Demandbase password to anyone. If you do share your password or your personal information with others, remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately notify us and change your password.

### Phishing

In order to protect yourself from third parties unlawfully seeking your personal information through email that appears to be from Demandbase, you should never provide any personal information directly in response to an email you believe you have received from us. Rather, you should always close any such email, open your browser, log directly in to the Demandbase Site and change, update, or modify any such personal information only using our Sites. In the event that you believe that you have received a request for personal information in an email message that is made to appear that it was sent by us, please inform us immediately at support@demandbase.com.
