> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the viralised.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181018052448id_/http%3A//viralised.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Viralised.com

Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.

  * Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other websites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party websites. These third-party websites and advertisers, or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to send (or “serve”) the advertisements that appear on our website directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Notice. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices.
  * We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/). If you prefer not to receive interest-based content, you can opt-out by clicking on the “Opt Out” link at either Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) (<http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/>) or Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) (<http://optout.aboutads.info/#/>).
  * Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
  * We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
  * We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
  * We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
  * Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
  * We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
  * We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
  * We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.


