> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the viralvideochart.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121123090608id_/http%3A//www.unrulymedia.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Unruly Media

When you visit a Participant Site in our advertising network and view Distributed Content placed by us, we collect information about your activities as follows:

Technical Information. When we serve Distributed Content, we log and analyze technical information that is openly available to our servers such as information about the kind of browser being used (e.g., Safari, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system it’s running on (e.g., Windows, Mac OS, mobile OSes), the speed and type of Internet connection (e.g., narrowband, broadband, mobile), and other technical information. This information is anonymous and generally non-personally identifiable but does include “internet protocol addresses” or “IP addresses” which can be used to identify a user and may be considered to be “personally identifiable information” (see below). Unruly Media archives all technical information (including any such IP addresses) in raw log format.

IP Addresses: Unruly Media analyzes “internet protocol addresses” or “IP addresses” in order to determine an approximate geographic location so that we can serve a client’s Distributed Content that is more relevant to that location and/or perform other analyses based on information that may be collected about the history of interactions with our video player (see below) or clients’ Distributed Content that are common to any single or range of IP addresses. We may also collect or use IP address information for fraud detection or prevention. We archive IP address data as part of the raw log files of technical information maintained by our systems (see above). Unless you use a static IP address, an IP address typically relates to multiple businesses, households or larger communities. For example, if you use an Internet Service Provider (ISP) to access the Internet, your IP address may be assigned from a range of IP addresses. Unruly Media has no influence or control over how any IP address is assigned. An assigned IP address may also change from time to time within that range of IP addresses. While not impossible, especially if a user has been assigned an IP address permanently or for a period of time, it is difficult to identify an individual user based on an IP address and we do not actively associate IP addresses with any other information in order to identify any individual user on a personally identifiable basis.

Advertising Campaigns. Some Distributed Content may seek to collect personally identifiable or other information as part of a promotion or other offering by our advertising client or the Participant Site. If a user provides the requested information, Unruly Media may collect, store and provide such information to its client. Unruly Media stores this information for a period of time following the conclusion of the offering for both archival and legal reasons. The use of such information by the applicable client seeking such information will be governed by such client’s privacy policy. Other than such client, Unruly Media will not use or sell such information to or for the benefit of any other third party.

Interaction with Video Player and Other Usage Information. Unruly Media uses a proprietary video player to serve our clients’ Distributed Content. This video player can be hosted on a web page, be featured as part of an application or widget, or be embedded within an advertising unit. Unruly Media collects data about a user’s interactions with the player, such as what Distributed Content has been featured, played or clicked, whether playback is paused or stopped, and information collected in relation to the serving and display of Distributed Content, etc. Additionally, we may also collect information about the pages you visited at a Participant Site if our video player or Distributed Content are present on the pages, including what site or page you came from, how long you spent on the page, your click activity on the page, etc. The usage and interaction data helps us understand and report to our clients about whether and how often an item of Distributed Content is watched, whether partially or fully, and in what context, by users across our network of Participant Sites. It may also be used to target or re-target relevant advertising or other content to you through involvement of contracted third parties and/or on other sites you visit. Unruly Media may also use this information to determine what Distributed Content to show in the video player by matching usage with historical data that Unruly Media may have collected and stored using cookie or other technology. (See above section entitled "Third party suppliers or services"). 

Sharing and Social Media Features. Unruly Media works with social media tools, services and networks, such as Facebook and Twitter. We provide users with both proprietary and branded tools to enable them to share an item of Distributed Content, solicit or refer other users to view Distributed Content, or express or broadcast their opinion about an item of Distributed Content. In some cases, the use of these tools will require a user to provide personally-identifiable information. For example, a user may send a link for certain content to one or more recipients by email with a personal message. Unruly Media does not use the email addresses, except as necessary to deliver the communication as requested, and does not store the email addresses. If you use a tag, button or sharing feature that is provided by a branded third-party social media service or network, such as the Facebook’s “Like” button, you may be required to log-in to your account or otherwise take steps to access such third party services. Such collection, use and disclosure of any information by or in relation to such third party service is subject to its privacy policy, and this Privacy Policy does not apply.
