> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the virginbroadband.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2007-10-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071011092435id_/http%3A//www.virginbroadband.com.au/global/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**A little matter of privacy**  
This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information will be treated when you use the web site at [www.virginbroadband.com.au](http://www.virginbroadband.com.au/) ("web site") or when any goods or services are offered to you by or on behalf of Virgin Mobile (Australia) Pty Ltd (ABN 67 092 726 442) ("Virgin Mobile"). 

By providing your personal information to Virgin Mobile, through the web site, our call centre or otherwise, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to certain uses of your personal information, we may not be able to provide you with a particular product or service. 

In addition to this Privacy Policy, there may also be additional privacy provisions that apply to certain sections of the web site or to specific services offered by Virgin Mobile. Because these additional provisions also relate to your privacy protection, you should review them wherever they are accessible to you on the web site or in the terms and conditions for the service. If there is any inconsistency between this Privacy Policy and those additional privacy provisions, the additional provisions will prevail. 

  
**1\. What is this policy about?**  
This policy explains the key measures we have taken to implement the requirements of the Telecommunications Act 1997 and the Privacy Act 1998, which implements the National Privacy Principles. It aims to answer the questions you might have about how we collect, use and disclose your personal information. If you have any further questions about Virgin Mobile's privacy practices, please contact the Virgin Mobile team on 1300 555 100 and ask for the Privacy Officer or email us at privacy@virginmobile.com.au. Media enquiries should be made to The Press Office on (02) 9028 1600.

**2\. What information have you collected about me?**  
We hold information that you have provided to us about yourself, and information about your use of our services such as billing and calling information. The information that we collect will depend on how you use the facilities offered by Virgin Mobile. Information that you might have provided to us includes:

  * information provided in applying for goods or services such as a pre-paid or post-paid mobile phone service - for example, your contact details, driver's licence number, photo identification, general demographic information and financial information; 
  * information generated by your use of our services - for example, your calling patterns and details of any contact you have with Virgin Mobile such as through our customer support staff; and 
  * information provided as part of your use of the Virgin Mobile web site such as entering give-aways or competitions - for example, your email address. 



**3\. What do you do with this information?**   
We collect information about you to provide you with a particular product or service. We may also use personal information for related purposes such as:

  * maintaining our relationship with you, including responding to your questions; 
  * helping us to identify and inform you about other products or services that are likely to be useful for you; 
  * approving an application for a pre-paid or post-paid account; 
  * internal accounting and administration, including sharing information with our related bodies corporate for reporting purposes; 
  * providing your contact details to Telstra as required by law, so that your number can be used by emergency services and for other approved purposes; 
  * protecting you and Virgin Mobile from error and fraud; 
  * preventing a serious credit infringement; 
  * improving the web site; and 
  * developing a better understanding of our customers' needs. 



If you do not provide us with your personal information, we cannot provide you with these services. 

**4\. Are there any other times when you use my information for any other purpose or give this information to someone else?**  
Virgin Mobile recognises the trust you place in us when you give us your personal information. Other than disclosure to service providers (explained below) or as required by law (for example, disclosure to various Government departments or to courts), our policy is that we do not generally give your personal information to other organisations unless you have given us your consent to do so. 

We may share your personal information with affinity partners, service providers and other third parties to help us run aspects of our business efficiently. Occasionally Virgin Mobile might also use your personal information for other purposes or share your information with another organisation because:

  * we believe it is necessary to provide you with a service which you have requested; 
  * we believe it necessary to implement our terms of service; 
  * we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property or personal safety of another Virgin Mobile user, any member of the public or Virgin Mobile; 
  * we believe it is necessary to do so to prevent or help detect fraud or serious credit infringements - for example, we may share information with other phone companies, credit reporting agencies, law enforcement agencies and fraud prevention units; 
  * we believe it is necessary to protect the interests of Virgin Mobile - for example, disclosure to a court in the event of legal action to which Virgin Mobile is a party; or 
  * the assets and operations of the business are being transferred to another party as a going concern. 



When we share information with other organisations and service providers as set out above, we do so in accordance with this Privacy Policy. To the extent that these organisations and service providers gain access to your personal information, they are covered by strict privacy rules that prevent them from keeping this information or using this information for any other purpose.

**5\. Do I have to receive marketing information from Virgin Mobile?**  
Virgin Mobile strives to offer the best deals in the communications business, so we like to keep you up to date with our special offers and new services, unless you've specifically asked us not to. Please note that once you've sign up to a Virgin Mobile service, you can choose not to receive marketing information from us by calling the Virgin Mobile team on 1300 555 100 at any time. Also if you've said "No thanks" to receiving information, you can always call the same number to change to a "Yes".

**6\. Why do you give my details to Telstra?**  
When you are allocated a telephone number, Virgin Mobile is required by law to give certain details about you and your number to the Integrated Public Number Database ("IPND") managed by Telstra. The information provided to the IPND includes the following:

  * your telephone number/s; 
  * your name and the name of the end-user (if different from the name of the purchaser); 
  * your address; 
  * the purposes for which the telephone number will be used - for example, business, charitable or residential purposes; and 
  * whether your number/s is "listed", "unlisted" or a "suppressed address record". 



The IPND is a resource for the telecommunications industry, law enforcement agencies, directory publishers, national security agencies and emergency services organisations. There are strict laws governing the use and disclosure of your information in connection with the IPND.

Generally a mobile number will be "unlisted". That means your number will not be used in a public number directory but may be used or disclosed for the purposes of assisting law enforcement agencies, national security agencies and emergency services organisations. If you would like your number to be "listed" or if you would like to alter your IPND data, just contact the Virgin Mobile team on 1300 555 100. 

**7\. Do you use cookies and all that stuff on your web site?**  
Our web site is designed to give you useful information about Virgin Mobile products and to allow you as much as possible to tell us how to manage your services online. We use cookies to ensure you can make online transactions securely. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record keeping purposes. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. Virgin Mobile also uses cookies to measure our customers' interest in different parts of our web site. Cookies are useful to estimate the number of visitors to our web site and determine overall traffic patterns. If you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to refuse cookies. This may mean you will not be able to take full advantage of Virgin Mobile's online services.

**8\. How can I access the information you keep about me?**  
If at any time you want to know what personal information we hold about you, you are welcome to request a copy of your customer record by calling the Virgin Mobile team on 1300 555 100. We aim to respond to most requests within 14 days, or if the request is more detailed, within 30 days. VMA may recover from you its reasonable cost of supplying you with this information.

**9\. How do I change or delete the information that you have about me?**  
If at any time you wish to change personal information that is inaccurate or out of date, please contact us and we will take reasonable steps to amend our records. If you want us to delete the information we hold about you, please let us know and we will do our best to delete it unless we need to keep if for any of the purposes identified in Items 3 or 4 of this Privacy Policy or for legal reasons. For example, Virgin Mobile is required to keep information about the purchasers and end users of pre-paid mobile services for as long as the service is activated.

**10\. Is the information Virgin Mobile has about me secure?**  
Virgin Mobile endeavours to take all reasonable steps to keep your personal information secure. We store this information on secure servers that are protected in access-controlled facilities. Only authorised users can access your personal information, and access is only for approved purposes. We train our staff and require our data operators to respect the privacy and confidentiality of your information.   
Unfortunately, we can't give you an absolute guarantee that your information is always secure. For example, no data sent over the internet is 100% secure. While we do out best, we can't be held responsible for events arising from unauthorised access to your personal information.

**11\. What can I do to keep information about me secure?**  
You play an important role in keeping your personal information secure. It is your responsibility to keep any password, PIN or other ID check information confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. Please notify us immediately if there is any unauthorised use of your account by anyone or there is any other breach of security.

**12\. What happens to my information if I enter it on a different web site linked to the Virgin Mobile site?**  
Virgin Mobile provides links to some other web sites outside of the Virgin Mobile service. These linked sites are not under our control, so we are not responsible for the conduct of companies linked to our web site. Before you enter information on to those sites, you should look at their privacy policy and terms and conditions of use.

**13\. Do you have information on people other than customers?**  
Most of the personal information that Virgin Mobile has concerns our customers. But we also keep information about people who provide information via the web site, apply for a service (even if the application is declined) or express an interest in our services, such as by making an inquiry or asking us to contact them when their current mobile phone contract expires. This policy applies to those people as well. We also hold personal information on contractors and employees, which are covered by separate policies. 

**14\. What if ownership of the Virgin Mobile business changes?**  
In the unlikely event that ownership of part or all of the Virgin Mobile business changes, your personal information will be transferred to the new owner of the business.

**15\. What to do if you have a problem, question or complaint?**  
If you have any further queries relating to our Privacy Policy, or you have a problem or complaint, please call the Virgin Mobile team on 1300 555 100 or contact us at privacy@virginmobile.com.au. If Virgin Mobile becomes aware of any ongoing concerns or problems with customer information, we will take these issues seriously and work to address these concerns. 

**16\. Future changes  
** Virgin Mobile aims to be the best in the telecommunications industry. That means our business will continue to evolve as we introduce new products and services and add new features to our web site. Because of this, from time to time, our policies will be reviewed and may be revised. Virgin Mobile reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and notify you by posting an updated version of the Policy on its web site. The amended Privacy Policy will apply between us whether or not we have given you specific notice of any change. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically because it may change from time to time.   


Virgin Broadband text placement, descriptive words for search engine optimisation. This text must be here so the site ranks well. Virgin Broadband text placement, descriptive words for search engine optimisation. This text must be here. It cannot be hidden, but you're not really supposed to read it. It's for the search engines.
