> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the virginmobile.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040609194207id_/http%3A//www.virginmobile.com.au/privacy_security.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Virgin Mobile Australia - mobile phones, cheap calls, free voicemail and no long-term contracts

This Privacy Policy applies to Virgin Mobile Pty Ltd (ABN 67 092 726 442)

**What is this policy about?**

This policy sets out how we handle your personal information. It explains the key measures we have taken to implement the requirements of the Telecommunications Act 1997 and the Privacy Act 1998, which implements the National Privacy Principles. It aims to answer the questions you might have about how we handle your personal information. If you have any further questions about Virgin Mobile's privacy practices, please contact the Virgin Mobile team on 1300 555 100 and ask for the Privacy Officer or e-mail us at [team@virginmobile.com.au](mailto:team@virginmobile.com.au). Media enquiries should be made to Chris Baines on (02) 9338 6174 .   
  
   
**What information have you collected about me?**

We basically hold information that you have provided to us about yourself, and information about your use of our services such as billing and calling information. The information that you might have provided to us in registering as a customer includes contact details, general demographic information and financial information. The information generated by your use of our services includes your calling patterns and details of any contact you have with Virgin Mobile such as through our customer support staff.   
  
   
**What do you do with this information?**

Our purpose in collecting this information is to provide you with our services. We collect information about you for uses related to your phone account \- such as responding to your questions, solving any technical support problems, knowing about what sorts of services are likely to be most useful for you, approving an application for a post-paid account and to develop a better understanding of our customers' needs.   
  
   
**Are there any other times when you use information about customers for any other purposes or give this information to someone else?**

Occasionally Virgin Mobile might also use customer information for other purposes or share customer information with another organisation because:

•  A customer has given us consent to do this;  
•  It is required by law;  
•  We believe it necessary to provide you with a service which you have requested;  
•  We believe it necessary to implement our terms of service;  
•  It is necessary to protect the rights, property or personal safety of another Virgin  
    Mobile user, any member of the public or Virgin Mobile;  
•  The assets and operations of the business are being transferred to another party as  
    a going concern.   
  
   
**Why do I receive advertising information from Virgin Mobile?**

Virgin Mobile strives to offer the best deals in the communications business, so we like to keep you up to date with our special offers and new services, unless you've specifically asked us not to. Please note that when a new customer signs up with Virgin Mobile, they can choose to receive or not receive marketing communications from us. Existing customers have the same choice by contacting the Virgin Mobile team on 1300 555 100 at any time. If they don't, we'll assume they're happy to continue hearing about our great deals.   
  
   
**What if I don't want to get told about Virgin Mobile's special offers?**

We think that's a shame - but we'll certainly respect your choice. If at any time you decide you'd rather not receive marketing information from Virgin Mobile, please let us know by contacting the Virgin Mobile team on 1300 555 100. Or, if you've said "No thanks" to receiving information, you can call the same number to change to a "Yes".   
  
   
**Do you ever give this information to other businesses?**

Virgin Mobile recognises the trust you place in us when you give us personal information. Virgin Mobile has a strict policy about giving the personal information of its customers to other businesses. Other than with service providers (explained below) and where it is authorised by law, our policy is that we do not generally give information on customers to other businesses unless those customers give us consent to sharing their personal information.

Sometimes we use service providers to help us run aspects of our business efficiently, such as couriers and computer security companies. To the extent that these service providers gain access to the personal information of customers, they are covered by strict privacy rules that prevent them from keeping this information for themselves or using this information for any other purposes.   
  
   
**Do you use cookies and all that stuff on your web site?**

Our web site is designed to give you useful information about Virgin Mobile products and to allow you as much as possible to tell us how to manage your services online. We use cookies to ensure you can make online transactions securely. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk for record keeping purposes. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. Virgin Mobile also uses cookies to measure our customers' interest in different parts of our website. Cookies are useful to estimate the number of visitors to our website and determine overall traffic patterns.

If you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to refuse cookies. This may mean you will not be able to take full advantage of Virgin Mobile's online services.   
  
   
**You can access the information we keep about you**

If at any time you want to know what personal information we hold about you, you are welcome to request a copy of your customer record by calling the Virgin Mobile team on 1300 555 100. We aim to respond to most requests within 14 days, or if the request is more detailed, within 30 days.   
  
   
**Changing and deleting the information we have about you**

If at any time you wish to change personal information that is inaccurate or out of date, please contact us and we will amend this record. If you want us to delete the information about you on our records, please let us know and we will do our best to delete it unless we need to keep it for legal or service reasons.   
  
   
**Is the information Virgin Mobile has about me secure?**

Virgin Mobile endeavours to take all reasonable steps to keep any information we hold about our customers secure. We store this information on secure servers that are protected in access-controlled facilities. We train our staff and require our data operators to respect the privacy and confidentiality of customer information.

Unfortunately, we can't give you an absolute guarantee that customer information is always secure. For example, no data sent over the internet is 100% secure. While we do our best, we can't be held responsible for events arising from unauthorised access to your personal information.   
  
   
**What can I do to keep information about me secure?**

You can also play an important role in keeping your personal information secure, by maintaining the confidentiality of any password, PIN or other ID check information. Please notify us immediately if there is any unauthorised use of your account by anyone or there is any other breach of security.   
  
   
**What happens to my information if I enter it on a different website linked to the Virgin Mobile site?**

Virgin Mobile provides links to some other websites outside of the Virgin Mobile service. These linked sites are not under our control, so we are not responsible for the conduct of companies linked to our website. Before you enter information on to those sites, we encourage you to look at their Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.   
  
   
**Do you have information on people other than customers?**

Most of the personal information that Virgin Mobile has concerns our customers. But we also keep information about people who have expressed an interest in our services, such as by making an enquiry or asking us to contact them when their current mobile phone contract expires. This policy applies to those people as well. We also hold personal information on contractors and employees, which are covered by separate policies.   
  
   
**What if ownership of the Virgin Mobile business changes?**

In the unlikely event that ownership of part or all of the Virgin Mobile business changes, customer information will be transferred to the new owner of the business.   
  
   
**What to do if you have a problem, question or complaint**

If you have any further queries relating to our Privacy Policy, or you have a problem or complaint, please call the Virgin Mobile team on 1300 555 100 or contact us at [team@virginmobile.com.au](mailto:team@virginmobile.com.au). If Virgin Mobile becomes aware of any ongoing concerns or problems with customer information, we will take these issues seriously and work to address these concerns.

If Virgin Mobile does not resolve a privacy problem to your satisfaction, you can take a complaint further by contacting the Federal Privacy Commissioner's office on 1300 363 992, or visiting www.privacy.gov.au.   
  
   
**Future changes**

Virgin Mobile aims to be the best in the telecommunications industry. That means our business will continue to evolve as we introduce new services and features to our website. Because of this, from time to time, our policies will be reviewed and may be revised. Virgin Mobile reserves the right to change its privacy policy at any time and notify you by posting an updated version of the policy on its website.

The amended Privacy Policy will apply between us whether or not we have given you specific notice of any change.   
  
   
   
 
