> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the virtual-strategy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130522094618id_/http%3A//www.virtual-strategy.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Virtual-Strategy Magazine

Introduction. This privacy statement explains Virtual-Strategy Magazine’s policies and practices relating to information obtained through this website. By using this website, you consent to the practices described in this statement. This statement is not intended to identify or explain any additional or different policies or practices applicable to Virtual-Strategy Magazine’s handling of customer information governed by any separate written agreement with customers. If you have any questions about this Statement, please feel free to contact us at privacy ( @ ) virtual-strategy.com (without spaces or parentheses).

Information You Provide To Us. When you submit a registration form for a seminar or other event, we collect your name, company name, contact information, and relevant technology related information. This information is used by us and/or our agents in connection with seminar / event preparation and presentation, and to contact you about other services and products we offer. If you give us your postal address, we may send you mailings with information on new products, services or information about other Virtual-Strategy Magazine events. We also collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us by email. The email addresses are used to contact existing and / or potential customers. If you supply us with your telephone number, you may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding the seminar or event for which you registered, about new products or services, or about other Virtual-Strategy Magazine events. We do not share this information with other marketers. If you wish to be removed from our email mailing list, please unsubscribe using the unsubscribe link included in every email solicitation. If you do not wish to receive postal mailings or phone calls from Virtual-Strategy Magazine, please let us know by sending an email to privacy ( @ ) virtual-strategy.com (without spaces or parentheses).

Other Types of Information. We maintain customary server logs that automatically record certain information such as the web request, internet protocol address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your visit. We may share this data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis. This information is used to determine the information that is of most interest of users of the site, for the operation of the site, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the site. This data is also used to deliver customized content to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.

Other Disclosure of Information. We will disclose your personal information, without notice, on the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law, regulation, or enforceable governmental request, or comply with legal process served on us or the site; (b) address technical, security or fraud issues, and /or (c) protect or defend the rights, property or safety of users of our site or the public. Information may also be transferred if Virtual-Strategy Magazine becomes involved in a merger, acquisition or in connection with the sale of some or all of its assets, in which case this Statement will be updated with all pertinent information.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [please check here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

Changes to this Statement. Please note that our privacy policies and practices may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under any changes with respect to any information that has already been collected without your explicit consent. In any event, we will post any changes to policies and / or practices on this page.

Contact Information. We welcome your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. Please send your comments to privacy ( @ ) virtual-strategy.com (without spaces or parentheses).
