> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the virtualmin.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230193007id_/http%3A//virtualmin.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Virtualmin

Privacy Statement Virtualmin, Inc. is firmly committed to insuring your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices. IP and Computer Information We may use client IP addresses to diagnose problems with our web-site. Client access information is stored for the purposes of monitoring site usage and performance. IP information is not made available to third parties, and is not used for the purpose of marketing our products or third party products. License Key and Subscription Purchased software requires a license key, and an active software updates subscription on our updates server, in order to function fully. License keys and subscription IDs are used only for the purpose of verifying license compliance, and notifying customers of upcoming license renewals. This data will not be sold or disclosed to third parties. Security of Personal and Financial Data Any personal and financial information gathered for the purposes of commerce will be transmitted via a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connection with 128-bit encryption, using a certificate provided by GoDaddy.com, Inc. This information will be kept confidential. Email Address Your email address will be used to email copies of your order information including order number and details. We do not give away or sell your email address to other companies. We only use this information to contact you regarding your order and to provide better customer support. In the Virtualmin.com community there are many opportunities to subscribe to email notifications and mailing lists, but you will not be subscribed automatically to any email notifications or mailing lists. You may unsubscribe from our website notifications or mailing lists at any time. You may control all of your subscriptions and notifications on the My Account page under the Notifications tab. Name, Address, and Phone Number Your name, address, and phone number may be stored in our system so that we can better serve you, when you return to our site or file a support issue. Only Virtualmin, Inc. staff members will have access to details beyond your community username (and any information you choose to disclose in the Virtualmin community forums). Credit Card Information Credit card purchases are processed in realtime, and your credit card details are not retained in system storage after the order has been processed.
