> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the virtualsports.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061230105729id_/http%3A//www.virtualsports.com.au%3Fp%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# VirtualSPORTS - Play Dream Team Fantasy Sports FREE! The Leaders in Australasian Fantasy Sports

**The VirtualSPORTS Dream Team is committed to responsible management of your information and abides by all rules, both ethical and legal, with respect to the use of consumer information. We strictly adhere to all industry guidelines, and are continuously monitoring and enhancing how we manage the use and security of consumer information to uphold your rights.**

**INFORMATION COLLECTED**

The VirtualSPORTS Dream Team may collect personal information such as name, physical address, email addresses, phone number and age; and for subscription and session tracking services, I.P. and address logging. The VirtualSPORTS Dream Team may also set cookies storing information about the user such as place of access, browser type and version, and tracking movement and activity throughout the site. The VirtualSPORTS Dream Team from time to time may request further non personally identifiable information for demographic purposes. Other personal information collected by the VirtualSPORTS Dream Team partners and service providers, as referred to from the VirtualSPORTS Dream Team, is subject to the Privacy Policies of the third party. The VirtualSPORTS Dream Team provides and uses the services of reputable third parties who also provide clear statements regarding responsible use of consumer information. 

**HANDLING OF INFORMATION**

Personal information collected by the VirtualSPORTS Dream Team is used for the purposes as stated on its collection, such as entry into its various games and competitions, subscription to newsletters, entry to contests and giveaways, submission of content to chat and discussion forums, etc. The VirtualSPORTS Dream Team uses industry standard systems, software and encryption whenever possible and appropriate as means of precaution to keep the information disclosed secure. Wherever possible, the VirtualSPORTS Dream Team requests only the minimal required information. However, the VirtualSPORTS Dream Team cannot be held responsible for any breach of security. The VirtualSPORTS Dream Team may also link to a wide variety of other sites and contain advertisements of third parties. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users. 

**USE OF INFORMATION**

The VirtualSPORTS Dream Team does NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE provide any information collected from its users to any third parties, unless otherwise advised and opted for by its users during the sign-up period, in circumstances where it is necessary to conform to legal requirements, protect and defend our rights or property, to protect the interests of other users, or as required by third party promotional partners and advised in the specific Terms and Conditions of Entry for any Prizes. The data collected from cookies and IP addresses is used to gather demographic information about the entire VirtualSPORTS Dream Team audience, which is used to improve the VirtualSPORTS Dream Team service, as well as track game progress in the various games and competitions. Cookies stored on user machines do not contain any personally identifiable information that may pose any security threat. We also share aggregate information -- not individual data -- with our advertisers to help them better understand our services and to monitor the reach of their advertising on the service. The VirtualSPORTS Dream Team may disclose or exchange with others general statistics or information about its user base. However, this information will not contain any individual or personal information. Further information on the use of data collected is available in any specific Terms and Condtitions of Entry to each competition on Prizes pages (if appropriate), and it is a condition of entry in the Promotion that Participants consent to the uses and disclosures of their personal information, as specified there. 

**ADVERTISING**

To enhance your Web experience, this site may, from time to time, use anonymous identifiers ("cookies") to collect anonymous preference and interest visitor information. This information is provided to the Ad-Server and is used by the Ad-Server to create anonymous interest profiles. This information does not include and is never merged with personally identifiable information (such as name, address or email address) or any information that is considered sensitive or controversial or that would compromise your privacy. The Ad-Server(s') profiles may be accessed by the web site and marketers to tailor site content, promotions and advertising, and to perform marketing research. Consumers can opt-out from these profiles at any time and specific details will be available on this page as appropriate. 

Users of the VirtualSPORTS Dream Team opt-in and registration services may choose, as appropriate, to correct member details or to be removed from selected services. On request, all data will be permanently deleted off our databases. Information on how to change details or be removed from any of our services is provided with each newsletter, or where the service may be used on the web site. 

**Further enquiries and questions about the VirtualSPORTS Dream Team and its policies and procedures relating to its handling of personal user information, can be forwarded to the VirtualSPORTS Dream Team by[contacting us here.](https://web.archive.org/?p=contactus)**
