> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the virtualnerd.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121003040125id_/http%3A//virtualnerd.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Virtual Nerd: Real help in math and science

Thank you for visiting Virtual Nerd, LLC’s (“Virtual Nerd”) Internet web site located at the URL www.virtualnerd.com (“Site”). This Privacy Policy details certain policies implemented throughout Virtual Nerd governing Virtual Nerd’s use of personally identifiable information about users of our Site and users of our services.

## Privacy Policy Updates

Due to the Internet’s rapidly evolving nature, Virtual Nerd may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, Virtual Nerd will post our updated Privacy Policy on our Site located at http://www.virtualnerd.com/privacy.php along with notice that the Privacy Policy has been changed so you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. Virtual Nerd may also send registered users of the Site e-mail notifications notifying such users of any changes to the Privacy Policy. Virtual Nerd encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Site and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.

## Information Collection and Use

You can generally visit our Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, to register for an account or to otherwise use certain functionality of the Site, we may invite you to contact us with questions or comments or request information or complete a profile or registration form. Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may collect personally identifiable information such as your name, e-mail address, password, school attended, grade level, applicable course textbooks used and any other contact information that you voluntarily transmit with your communications to us. We also may collect information about you and your use of our Site and services. When and if applicable, we may collect information for billing purposes, such as credit card information or PayPal account information.

We may use your personally identifiable information to register you to use our services, contact you to deliver certain services or information you have requested, verify your authority to enter our Site, improve the content and general administration of the Site and our services and provide you with notices regarding our services. We may use your billing information to process your payment and to perform related billing functions.

## Children’s Privacy

Virtual Nerd recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. Virtual Nerd does not target its services or this Site to children under 13. Virtual Nerd does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.

## Cookies

We may use small text files called cookies to improve overall Site experience. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you.

## Aggregate Information

The Site may track information that will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and which will not contain your personally identifiable information, for example, without limitation, the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, browser type, External Web Sites (defined below) linked to and IP addresses. We may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, and we may use such aggregate information to administer the Site, track users’ movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

## Disclosure

We may provide your personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies and the aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us in providing our services to you for their use solely to provide us with such assistance. For example, we may provide your personally identifiable information to a credit card processing company to process your payment. We will also disclose your personally identifiable information (a) only if we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or otherwise in cooperation with an ongoing investigation of a governmental authority, (b) to enforce the Virtual Nerd Terms of Use agreement or to protect our rights or (c) to protect the safety of users of our Site and our services. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any company or organization, but we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Virtual Nerd participates or to a purchaser or acquirer of all or substantially all of Virtual Nerd’s assets to which this Site relates.

## Links to Third Party Sites

The Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources over which Virtual Nerd does not have control (“External Web Sites”). Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Virtual Nerd of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that Virtual Nerd is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that Virtual Nerd is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.

## Security

We may employ procedural and technological measures, consistent with industry practice. Such measures are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Virtual Nerd may use encryption, secure socket layer and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information.

## Updating Personally Identifiable Information

Virtual Nerd provides you with the ability to review and update the registration information that you provide to us by accessing and modifying this information on your user profile page.

### If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us via email at info@virtualnerd.com.

## Users Outside of the United States

Our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so your personal data will be processed by us in the U.S. where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you create a user account with the Site as a visitor from outside the United States, by using the Site you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy was last updated: October 25, 2009

This Privacy Policy is effective as of: November 14, 2008
