> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the paintcodeapp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191224082608id_/https%3A//www.paintcodeapp.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PaintCode - Turn your drawings into Objective-C or Swift drawing code

## PixelCut Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy notice informs you about the type of data collected through the PixelCut websites (“Sites"): www.pixelcut.com, www.paintcodeapp.com and our cloud-based services (“Services”) that relates to PaintCode application and how we at PixelCut use, disclose and protect that information. 

 

### Applicability of this Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect on this Sites and Services.

Any questions regarding this policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to [privacy@pixelcut.com](mailto:privacy@pixelcut.com) or by writing to PixelCut s.r.o., Vajnorska 105, 831 04, Bratislava, Slovak Republic. Alternatively, you can call us: +421‑2‑43 634 666.

### Who are we?

We’re the Slovak company PixelCut s.r.o. In this policy ‘PixelCut’, ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’ means:

PixelCut spol. s r. o. and have our registered office at Vajnorska 105, 831 04, Bratislava, Slovak Republic, registration number 46 565 400 and VAT number SK2023441376. We are the controller responsible for the processing of personal data through the Sites and Services.

### How do we collect information from you?

We obtain personal data through Sites and Services. Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. In addition, we obtain certain personal data by using cookies, including similar technologies such as local storage when you visit Sites.

We obtain information about you in the following ways:

### Cookies

Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer’s hard drive or mobile device when you visit certain websites. Cookie technology hold information a site may need to personalize a visitor’s experience. Cookies may also be used for security purposes and to gather website statistical data, such as which pages are visited, what is downloaded, and the paths taken by visitors to our website as they move from page to page.

You do have control over cookies, and can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Note, however, that by not accepting or deleting the use of cookies, you may affect your website experience and you may not be able to take full advantage of all features on this Site. Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information.

 

### Google Analytics

We may also use third-party solutions to conduct web analytics, such as Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., which uses cookies to help analyze how users use this website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this Site (such as your IP address, the URL visited, the date and time the page was viewed) will be transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information to monitor your use of this Site, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google may transfer this information to third parties where required by law, or where such third parties process information on Google’s behalf. For more information about Google’s privacy policy in respect of Google Analytics, please refer to <http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html>. You may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl+en=GB>.

### PixelCut Analytics

We use our own in-house analytics solution to obtain data about your usage of our software products. We do this to better understand the usage patterns of our software, which helps us improve the software. The collected information is anonymized and does not contain any personal data. The collected information does not contain any content from documents you create in our software. We do not collect any information that would allow us to find out the contents of documents you create in our software.

### The types of personal data we may obtain

The personal information we may collect, store and use might include:

  * your name and contact details (including postal address, email address and telephone number)
  * hardware UUID of your device
  * information about your activities on our Sites and about the device used to access it, for instance your IP address



We do not collect sensitive data about you unless there is a clear and valid reason for doing so and data protection laws allow us to, for example.

Where appropriate, we will make why we are collecting this type of information and what it will be used for clear.

### How and why is your information used?

We may use your information for a number of different purposes, which may include:

  * creation of an account for your use of Sites and Services
  * providing you with the services, products or information you asked for
  * processing orders that you have submitted
  * carrying out our obligations under any contracts entered into between you and us
  * keeping a record of your relationship with us
  * conducting analysis and market research so we can understand how we can improve our services, products or information
  * seeking your views or comments on the services we provide
  * notifying you of changes to our services
  * sending you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you. These may include information about campaigns, activities and promotions of goods and services
  * job applications
  * we do not sell, rent or trade your personal information



### How long is your information kept for?

We keep your information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes it was collected for, except if required otherwise by applicable law. Typically, we will retain most of the personal information for the duration of your use of Sites and Services, until you have removed your account, unless a longer applicable statutory retention period applies.

### How we protect personal data

When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that appropriate technical and organisational controls are in place to protect your personal data against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. However, due the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us or the personal information stored is absolutely secure. We will notify you of any data breach that is likely to have unfavorable consequences for your privacy in accordance with applicable law. 

### Who has access to your information?

We do not sell or rent your information to third parties.

We do not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.

### Your Rights

Under GDPR law, you have certain rights over the personal information that we hold about you. Here is a summary of the rights that we think apply:

#### Right of access

You have a right to request access to the personal data that we hold about you. You also have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you, and we will provide you with this unless legal exceptions apply.

If you want to access your information, please send a description of the information you want to see and proof of your identity by post to the address provided below.

#### Right to have your inaccurate personal information corrected

You have the right to have inaccurate or incomplete information we hold about you corrected. The accuracy of your information is important to us so we’re working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that we hold about you. In the meantime, if you change email address, or if you believe any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please contact us via email or post (see below).

#### Right of erasure

You may ask us to delete some or all of your personal information and in certain cases, and subject to certain exceptions; we will do so as far as we are required to. In many cases, we will anonymise that information, rather than delete it.

If you want to exercise any of the above rights, please email us at privacy@pixelcut.com

### Transferring your information outside of Europe

As part of the Services offered to you through Sites, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EEA. You should be aware that these countries may not have similar data protection laws to the EEA. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EEA in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this policy.

If you use our Services while you are outside the EEA, your information may be transferred outside the EEA in order to provide you with those Services. We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information that we hold to ensure that your info is only accessible by appropriately trained staff, volunteers and contractors.

### Changes to this policy

Any changes we may make to this policy in the future will be posted on this website so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. If we make any significant changes we’ll make this clear on this website.

### Review of this Policy

We keep this policy under regular review. This policy was last updated in May 2018.
