> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the highbeam.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-04-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060414231832id_/http%3A//www.highbeam.com/privacy.asp%3FctrlInfo%3DRound19%253AMode19b%253AHP%253AFtr%252EPrivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HighBeam Research - Privacy Policy

## Privacy Policy

At HighBeam™ Research, Inc. ("HighBeam") we want you, our users, to be aware of how we use information we have collected from and about you. By coming to the HighBeam site, you are agreeing to and accepting this Privacy Policy as well as the Terms and Conditions and other end user agreements governing our services.

  * HighBeam collects information from you for the purpose of creating a better service by allowing us to know who you are and how you use the site. This means that we will use information we collect to learn how our audience uses the site, to create demographic profiles of our audience, to advertise effectively, and to communicate with you about matters relating to our services.
  * Similarly to most Internet companies, HighBeam contracts with several online partners to help manage (e,g., site traffic analytics) and provide functionality (e.g., email.). We also use the services of a third party marketing company to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site. To do this, we use Action Tags and cookies provided by our marketing company on this site.
  * Although our marketing company logs the information coming from our site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used. If you do not want to help us learn how to improve our site, products, offers and marketing strategy, you can "opt-out" of this web-site analysis tool by clicking here. <http://optout.highbeam.rpts.net/cgi-bin/rpts/optout.pl> Please be aware that if you opt out of this this analysis tool, you will not be able to use certain parts of our site nor have access to certain functions. In some instances you may not be able to access our site at all.
  * HighBeam also collects information for secondary purposes. We may from time to time communicate messages from our partners to you. We may also engage in co-registration programs with our partners in which situations both our partners and we will be able to communicate with you and use demographic data about you. You will have the option to opt out of receiving these messages in the "My Account" section of the website.
  * We also reserve the right to license your name, email address, postal address, and demographic information to other organizations that have specific product and service offers. You may choose at any time to remove your name and address from these third-party mailing lists by editing your privacy preferences on your My Account page, by filling out this form (please include your name, address, and email), or by opting out through the unsubscribe link on any email message you receive. Please be aware that if you opt out of these mailing lists, you will not be able to use certain parts of our site nor have access to certain functions. In some instances you may not be able to access our site at all.
  * We sell advertising on our site in order to provide parts of our service for free and at a more affordable price for paying customers. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Most of the ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by DoubleClick, our Web advertising partner. Information about your visit, such as number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal information), is used to serve ads to you. For more information about DoubleClick, cookies, and how to "opt-out", please click here: <http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy.> Please be aware that if you opt out of allowing our web advertising partner to collect this information, you will not be able to use certain parts of the site nor have access to certain functions. In some instances you may not be able to access our site at all.
  * HighBeam may share your personally identifiable information ("Identifying Information") with others under the types of circumstances described in this Privacy Policy. We also reserve the right to assign, sell, license, or otherwise transfer to a third party your Identifying Information in connection with an assignment, sale, joint venture, or other transfer of all or substantially all of our assets. Identifying Information includes your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, credit card information, service usage data, and any other information that you have directly or indirectly provided to us through your use of our services.
  * If you make a purchase by credit card or otherwise provide your credit card information, the relevant data will be transmitted to HighBeam's vendor providing such payment processing service. Similarly, if you are using a co-branded site of HighBeam and at least one other third party (indicated by the inclusion of another party's name or product/service name either in the URL or site or by the inclusion of a third party's(ies') logos or trademarks in the site), your Identifying Information may be used and/or distributed by HighBeam pursuant to this Privacy Policy and by the other party(ies) pursuant to this Policy and/or their applicable policy(ies). Such third party will be authorized to use this information in keeping with our contractual relationship with them and in accordance with their own privacy policy and information practices. We do not control these third parties and you agree that HighBeam is not liable for their acts, or any failure to act on their part.
  * We will not make Identifying Information available publicly without your prior written or electronic consent unless (a) the information is already publicly available; (b) required by law, court order, or as requested by other government or law enforcement authority; or (c) the information is posted by the user to an on-line bulletin board, chat room, news groups, or other public forum. 
  * We may use and/or distribute information about you and your use of the HighBeam site in forms that do not identify you individually or reveal your identity.
  * Advertisements, promotional offers, promotional emails, newsletters, "free gifts," and links, for example, on the HighBeam site or sent via email or other means from HighBeam may ask for Identifying Information from you. If you provide this information, your Identifying Information may be provided (either directly from you or by HighBeam) to the advertiser or web site or company making the offer or providing the gift. This Privacy Policy does not cover the privacy and information practices of those advertisers or web sites linked to the HighBeam site.
  * HighBeam may use other companies and persons to perform certain functions for us. These functions might include, for example, processing credit card payments, providing customer service, and sending email. These other companies and persons may have access to customer information (such as Identifying Information) that's needed to perform their functions, but they are not authorized to use it for any other purposes. In addition, we may share information with other affiliated companies and joint ventures.
  * As a benefit of membership, HighBeam members may receive the following communications from us: Communications related to subscription maintenance activities or transactional relationship messages. These communications may include, without limitation, notices regarding material changes to HighBeam site policies, service updates, service enhancements, account management procedures and customer service transactional replies. Since these communications are necessary to ensure we provide our members with the highest quality of services, our members are not permitted to opt out from receipt of these communications.



**In order to provide our users with a more complete understanding of how the HighBeam site collects and uses information from our users, we have provided the following information:**

  * **Internet Protocol (IP) Address**  
The Highbeam site logs IP addresses for systems administration, diagnostic, and site tracking purposes, and to report aggregate information to advertisers **Cookies**.The HighBeam site uses files called "cookies" to store usernames, passwords, and other user preferences and behaviors. You should be aware that advertisers serving ads on the HighBeam site may use their own cookies.
  * **Information Collection and Opt-Out**  
The HighBeam site's registration forms ask users to enter contact information (e.g., email and postal address and phone contact numbers), general information (e.g., where you heard about us), and demographic information (e.g., intended use, occupation, or, age.) The forms also require unique identifiers (username and password) so that your identity can be verified when you access the HighBeam site. The contact information primarily is used to send users emails, alerts, and other information you have requested and other information as stated in this Privacy Policy. General information is used to improve the targeting of our marketing. The demographic information is used, among other things, to tailor your user experience at the HighBeam site, distribute and show you content that we think you might be interested in, and display site content according to your preferences.
  * **Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
This Privacy Policy is subject to modification from time to time. You may be notified: (1) in an email sent to the email address you have provided to HighBeam through the HighBeam site, or (2) HighBeam's posting of a notice for at least 30 days on this web site that the HighBeam site Privacy Policy has been changed. Should you wish to opt-out of such modifications to the Privacy Policy, you may do so by either following the applicable instructions and links on the site or email or sending an email to the HighBeam site Web Master at the email address below, making sure to include the words "opt-out" and "modification" in the subject field. 
  * **Opt-Out**  
As part of our registration process, we give you two important choices ("opt-out") about HighBeam Research special offers, newsletters, product updates, research tips and special 3rd party promotions. To simplify the process, we have automatically checked the opt-in box for you. You have the option of unchecking the boxes for the types of communications you do not want to receive from us. If you do not opt-out from receiving these communications about our site or 3rd party sites, we will send them to you. If you do not opt-out during registration, but later change your mind, you can update your privacy preferences in the My Account area of HighBeam Research or you can click on the unsubscribe link in the emails you receive from us.



If you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact:

Director of Marketing  
HighBeam™ Research, Inc.  
65 E. Wacker Place, Suite 400  
Chicago, IL 60601

##### Last Update: November 18, 2004

| 

[](https://web.archive.org/reg/reg1.asp?full=yes&ctrlInfo=Round19%3AMode19b%3Aother+privacy%3ASideB%2ESignUp)  
  
---|---
