> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the highereducationdestination.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130421081939id_/http%3A//www.highereducationdestination.com/content.php%3Fid%3D5) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Higher Education Destination - Privacy Policy

Updated September 20th, 2012  
BY ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, WHETHER YOU ARE A “VISITOR” (WHICH MEANS THAT YOU SIMPLY BROWSE THE SITE) OR YOU ARE A “REQUESTER”. THE TERM “USER” REFERS TO A VISITOR OR A REQUESTER. “YOU” REFERS TO YOU AS A VISITOR OR A REQUESTER.  
This policy describes the information collection, use, and dissemination practices of HigherEducationDestination.com, its subsidiaries and affiliates, (collectively referred herein as “SITE”) and applies to the SITE’s collection, use, storage and disclosure of information by the SITE.

You agree that by hitting the “submit”, “get your quotes” or similar button or completing a quote request, you are entering into a business relationship with SITE and its affiliated individuals or organizations and thus agree to be contacted by SITE and individuals or 3rd party clients with which it contracts.

The SITE may change any term of this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason after providing notice to you, including by posting notice of the change to the SITE or by sending you an email of the change to the Privacy Policy. If any changes to this Privacy are unacceptable to you, you must discontinue using the SITE. Notice of the changes to you coupled with your continuing use of the SITE will be evidence of your assent to the new terms of the Privacy Policy. The SITE is not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices of its Clients or other Third Party webSITEs or applications. This Privacy Policy applies exclusively to information practices related to our the SITE. Although this SITE contains links to other websites, please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those, or any other websites. If you follow a link to another website you should carefully read their privacy policy.

  1. **Personal Information Collected on this SITE.**
  2. a.  **Visitors.**  No personally-identifiable information is collected on SITE from Visitors that browse the SITE for information.
  3. b.  **Requester.**  Personally-identifiable information collected on the SITE is gathered on our “register ” webpages. These fields include name, address, phone number, email address, gender, age and other information necessary for the system to provide you with the information responsive to your request. The personal information a Requester submits to the SITE remains property of the requester, but by submitting that information to the SITE, you, as a Requester, grant the SITE, the right to use that information for the purposes disclosed below.
  4. **No Information Collected from Children.**  The SITE is a general audience SITE and is intended to be used by adults. The SITE does not knowingly solicit, collect, or attract personal information from or about children. The SITE is not intended for children and the SITE does not want to collect any personally identifiable information from Users who are under the age of 13. The safety of children is very important to the SITE, and the SITE strongly recommends that parents review this Privacy Policy and understand its terms and conditions, so that the SITE is used only by persons age 13 and over.
  5. **How We May Use Your Personal Information.**  The SITE may use a Requester’s personal information to provide the requested services, including services that display customized content and advertising. We may disclose, transfer, sell or lease a Requester’s personal information to third party businesses and to other entities affiliated with the SITE. In addition, we may join together with other businesses to bring opportunities to our Requesters. This means we may use personal information to provide promotional offers to Requesters by means of email advertising, telephone marketing, direct mail marketing, online banner advertising, and package stuffers, among other possible uses (collectively, “Promotions”). Third party businesses may include providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation. We may also use such information for content improvement and feedback purposes. The SITE may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve our technologies and services. We may also disclose personal information to the extent necessary if the SITE is sold or acquired or otherwise deemed necessary or appropriate.
  6. **Legal Proceedings.**  The SITE may disclose a Requester’s personally identifiable information pursuant to a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order, where required by law, or, at our sole discretion, where we deem necessary to protect the safety of any individual or the public or to prevent the violation of the rights of the SITE or any third party.
  7. **Email and Unsubscribe Policy.**  As explained above, the SITE uses a Requester’s  personal information for Promotions sent by email to Requesters and sent by 3rd party companies including clients of the SITE. The SITE may maintain separate email lists for different purposes. On all SITE emails, there is an unsubscribe option at the bottom of the email.



The SITE’s unsubscribe process impacts only the future delivery of electronic mailings disseminated by the SITE on its own behalf. A Requester should also note that unsubscribing from the SITE’s electronic mailings will not automatically unsubscribe the Requester’s information from any third parties businesses. Since third party businesses maintain separate databases from the SITE, a Requester will need to unsubscribe from each source individually, if desired.

  1. **Wireless Addresses.**  If the e-mail address Requester provides to the SITE is a wireless e-mail address, Requester agrees to receive messages at such address from the SITE or its business associates (unless and until Requester elects not to receive such messages by following the instructions in the unsubscribe portion of this policy). Requester understands that a Requester’s wireless carrier’s standard rates apply to these messages.
  2. **Security.**  The SITE uses industry standard security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our reasonable control Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on SITE in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee complete security. Further, while we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining this information.
  3. **Financial Information.**  We may in certain cases collect credit card numbers, bank account numbers and other related information, such as the expiration date of the credit card (“Financial Information”). This Financial Information is submitted to us, and such Financial Information is encrypted and is protected with SSL encryption software. We will use the Financial Information for purposes of processing and completing the purchase transaction, and the Financial Information will be disclosed to third parties only as necessary to complete the purchase transaction. This information will not be sold or distributed to third parties in any way.
  4. **Anonymous Information Collected on this SITE.**  We record anonymous data such as traffic logs, number of visits or clicks on a given page, pages viewed or links to our SITE. We use IP addresses and cookies for gathering SITE statistics. We also store IP addresses on our server in the event that the SITE should become corrupted and it becomes necessary to discover the cause of this corruption.



We aggregate this anonymous data as part of managing, maintaining and reporting on use of our SITE. We may share this anonymous data with third parties for the limited purpose of reporting on use of the SITE, or to comply with applicable law. We do not rent, sell or share any anonymous data collected on this SITE with third parties for marketing purposes. None of this anonymous data is linked to personally-identifiable information and we make no attempt to link IP addresses to the individuals who visit this SITE.

  * **Cookies and Other Info Collected Using Technology.**  We may use cookie technology to associate certain Internet-related information about an individual with information about the individual in our database.
  * We may use third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our SITE. These third party advertising companies use information about your visits to our SITE, to serve SITE ads to you. In the course of our advertisements being served to you, these companies may place or recognize their own unique third-party cookies on your browser.


  1. a.  **Cookies.**  Cookies are small chunks of data created by a web server, delivered through a web browser, and stored on your computer. They provide a means for SITEs that you visit to keep track of your online patterns and preferences, as well as identify you as a return visitor. Cookies make the personalization of your web experiences possible, so that you do not need to re-enter your information from scratch upon each visit to a given SITE.
  2. b.  **Usage Tracking and Log Files.**  The SITE tracks information related to the electronic mailings and web pages viewed by Requesters, as well as the hyperlinks clicked by Requesters, while viewing our emails or visiting our SITE. Log files are used to track and monitor Requester usage.
  3. c.  **IP Address.**  We collect your IP (Internet Protocol) address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer this SITE. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. Your IP address is also used to help identify you during a particular session and to gather broad demographic data


  * **Links to External Websitess.**  Our emails and SITE may contain links to external websites not owned or operated by the SITE. You will be taken to external websites if you click on these links. Your information may be passed from the SITE’s database to the external website, and/or external database, for your convenience (e.g. your information may be used to pre-fill a form at a destination website). You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such Linked websites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to such Linked websites. Consequently, the operators of Linked websites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the SITE. We encourage you to review the privacy policies on the Linked websites. THE SITE DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR THE ACTIONS OF, PRIVACY PRACTICES OF, OR INFORMATION CONTAINED ON OR COLLECTED VIA LINKED WEBSITES.


