> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the highere.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-10-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061021210558id_/http%3A//highere.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Highere.com > Privacy

Highere company considers the privacy of our guests to be of paramount importance. This policy establishes how our company will use information we gather about you from your visit to our website. No information that would uniquely identify you as an individual is ever collected by our site unless you freely choose to provide us with such information **.** Our website may employ browser cookies to enable certain website functionality, but will not utilize cookies for purposes of data collection or download any hidden code onto your computer. (Some of our affiliate sponsors or advertisers may employ cookies for purposes of tracking commissions due on sales or referrals.) We take appropriate precautions to insure that our website and computers are free of viruses, worms and other malicious code. When we initially link to another website, we manually test the link to assure that it directs our website visitor to the designated location. We periodically test links to insure that they are still functional and do not redirect visitors away from designated websites.

Websites to which we link may belong to businesses or individuals which compensate us for advertising space, companies with which we have an affiliate or other business relationship, or individuals, businesses, organizations or government agencies with which we have no affiliation whatsoever. Each website to which we link is responsible for its own content, maintenance and website privacy policies, which may be substantially different from our own. 

**h** ighere company and its management have no control over any website we link to and are in no way responsible for the content, maintenance, privacy policies, or information collection practices of any website not owned and operated by highere company. Links to other websites are provided as a convenience to our visitors; the presence of these links is not an endorsement by highere company of any content, merchandise, service or viewpoint offered by a website other than our own. Once you link to another website, you are subject to the privacy policy of that site. It is your responsibility as a _web surfer_ to investigate the website privacy policy of any website you may desire to visit or to enable features on your computer and internet browser to protect yourself from unwanted intrusion. 

While we do not collect information that can identify you as an individual except as detailed above, and do not collect information such as street address or credit card number, merchants and advertisers you link to through our site may require personal information in order to perform such activities as completing a purchase or delivering goods and services. You should always verify that you have a secure server connection before engaging in such a transaction. If you feel uncertain about providing such information over your internet connection, you should not do so. 

We reserve the right to amend our Website Privacy Policy without prior notice. Any such amendment will immediately be posted to our website as a part of this Website Privacy Policy **.**
