> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kegsteakhouse.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100625153308id_/http%3A//www.kegsteakhouse.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Keg Steakhouse & Bar | Privacy Policy

Protecting your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and disclose the personal information you may provide while using The Keg website (the "Website"). It is always your choice whether or not to provide personal information through the Website. Any personal information you provide will be treated with care, and subject to this Privacy Policy will not be used or disclosed in ways to which you have not consented. 

* **Acceptance of Privacy Policy**  
Privacy Policy. Your access to and use of this Website is subject to the Website's Terms of Use, of which this Privacy Policy forms a part, and all applicable laws. Each of those provisions applies to any disputes that may arise in relation to this Privacy Policy or our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, and are of the same force and effect as if they had been reproduced directly in this Privacy Policy. By accessing and using this Website, you consent to the collection and use of information by us pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. We may in our absolute discretion at any time and without any notice to you or any other person revise the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy by posting an amended Privacy Policy on this Website. You should therefore periodically review this Privacy Policy and we recommend that you also print a copy of this Privacy Policy for your records. If this Privacy Policy is revised and you continue to access and use this Website, you will be deemed to have agreed to the then current Privacy Policy. 

* **What Information is Collected?**  
Non-Identifiable Information. We are sensitive to your privacy concerns. As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from you other than certain non-personal information which is recorded by the standard operation of our Internet servers such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer, the IP address of your Internet Service Provider, the date and time you access the Website, the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Website, the operating system you are using, the sections of the Website you visit, the Website pages read and images viewed, and any content you post to or download from the Website. This non-identifiable information is used for Website and system administration purposes and to improve the Website. 

* **Cookies**  
When you view this Website, we store some information on your computer. This information will be stored in a "Cookie," which is a file created on your computer's hard drive, and will help us in many ways. For example, Cookies allow us to tailor the Website to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block the creation of Cookies, or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored, although doing so may affect your use of the Website and your ability to access certain features of the Website. Please refer to your browser instructions or the help section of your browser to learn more about these functions. Advertisements displayed on the Website may also contain Cookies or other technologies. 

* **Tracking Information**  
We may use non-personal information to create aggregate tracking information reports regarding Website traffic patterns and uses, and then provide those reports to advertisers and others. None of the tracking information in the reports can be connected to the identities or other personal information of individual users. We also may link tracking information with personal information voluntarily provided by Website users. Once such a link is made, all of the linked information is treated as personal information and will be used and disclosed only in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

* **Personal Information You Specifically Provide**  
Your Personal Information. Your e-mail address and other personally identifiable information such as first and last name, postal address and telephone number are known to us only when you voluntarily submit such information via registration for sweepstakes or contests, submission or suggestions for contents, on-line surveys or participation in any other available on-line interactive activities. You can choose not to provide such information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We also collect personal payment option and related information from you when you complete and submit the online gift card order form. 

* **Use of Your Personal Information**  
We may use your personal information to contact and correspond with you, to respond to your communications, to facilitate and enhance your use of the Website and as otherwise required or permitted by law. We also use the information you submit via the online gift card order form to service your purchase request. We may develop a confidential user profile for you, which will be used to facilitate your use of the Website. Additionally, we may keep a record of all communications with you. 

* **Emails from The Keg**  
If you provide your email address, then we may send you, from time to time, email or other communications containing information about The Keg and the Website and other matters we believe will interest you. At any time you may ask us to stop sending you email and other information by contacting [karynb@kegrestaurants.com](mailto:karynb@kegrestaurants.com). From time to time we may also send to you email containing important information regarding the Website, which you may not opt out of receiving. 

* **Disclosure of Your Personal Information**  
Generally, we do not sell, transfer or otherwise disclose personal information, however, we may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances: 

  * Disclosure to Affiliates and Others. We may share personal information within The Keg group of companies. This group includes The Keg Royalties Income Fund, The Keg Rights Limited Partnership, Keg GP Ltd., our franchisees, our subsidiaries and our affiliates. All recipients of this information will be asked to comply with this Privacy Policy. In addition, other companies may be engaged by us to perform a variety of functions such as fulfilling orders, assisting with promotions, providing technical services for the Website, etc. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions. However, theses companies may only use such personal information for the purpose of performing this function and may not use it for any other purpose. 
  * Disclosure of Business Transfers. We may be involved in the sale or transfer of some or all of our businesses. As part of that sale or transfer, we may disclose your personal information to the acquiring organization, but will require the acquiring organization to agree to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If at any time, you do not wish us to disclose your personal information as part of the sale or transfer of some or all of our businesses, please notify us at [karynb@kegrestaurants.com](mailto:karynb@kegrestaurants.com). 
  * Law Enforcement and Legal Disclosure. We may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information or where we have reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information, or to our legal counsel, or to protect our respective rights and property. 


* **Information Use, Sharing and Disclosure**  
Use of Information. We use the information collected by our Internet servers to conduct internal reviews of the number of visitors to the Website but only in an aggregate and non-personally identifiable form. This information may be used for any of the following purposes: (1) to help us understand better visitors' use of our Website; (2) to fulfill prizes; (3) to respond to specific requests from our visitors; (4) to provide visitors from time to time with information about products and services offered by The Keg; (5) to obtain parental consent from visitors under 19 years of age, where necessary; (6) to provide any necessary notices to our visitors or their parent or guardians, where necessary; and (7) to protect the security or integrity of our Website when necessary. 

* **Choice/Opt-out**  
Opt-out. We may from time to time send you e-mail or other communications regarding current promotions, specials and new additions to the Website. You may "opt-out," or unsubscribe from our email list by sending an e-mail to [karynb@kegrestaurants.com](mailto:karynb@kegrestaurants.com) . After doing so, you will not receive future promotional, product or services communication or mailings from us unless you re-subscribe to our email list or enter a contest or sweepstake. 

* **Special Note for Parents**  
Personal Information of Children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 19. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information on a child under the age of 19, we will delete that information from our systems. If you are under 19 years of age, do not submit or post any information on our Website. 

* **Other Matters**  
Third Party Websites. We do not control third party websites. When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third party websites, you will be subject to the privacy policy of those third party websites and your use of these websites and their products and services is at your own risk. We have no responsibility or liability for or control over those websites or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. 

* **Location of Information**  
We will store and process your personal information in British Columbia, Canada. 

* **Securing Your Information**  
To help protect the confidentiality of your personal information, we employ security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Nevertheless, given the nature of the Internet, security and privacy risks cannot be eliminated and you should be aware of this before you send us an email message or other communication through the Website. 

* **Accessing Your Personal Information**  
You may request access to your personal information and information about our collection, use and disclosure of that information by contacting Neil Maclean at [neilm@kegrestaurants.com](mailto:neilm@kegrestaurants.com). Subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information within a reasonable time, and will be entitled to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and to have it amended as appropriate. We attempt to keep our records as accurate and complete as possible. You can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any changes to your personal information. 

* **Former Users**  
If you stop using the Website or your permission to use the Website is terminated, we may continue to use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy as amended from time to time. However, if you want us to stop sending you unsolicited email and other information, or you wish us to delete your personal information from our database, please notify us at [karynb@kegrestaurants.com](mailto:karynb@kegrestaurants.com). If you have questions regarding the Privacy Policy, please contact Neil Maclean at [neilm@kegrestaurants.com](mailto:neilm@kegrestaurants.com). 
