> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the raventools.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181226023834id_/https%3A//raventools.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for Raven Tools

* * *

**May 25, 2018**

At Raven we recognize that privacy is important. This Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by Raven Internet Marketing Tools or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies (collectively, Raven’s “services”). In addition, where more detailed information is needed to explain our privacy practices, we post separate privacy notices to describe how particular services process personal information. By using the Raven websites, products, services, mobile apps (“app(s)”), and applications (collectively, “Services”), you agree to the Raven Privacy Policy

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES

## Information we collect and how we use it:

We offer a number of services that do not require you to register for an account or provide any Personal Information to us, such as Raven Search. “Personal Information” is information that can be used to identify, locate, or contact an individual. It also includes other information that may be associated with Personal Information. “Non-Personal Information” is information that, alone, cannot be used to identify or contact you. Such Non-Personal Information may include, for example, gender, birthdate, or zip code. You may be asked to submit Non-Personal Information with Personal information, or separately.   
In order to provide our full range of services, we may collect the following types of information:

  * Information you provide – When you sign up for a Raven Account or other Raven service or promotion that requires registration, we ask you for Personal Information (such as your name, email address and an account password). For certain services we also request credit card or other payment account information, which we maintain in encrypted form on secure servers. We may combine the information you submit under your account with information from other Raven services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services. For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information. If you use a social media platform or your mobile device (or other method of communication) to interact with Raven, the communication method or application may have a specific privacy policy that governs the use of Personal Information. 
  * Raven cookies and related technologies – When you visit Raven, we collect certain information by automated or electronic means, using technologies such as cookies, pixel tags and web beacons, browser analysis tools, and web server logs. We use cookies and related technology to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking user trends. You may set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our Services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, some Raven features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
  * User communications – When you send email or other communication to Raven, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
  * Log information – When you use Raven services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. 
  * Affiliated sites – We offer some of our services in connection with other web sites. Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to Raven in order to deliver the service. We process such information in accordance with this Policy. The affiliated sites may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies. 
  * Links – Raven may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our search technology, customized content and advertising. For more information about links and redirected URLs, please see our FAQs.
  * Other sites – This Privacy Policy applies to web sites and services that are owned and operated by Raven. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.



Raven only processes Personal and Non-Personal information for the purposes described in the applicable Privacy Policy and/or privacy notice for specific services. In addition to the above, such purposes include:

  * Providing our products and services to users, including the display of customized content and advertising;
  * Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services;
  * Ensuring the technical functioning of our network;
  * Developing new services.
  * Facilitate orders for products or services;
  * Evaluate eligibility of customers for certain offers, products, or services;
  * Track redemption of products or services and perform other analytics;
  * Provide customer support, including support to our merchants or business partners;
  * Fulfill requests for Raven products or services;
  * Communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you about Raven Tools, our merchants, and our business partners, such as news, special offers and coupons, announcements, and marketing materials;
  * Send you reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support, and administrative messages, service bulletins, or marketing materials;
  * Manage our everyday business needs, such as website administration, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, compliance with the law, or enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations, terms, and conditions; and
  * Aggregate anonymous data from our services, used to benchmark, to improve the Services, and to provide data analysis.



You can find more information about how we process Personal and Non-Personal information by referring to the privacy notices for particular services.

Raven processes Personal Information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries. In some cases, we process Personal Information on a server outside your own country. We may process Personal Information to provide our own services. In some cases, we may process Personal Information on behalf of and according to the instructions of a third party, such as our advertising partners. 

## Choices for personal information

When you sign up for a particular service that requires registration, we ask you to provide personal information. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.

If we propose to use personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific service notices, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of the use of personal information for those other purposes. We will not collect or use sensitive information for purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific service notices, unless we have obtained your prior consent.

You can decline to submit personal information to any of our services, in which case Raven may not be able to provide those services to you. 

## Information sharing

Raven will not disclose your Personal Information to third parties except to our service providers. We do NOT share, sell, rent, or trade Personal Information with third parties for their own promotional purposes. Raven shares your Personal Information in the following limited circumstances: 

  * We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any Personal Information. 
  * We provide such information to third party service providers for the purpose of processing Personal Information on our behalf. Our service providers are bound by law or contract to protect the Personal Information and are only allowed to use the Personal Information in accordance with the terms of our service agreements with them. 
  * We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of Raven, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.



If Raven becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

Raven may aggregate information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information does not identify you. Our use and disclosure of anonymous, aggregated information, and other Non-Personal Information, is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy, and we may disclose it to others without limitation for any legal purpose.

Please contact us at the address below for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data.

## Information security

We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.

We restrict access to Personal Information to Raven employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.

## Data integrity

Raven processes Personal Information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the Personal Information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their Personal Information whenever necessary. 

## Accessing and updating personal information

When you use Raven services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your Personal Information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. Please contact us at the address below to request access or correction of your Personal Information. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Some of our services have different procedures to access, correct or delete users’ personal information. We provide the details for these procedures in the specific privacy notices or FAQs for these services. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and to maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 

Data Transfers from the EU and Switzerland to the United States Raven complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss–U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. Raven has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, please visit: https://www.privacyshield.gov/ and to view our EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Certification – click here. Raven is responsible for the processing of Personal Information it receives under the Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Swiss, including the onward transfer liability provisions. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. EU and Swiss individuals have the right to access, correct, transfer, erase, restrict collection, retention, and transfer of their personal data. Raven retains personal data for as long as it is necessary and relevant to the purpose of processing. In addition to the rights provided in this Privacy Policy, please note the following: Because Raven personnel have limited ability to access data that our customers submit to our Services, if you wish to request access, to limit use, or to limit disclosure, please provide the name of the Raven customer who submitted your data to our Services. We will refer your request to that customer, and will support them as needed in responding to your request. If you have any questions or concerns, we encourage you to write to us as indicated below. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Information in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles. If an issue cannot be resolved through our internal dispute resolution mechanism, individuals may contact or submit a complaint, at no cost, to the JAMS EU-U.S. or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Program, which is based in the United States and which serves as our third-party alternative dispute resolution provider. We will cooperate with JAMS pursuant to the JAMS International Mediation Rules, which are accessible on the JAMS website at http://www.jamsadr.com. For residual complaints not fully or partially resolved by other means, you may be able to invoke binding arbitration as detailed in the Privacy Shield Principles. Children If you are under 18, or the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may only use the Services with the consent of your parent or legal guardian. The Services are not intended for or targeted at children under 13, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 13. If you believe that we have collected information about a child under 13, please contact us at the address below, so that we may delete the information. Changes to this policy Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Policy changes). Each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date, and we will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review. Your continued use of the Services signifies your acceptance of our Privacy Policy as modified. Enforcement Raven regularly reviews its compliance with this Policy. When we receive formal written complaints at the address below, it is Raven’s policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between Raven and an individual. Contact Info If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, please feel free to contact us any time through this web site or at Privacy Matters, c/o Raven Internet Marketing Tools, 10 Cannery Row, Suite 201, Nashville, TN 37203, USA. Please allow at least 30 days for a response. 
