> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the weusecoins.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180630142340id_/https%3A//www.weusecoins.com/en/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - We Use Coins

## Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights

_Effective as of 1 April 2015_

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Hesiod Services LLC is doing business in Saint Kitts and Nevis (“Company”) collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of its www.weusecoins.com website and any derivative or affiliated websites or applications on which this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the “Website”). Company reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time by posting such changes to this page. You understand that you have the affirmative obligation to check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes, and you hereby agree to periodically review this Privacy Policy for such changes. The continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes an acceptance of those changes. 

### _Privacy_

Company believes that every User should know how it utilizes the information collected from Users. The Website is not directed at children under [13] years of age, and Company does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under [13] years of age online. Please note that the Website may contain links to other websites. These linked sites may not be operated or controlled by Company. Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of these or any other websites, and you access these websites entirely at your own risk. Company recommends that you review the privacy practices of any other websites that you choose to visit.

Company is based, and this website is hosted, in the United States of America. If User is from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law and User is registering an account on the Website, visiting the Website, purchasing products or services from Company or the Website, or otherwise using the Website, please note that any personally identifiable information that User provides to Company will be transferred to the United States. Any such personally identifiable information provided will be processed and stored in the United States by Company or a service provider acting on its behalf. By providing your personally identifiable information, User hereby specifically and expressly consents to such transfer and processing and the uses and disclosures set forth herein. 

### _The Information Company Collects_

Company may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways. Personally identifiable information may include, without limitation, (i) contact data (such as a User’s name, mailing and e-mail addresses); (ii) demographic data (such as a User’s zip code, age and income); (iii) financial information collected to process purchases made from Company via the Website or otherwise (such as credit card, debit card or other payment information); and (iv) other information requested during the account registration process. If a User communicates with Company by e-mail or otherwise, posts User Content (as defined in the Website Terms of Use) to the Website, posts messages to any forums, completes online forms, surveys or entries, or otherwise interacts with or uses the programs, services, or features on the Website, any information provided in such communications may be collected by Company. Company may also collect information about how Users use the Website, for example, by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the Website, or the domains and IP addresses from which Users originate. While not all of the information that Company collects from Users is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Users provide Company through the Website or otherwise. 

Company may use “cookies” or “web beacons” to track how Users use the Website. A cookie is a piece of software that a web server can store on Users’ PCs and use to identify Users should they visit the Website again. Users may adjust their web browser software if they do not wish to accept cookies. Company may use third party advertising networks to serve advertisements on the Website. The cookies received with banner advertisements served by these networks may be used to collect and build anonymous behavioral profiles by these companies to deliver targeted advertisements and tracking referrals, and Company generally does not have access to this information.

### _How Company Uses Information_

_Anonymous General Information and Performance Data_. Company uses general information and performance data that has been de-coupled from any personal information for a broad range of purposes. For example: (a) we may use de-personalized performance data to help assess the effectiveness of various training materials and may use the results of these assessments to improve those training materials; (b) we may use de-personalized general data to determine characteristics of visitors to our site, which characteristics may be used to improve our site and services or to better market our services; and (c) we may provide any of this data to unaffiliated third parties for the same or similar uses (e.g., we may provide de-personalized performance data to unaffiliated third parties, such as research institutions, universities, hospitals, physicians or clinicians, who may use that data for research and other purposes).

_Personal Data_. Company uses personal information we collect to provide you with information, products or services you order or subscribe to. Where the information, product or service is one that is offered on our site but provided by a third party, we will provide your personal information to that third party solely for the purpose of providing you the information, product or service that you ordered. Unless you authorize us to, as further discussed below, the third party will be instructed not to use your information for the purpose of offering you any other information, product or service.

We may also use personal information that is coupled with general information and performance data to improve your experience on our site by providing you with information that is relevant to you. Company may also use personal information we collect (including any corresponding general information and performance data) to provide you information about other information, products or services offered by Company. If you do not wish to receive these kinds of communications, you can opt out.

Company will not provide personal information we collect (excluding associated general data and performance data) to third parties, including our affiliates and including unaffiliated third party business partners, to enable them to provide you information about their information, products or services.

Note, Company may provide any of the above information to our service providers, but our service providers will be instructed not to use the information for their own benefit, they may only use the information as necessary to provide services to Company.

We may use your personal information (excluding patient name, but including demographic information) for the purposes of aggregating that information and providing data for medical research. 

Finally, some of Company’s business partners, including advertisers, use cookies on the site, but Company has no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by Company only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

### _Disclosure of Information_

Company may disclose personally identifiable information collected from Users to its parent, subsidiary and other related companies, trusted affiliates, independent contractors, and business partners who will use the information for the purposes outlined above, as necessary to provide the services offered by Company and to provide the Website itself, and for the specific purposes for which the information was collected. Company may disclose personally identifiable information at the request of law enforcement or governmental agencies or in response to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process, to establish, protect or exercise Company’s legal or other rights or to defend against a legal claim or as otherwise required or allowed by law. Company may disclose personally identifiable information in order to protect the rights, property or safety of a User or any other person. Company may disclose personally identifiable information to investigate or prevent a violation by User of any contractual or other relationship with Company or the perpetration of any illegal or harmful activity. Company may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from Users to investors and potential partners. Finally, Company may disclose or transfer personally identifiable information collected from Users in connection with or in contemplation of a sale of its assets or business or a merger, consolidation or other reorganization of its business. 

Company may choose to disclose nonpublic personal information about a User to third parties for compensation.

### _Personal Information Provided as Part of User Content_

If a User includes such User’s personally identifiable information as part of the User Content that such User posts to the Website, such information may be made available to any parties using the Website and/or such User Content. Company does not edit or otherwise remove such information from User Content before it is posted on the Website. If a User does not wish to have such User’s personally identifiable information made available in this manner, such User must remove any such information from the User Content before posting. User contact information (which may include, without limitation, a User’s username and email address) may be included with any User Content that a User posts via the Website. Company is not liable for any damages caused or incurred due to personally identifiable information made available in the foregoing manners.

### _Security of Information_

Information about Users that is maintained on Company’ systems is protected using industry standard security measures. However, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and Company cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on or transmitted from its systems will be completely secure. Company is not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures relating to the Site by any Users or third parties. 

### _Correcting, Updating, Accessing or Removing Personal Information_

If a User’s personally identifiable information changes, or if a User no longer desires to receive non-account specific information from Company, Company will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update and/or remove that User’s previously-provided personal data. This can be done via the Website or by contacting the Company. Additionally, you may request access to the personally identifiable information as collected by Company by sending a request to Company as set forth above. Please note that in certain circumstances, Company may not be able to completely remove a User’s information from its systems. For example, Company may retain a User’s personal information for legitimate business purposes, if it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, for account recovery purposes, if required by law or as retained in Company’s data backup systems or cached or archived pages. All retained personally identifiable information will continue to be subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy to which the User has previously agreed.

### _Contacting Company_

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact the Company.
