> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bayasoft.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170609085923id_/http%3A//www.jibunu.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Jibunu - Marketing and Research Technology Solutions

  * You should refer to both Jibunu’s privacy policy and the research company and/or sample provider conducting the research to fully understand how your data is used.
  * Jibunu collects data on behalf of our Clients. 
  * Jibunu does not sell or rent your data. Jibunu will only share data with third parties when absolutely necessary to complete our obligations for the research project. Third parties are under the same obligations of protecting your data and not using data for any other purpose than the initial intent of the research project.
  * Jibunu collects data you actively provide through the research tool and data you passively provide while using the tool such as cookies and IP address.
  * All data is collected and reported securely via https (the secure version of HTTP). Access to data is protected by an authentication process. Any information that is transmitted or backed up is encrypted and all connections to the data are encrypted.
  * You can opt out of the research project at any time and you can update your personal information at any time by emailing [support@jibunu.com](mailto:support@jibunu.com).



Jibunu programs research tools such as online surveys and interview tools for market researchers. The data gathered from these tools is collected on behalf of our clients. Jibunu is committed to protecting the privacy of all information gathered, especially any and all personal information of research participants using these tools. Jibunu is also committed to protecting the personal information of any person using Jibunu’s website and reporting tools. This policy applies to all client and respondent personal information that we collect or use in the course of conducting our business. 

Research participants should also refer to the privacy policy of the research company or sample provider that invited you to participate in the research to fully understand how your data is used. 

We treat all information we receive from clients as confidential and do not use the information for any purpose other than to fulfill our obligations to those clients. We keep client information secure at all times, and have strict policies against the use and disclosure of it by our employees or any third parties.

We collect data on behalf of our research clients for research purposes only, and our use of that information will be limited to that purpose. 

Jibunu will not rent, sell or share any information to any third party for the purpose of directly marketing any products or services. In some cases we may need to share information gathered with third parties that provide research services in support of the research project. An example of this may include things like having a translator translate open end comments into English. Any third party that receives personal information is obligated to follow all of the same privacy protection regulations as followed by Jibunu and the research company. 

Information is typically used and analyzed in aggregate, meaning that the data is combined together and analyzed as a whole to look for trends, impact, and general preferences.

Under certain circumstances permitted or required by law (for example, in connection with law enforcement investigations), we may be required to disclose client data or personal information without giving notice.

Personal information may be collected via two methods. The first method is actively through questions in the survey or research tool. The information gathered will depend on the needs of the researcher and research project. Information collected may include items such as your name, phone number, address, gender, ethnicity, income or other demographic data. Depending on the nature of the research these questions may also include items related to your health, lifestyle, personal preferences or other items. 

The second method is a passive collection that happens automatically through the system tools. Information gathered in this manner will include items regarding the device being used to access the online tools such as cookies, IP address, browser, browser version, operating system (Mac/PC/Windows), and referring pages.

Certain information about Client, Surveys, Respondents or Respondents’ participation in a Survey that is derived, collected or generated by TrueSample for use by the TrueSample Technology may be collected and stored. Respondent Metadata specifically excludes the content of any Survey, the content of the responses to questions in any Survey (other than the SurveyScore rating question) and any personally identifiable information. Please review the TrueSample Privacy Policy at http://truesample.com/website-privacy-policy/ for more information.

When collecting information on children under the age of 13, the research company is responsible for requesting consent from the parent or guardian of the child. This is usually, but not always, handled through question(s) in the survey. Jibunu will not actively request or collect information on or from a child under the age of 13 without consent. 

As a research participant you have the right to opt out of participating in any survey at any time. You can also opt out of receiving email notifications from the sender of the email. 

If Jibunu deployed the email notification on behalf of the researcher, you may choose to opt out of email notifications by clicking on the opt out link in the email. If you do this, Jibunu will add you to the opt out list and you will not receive any further communication from Jibunu for that study. This will not opt you out of all email notifications from that researcher or sample provider, or from Jibunu on behalf of other researchers. In order to opt out of all notifications from those companies, you must contact each company directly.

You have the right to remove or change any of your personal information. To make changes to any personal information that Jibunu has collected, email us at support@jibunu.com and we will assist you to the best of our ability as quickly as possible. In most cases, Jibunu only associates data with a unique identifier without any other access or link to other personal information that the researcher may have. In such cases, we will send your request to the researcher and or sample provider.

We maintain all necessary physical, electronic and procedural security measures to help safeguard data and personal information. Any information that is transmitted or backed up is encrypted and all connections to the data are encrypted. In addition, any interactions with the data require an authentication to gain access. Third parties that provide us with support or services are required to similarly protect personal information from unauthorized access.

Data is kept for at least three years, or upon the agreed upon destruction date with the client. After that time, all data will be slated for destruction. Any data backups stored by Jibunu are encrypted prior to storage. Jibunu’s clients may have different policies for how they retain data. Please refer to the researcher for more information on their policy.

**Cookies**

Cookies are a small piece of data that is stored in your browser by the website to be used later. Jibunu may store session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are removed after each visit to the website. The persistent cookies remain on the hard drive. If cookies are used, they are used to enhance your experience with the site, to provide a seamless transition between sections of the site or survey tool. 

**IP Address**

An Internet Protocol or IP address is a string of numbers that identifies a device, such as a desktop or laptop computer, on a network. It does not provide specific information about you, however it may be used to identify your location or to help confirm data integrity.

**Referring Pages**

This is the URL of the website that you came to the survey or website from. This data is only used if needed to resolve any problems with the survey tool. 

**Do Not Track "DNT" Signals**

DNT is a setting in a web browser requesting that the site not track your actions while on the site. Jibunu does not currently recognize "Do Not Track" signals or other similar mechanisms from browsers. Jibunu may track data such as page visits or click patterns. 

On the Jibunu webiste, Jibunu tracks things like the pages you visit, the links you click on, and how long you may stay on a particular page. If you provide your name and email address for additional information or a quote, Jibunu will securely store this information. Jibunu will not share or sell your information. This information is catured via the Instapage tools and you can review their privacy policy here: https://instapage.com/privacy-policy

If you provide your name and email, we may send Jibunu-related news, offers, or promotions. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, please unsubscribe using the instructions at the bottom of the email.

Jibunu will review and update this privacy policy regularly and we may make changes without further notice. The Updated date appearing at the top of the page will indicate when any portion of this policy has been updated. Please check back regularly.
