> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lavasoft.de privacy policy that was archived on 2008-10-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081006134323id_/http%3A//www.lavasoft.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Lavasoft

_Lavasoft AB respects the privacy of all its users and is committed to protecting such privacy in accordance with this Privacy Policy._

This Privacy Policy explains Lavasoft AB's treatment of your personally identifiable information collected in connection with your activities on Lavasoft's website. Please also review our Terms of Use for the Lavasoft website.

##### 1\. Data Collection

Lavasoft AB will not collect or use any personally identifying information about the visitors to the website; your visit to the website is anonymous. The only exception is when we need information that personally identifies you in order to fulfill a contractual obligation towards you pursuant to what is set forth in section 2 below.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

##### 2\. Contractual Obligation 

If you make a purchase from the website, you will be asked to provide your name, billing address, e-mail and credit card information (if you have chosen credit card as payment method). Lavasoft AB will use such information only for processing your order and to send important product specific information such as a receipt, invoice, or license key.

The information you provide will not be used for any other commercial purposes and will not be sold, rented, leased or otherwise forwarded to any third party with the exception of our subcontractor Element 5, who will process your orders and distribute the goods or services that you have requested.

##### 3\. Cookies

To enhance your experience with our site, some of our web pages use "cookies".

Cookies are small text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, by registering at our site. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.

We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our site. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g. to recognize you by name when you return to our site). We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs, or services.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

##### 4\. Links to Other Sites 

The website may contain links to other websites. Lavasoft AB does not monitor or control the content of such websites or whether such websites collect or process your personal data. Accordingly, Lavasoft AB assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever for any kind of material available at such sites and recommends that you review the separate privacy policies of such sites.

##### 5\. Information Sharing

We do not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to other companies or individuals, unless we have your consent. We may share such information in any of the following limited circumstances: 

  * We have your consent. 
  * We provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf. When this is done, it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. 



We may share aggregated information with others. Examples of this include the number of users who downloaded a specific product or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. 

##### 6\. Changes to This Policy 

Lavasoft AB may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. Any changes will be posted here on the site, so we encourage you to continuously review our Privacy Policy.

##### 7\. Contact Information 

For questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please e-mail Lavasoft AB at [web@lavasoft.com](mailto:web@lavasoft.com).
