> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the orzzzz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171202201033id_/http%3A//orzzzz.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Orzzzz - Trending news and hot topics of now.

This privacy policy sets out how Orzzzz uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. Orzzzz is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.

We receive information about you from various sources, including: (i) if you login for the Site and the Services through your social platform account; (ii) your use of the Services generally; and (iii) from third party websites and services. When you use the Services, you are consenting to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?  
This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information"), and other information described in this policy, gathered when you are using or accessing the Services. This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of any Personal Information that our business partners share with us or that we share with our business partners.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites, services and applications, such as Facebook ("Third Party Services") that you elect to access through the Service or to individuals that we do not manage or employ. While we attempt to facilitate access only to those Third Party Services that share our respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of those Third Party Services. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Services you access.

What Information Do We Collect?  
The information we gather enables us to personalize, improve and continue to operate the Services. In connection with certain aspects of the Services, we may request, collect, use, share, and/or display some of your Personal Information. We collect the following types of information from our users.

Account Information:  
If you access the Services through Facebook credentials, we may automatically collect certain information, such as your name, picture, and email address. We will use all information available through Facebook in accordance with Facebook's policies.   
User Content:  
Some features of the Services allow you to provide content to the Services, such as written comments. All content submitted by you to the Services may be retained by us indefinitely, even after you terminate your account. We may continue to disclose such content to third parties, as described in this Privacy Policy.  
IP Address Information and Other Information Collected Automatically:  
We automatically receive and record information from your device or web browser when you interact with the Services, including your IP address and cookie information. This information is used for fighting spam/malware and also to facilitate collection of data concerning your interaction with the Services (e.g., what links you have clicked on).  
Generally, the Services automatically collect usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to the Site or mobile application. We may use this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure. This type of aggregate data enables us and third parties authorized by us to figure out how often individuals use parts of the Services so that we can analyze and improve them.  
When you visit the Site, we may also collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. Because there is not yet a consensus on how companies should respond to web browser-based or other do-not-track ("DNT") mechanisms, we do not respond to web browser-based DNT signals at this time.  
Location Data:  
Some of our Services, such as mobile applications, may collect geo-location data to provide location-related functionality. We may link location data to other information we have collected about you. You may stop sharing your location data by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings. For instruction on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer. Information Collected Using Cookies:  
Cookies are pieces of text that may be provided to your computer through your web browser when you access a website. Your browser stores cookies in a manner associated with each website you visit. We use cookies to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you visit the Site and otherwise use the Services through the Internet.  
We may use cookies to identify that your web browser has accessed aspects of the Services and may associate that information with your Account if you have one.  
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. We strongly recommend that you leave cookies active, because they enable you to take advantage the most attractive features of the Services.  
This Privacy Policy covers our use of cookies only and does not cover the use of cookies by third parties. We do not control when or how third parties place cookies on your computer. For example, third party websites to which a link points may set cookies on your computer.  
Information Related to Advertising and the Use of Web Beacons:  
To support and enhance the Services, we may serve advertisements, and also allow third parties advertisements, through the Services. These advertisements are sometimes targeted and served to particular users and may come from third party companies called "ad networks." Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms. We may engage with ad networks that are members or organizations or programs that manage the advertising privacy choices these ad networks offer consumers. To learn more about and adjust your preferences, please click here When you visit our Site or use our mobile applications or other Services, ad networks and other parties may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these ad networks and other parties.  
Advertisements served through the Services may be targeted to users who fit a certain general profile category may be inferred from information provided to us by a user, may be based on the Services usage patterns of particular users, or may be based on your activity on Third Party Services. We do not provide Personal Information to any ad networks for use other than in connection with the Services.  
To increase the effectiveness of ad delivery, we may deliver a file (known as a "web beacon") from an ad network to you through the Services. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network's servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.  
Aggregate Information:  
We collect statistical information about how both unregistered and registered users, collectively, use the Services ("Aggregate Information"). Some of this information is derived from Personal Information. 

Make sure you have also read the Terms of service. Thank you. 
