> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rightside.co privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625072317id_/http%3A//rightside.co/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Rightside Privacy Policy

THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (“Policy”), GOVERNS THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU WHEN YOU ACCESS THIS WEBSITE (the “SITE”). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, DO NOT USE THE SITE.

THIS POLICY IS PART OF AND INCORPORATED INTO THE SITE [TERMS OF USE](https://web.archive.org/terms/ "Terms and Conditions") (the “Terms”). BY PROVIDING PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OTHER INFORMATION TO US OR BY USING OUR SITE, YOU AGREE TO THIS POLICY AND THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THE POLICY.

1\. INFORMATION YOU GIVE US We collect any information you enter on the Site or give us in any other way (such as through an email, survey, or letter). The information that we collect varies depending upon how you use our Site.

2\. AUTOMATIC INFORMATION COLLECTION  
A. Cookies. Like many websites, we use “cookies. “Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. We use persistent, identifying cookies to remember your information and to link your activities to you. While you can take steps to warn off, block or disable cookies, if you do, the Site may not function and appear as we have designed it. Nonetheless, if you want to take these steps, you can do so by following the instructions associated with your browser. Our cookies collect information such as:  
B. the domain name and host from which you access the Internet and the Internet address of the site from which you direct-linked to ours;  
C. the date and time you access the Site and pages you visit;  
D. your computer’s IP address and information about its operating system, platform and the Web browser type and version you use;  
E. demographic and other non-personally identifiable profile information about you; and information to combat fraud or misuse.  
F. Pixel Tags. If we email you, our emails may use “pixel tags” to determine if your email software or site can display html-formatted email (this helps us optimize the size of our email messages and conserve bandwidth).  
G. Collection of Information by Third Parties. We use a number of third-party widgets / applications as part of our website. These have various functions from monitoring user activity data to linking to a map of our Dublin office location. Each of the suppliers of these widgets may set cookies to track the use of their widgets and provide the best user experience associated with the widgets’ functionality. The information collected by third party cookies is subject to the privacy policy of the third party, not this Policy.

3\. OUR USE AND RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION  
A. Use of Personal Information. We use personal information that you submit to us for such purposes as responding to your requests; monitoring and providing the Site; enforcing our rights and the rights of third parties, and investigating and ensuring compliance with the [Terms](https://web.archive.org/terms/ "Terms and Conditions").  
B. Use of Other Information. We use other information about our users for purposes such as measuring the number of visitors to sections of our Site, making the Site more useful to visitors and delivering targeted advertising and non-advertising content. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate, non-personally identifiable use.  
C. Retention of Information. We retain information for as long as required, allowed or we believe it useful, but do not undertake retention obligations. We may dispose of information in our discretion without notice, subject to applicable law that specifically requires the handling or retention of information.

4\. OUR SHARING OF INFORMATION We share information with third parties, but only as described in this Section 4.  
A. Advertisers and Others. We share non-personally identifiable information with advertisers, site providers, and other persons with whom we conduct business. Conversely, these advertisers, site providers, and other persons may share with us information about you that they have independently developed or acquired.  
B. Site Third Parties. We contract with affiliated and non-affiliated third parties to provide sites to us or to you on our behalf. Examples include providing marketing assistance and analyzing data. These third parties have access to personal information needed to perform their functions.  
C. Business Transfer. As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or their assets, or engage in acquisitions, mergers, restructurings, changes of control, or similar transactions. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, customer information may be transferred to a bankruptcy trustee or debtor in possession and then to a subsequent purchaser.  
D. Affiliates. We may share user information with our corporate affiliates. Corporate affiliates are those entities that we control, are controlled by us, or are under common control with us and any joint venture in which any of the controlled entities may participate from time to time. Conversely, we may obtain information about you from our corporate affiliates or from your visits to other web sites that we or our corporate affiliates control.  
E. Compliance and Safety. We may release user information when we believe release is appropriate to:  
i. comply with applicable law, and to respond to legal process, including subpoenas, search warrants and court orders, and to respond to or otherwise address written complaints of copyright infringement;  
ii. make disclosures under programs intended to prevent potential crimes or investigate persons;  
iii. enforce or apply agreements, including the [Terms](https://web.archive.org/terms/ "Terms and Conditions"); or  
iv. protect the rights, property, or safety of the Site, our users, or others, including exchanging information with other companies for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

5\. INFORMATION SECURITY  
A. Your Obligations. You must protect against unauthorized access to your personal information and to your computer. YOU MUST DO WHAT YOU REASONABLY CAN TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.  
B. Our Security Measures. We have physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help safeguard, prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use your information. HOWEVER, WE DO NOT GUARANTEE SECURITY. Neither people nor security systems are foolproof, including encryption systems.

6\. LINKS The Site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of every web site that collects your personally identifiable information. This Policy applies only to information collected by the Site.

7\. CHOICE If you have sent us your email or other contact information, we reserve the right to send you customary business communications.

8\. CONDITIONS OF USE, NOTICES, AND REVISIONS  
A. Privacy Concerns. Your use of the Site and any dispute over privacy is subject to the Terms. If you have any concern about privacy at Rightside Operating Co., please send us a thorough description to [legal@rightside.co](mailto:legal@rightside.co), and we will try to resolve it. If you think we are in default of the Terms, you may contact us at Our Legal Notices Address in Section 9 below.  
B. Notice Required by Law. In those jurisdictions that permit email notice, if we are required to disclose or provide notice of invasion of certain security systems, we will do so by email to the most current email address provided by you to us.  
C. Identity Theft. If you believe that you are a victim of identity theft entitled by law to request information from us, write us at our Legal Notice address (see Section 9) and we will let you know what additional information you must provide to us. After we have received that information, we will supply without charge the information legally required to be disclosed that we then have, subject to applicable law and reserving all of our rights and defenses.

9\. CONTACT INFORMATION AND INFORMATION ABOUT ENFORCEMENT OF OUR POLICY. For customer site matters (including questions relating to this Policy), you may email us at [legal@rightside.co](mailto:legal@rightside.co). To send us a legal notice, mail it by certified mail (return receipt requested) to: Rightside Operating Co., 5808 Lake Washington Blvd. Suite 300, Kirkland, WA 98033, Attn: Legal Department.

10\. FOR EUROPEAN UNION CITIZENS In compliance with the Safe Harbor Principles, Rightside Operating Co. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. In the first instance, European Union citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should contact: [legal@rightside.co](mailto:legal@rightside.co). The company complies with the U. S. – EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U. S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. The company has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view the company’s certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>. Rightside Operating Co. has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US – EU [and EU-Swiss] Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Rightside Operating Co., please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at [www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints](http://www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints) for more information and to file a complaint.
