> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rightpedal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-05-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100511021747id_/http%3A//blog.rightpedal.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Rightpedal Blog

RightPedal Group LLC Online Privacy Policy  
You are visiting a RightPedal Group LLC website. The address on the world wide web is http://www.rightpedal.com.  
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") is a public statement of how RightPedal Group LLC ("RightPedal", "we", "us", "our") handles your personal information with respect to all websites owned and operated by RightPedal (collectively, the "Sites"). Also, this Privacy Policy covers RightPedal's treatment of any personal information that RightPedal's business partners share with RightPedal. By visiting the any of the Sites, submitting information, or using any of our products or services, you are accepting the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy.  
We gather certain types of information about the visitors to the Sites, and we believe our visitors should fully understand how we obtain and use that information. This Privacy Statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.  
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement, you should contact us via email info@rightpedal.com.

Collection of Information  
The Sites collect two types of personally identifying information from users: personal data (such as names and e-mail addresses) that make it easy for you to interact with the Sites; and aggregated data (such as information about traffic patterns and other general usage).

Personal Data:  
RightPedal may receive and store any information you enter on any of the Sites or provide to us in any other way. For example, in order for you to use the Sites, you may be required to complete a registration form (as part of this registration form, we require your first and last name and your email address). In addition, users need to maintain their collection of videos, images and other materials ("User Submissions"), and RightPedal maintains a database of information about users in order to augment this - e.g. we maintain email addresses of users uploading User Submissions to the Sites so we can email a user when his or her User Submissions are optimized and ready to be watched. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features. The personal information you provide may be used for such purposes as responding to your requests for certain services, customizing the advertising and content you see, and communicating with you about promotions.  
We allow users who have provided personal data access to their information to ensure that it is correct and to make any changes and or to delete it by contacting us at the email address set forth above.

Please note that:

* When you post a message on any Site, you may have the ability to post a message that may include personally identifiable information about yourself.  
* Any posting made while using any Site is not considered "personal data" and is not considered the type of information protected by a privacy policy.  
* If you post contact information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.

By posting a comment on the Sites, you grant us a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to reproduce, retransmit, disseminate and otherwise distribute the contents of your comment, and to modify it as follows:

* If your comment contains profanity or personal attacks, we may modify the comment so that the profanity or attack is no longer present, or is rendered less offensive.  
* If your comment causes the HTML of the page on which it is displayed to become invalid, we may modify the comment to restore validity).  
* If your comment contains code meant to disrupt the appearance or utility of the page on which it is displayed, or which will carry out malicious actions in a visitor's web browser, we may remove such code.

By posting a comment on the Sites, you also agree that posting a comment is a privilege we choose to grant, and that we can revoke that privilege: we retain the right to remove any comment, or ban further postings by any person, at any time and for any reason we choose. Aggregated Information:  
We may automatically receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us, such as, "traffic data" received by our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you requested. RightPedal uses this traffic data to help diagnose problems with its server, analyze trends and administer the Sites. We may also automatically collect usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Sites and their components. This data is only used in the aggregate, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. Such data enables us to figure out how often users use parts of the Sites, so we can make the Sites appealing to as many users as possible. We may share such aggregate information with our partners, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal Web experience.  
IN SOME JURISDICTIONS, LEGAL AUTHORITIES MAY TREAT IP ADDRESSES AS PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION. BY YOUR USAGE OF OUR SERVICES, YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THE FOREGOING NOTICE AND CONSENT AND OPT-IN TO OUR COLLECTION OF YOUR IP ADDRESS PER THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN.  
Cookies and Tracking Devices:  
Our Sites may use cookies or other tracking devices. Cookies do not allow the website to access personal information that you have not already provided. You can refuse to use cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use most of this Site. However, you may find that some areas on the Site will be slower, or may not function at all.  
You may occasionally get cookies or other tracking devices from our advertisers. We do not control these devices, and these devices are not subject to our privacy policies.  
Information Sharing and Disclosure:  
The information we collect from you is used to make your time spent with us more enjoyable, improve the content of the Site, to customize the content and/or layout of the Site for each individual user and to notify users about updates to the Site or promotional offers or opportunities that we believe will be of interest to you.  
Our Sites may use third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our sites. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to our sites and to other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services of interest to you. In addition, we may share Web site usage information about visitors to our Sites, with such company for the purpose of managing and targeting advertisements on our Sites, but we will never share your personal data with an advertiser.  
RightPedal does not share personal information with other companies, except under the following circumstances or with your consent:  
In Aggregate. When RightPedal is working with advertisers, the press or the media we will disclose aggregate information about the use of our system. For example, "We have `x' thousand users using our services in India."  
Affiliated Business We Do Not Control. We are affiliated with a variety of businesses and work closely with them in order to provide our services to users. We will only share personal information that is necessary for the affiliate to provide such services. Our affiliates do not have the right to share or use personal information for any purpose other than for an authorized service or transaction.  
Personnel; Agents. Our personnel and agents (including, for the avoidance of doubt, consultants and/or contractors) may have access to user information while carrying out their duties in the normal course of our company business.  
Business Transfers. In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if RightPedal, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, customer information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.  
Legal. We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with that law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of RightPedal, our employees, our users, or others. For example, if video of a crime or other unlawful activity is uploaded to RightPedal, RightPedal may initiate an investigation by contacting authorities.  
Your Ability to Edit your Personal Information:  
In order to edit the information we have on file with you, you will need to maintain an account on RightPedal. Information is keyed to your provided email address and you can have the system email you your most recent password to gain access. If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you would like to delete any of your personally identifiable information, you may correct, update or delete it by either (i) modifying your account, or (ii) sending a request to us via accounts@rightpedal.com. Because of the complexity of the server logs, users do not have access to any IP/HTTP server log information, nor can we practically link it to an individual user.

Email Policy:  
We hate spam as much as you do, and RightPedal will not sell your email address to third party marketing companies. However, email is a key component with the RightPedal system and we use an email address to identify you, and associate ownership of your videos with an email account. In that regard RightPedal will email you system notifications about your account, changes to your account, password resets, video status, etc. RightPedal may also send out emails with news or promotions. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please notify us by e-mail at unsubscribe@rightpedal.com and include sufficient information for us to identify your account. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Sites, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes.

Conditions of Use:  
If you decide to visit the Sites, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages and application of California state law.

Third Party Websites:  
RightPedal services may permit you to link to other websites on the Internet, and other websites may contain links to the Sites. These other websites are not under RightPedal control. The privacy and security practices of websites linked to or from the Sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy, and RightPedal is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.  
Changes to this Privacy Policy RightPedal may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Sites so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed.

In Closing:  
Simply stated, RightPedal values your privacy. We do have to know something about you in order to provide this system, and we do need to be able to tell others how popular/unpopular various features of the system are as we continue to grow. That said, we understand as a publisher and technology provider that users of the RightPedal system drive our success so your privacy is of the utmost importance to us.

Questions or Concerns:  
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy at the Sites, please send a detailed message to info@rightpedal.com. Your privacy is important to us and we will make every effort to resolve your concerns.

Information for Parents/Guardians

We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to become familiar with the types of content available on the internet. Parents and guardians should regularly oversee their children's use of e-mail and other online communications and transactional features. Control tools are available from online services and software manufacturers that can help provide a safe online environment for kids.  
If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child has submitted his or her personal information without your permission or consent, we will take reasonable steps to promptly remove that information from our database at your request. To request removal of your child's information, please send an e-mail to us at the email address at the beginning of this Privacy Policy and be sure to include in your message the same user name, password, and email address that your child submitted.

Additional Information  
The Sites may contain links to other sites that you may access. These other sites should have their own privacy policies and you should review those policies before following those links. We cannot control the information disclosed at these third-party sites or how that information is used. If you've made it this far reading our privacy policy, you're probably gonna read their policy, too. That's a good thing.  
No transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Any such transmission is done at your own risk.  
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE, SHALL ANY SITE OR NEXT NEW NETWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF INFORMATION OR MATERIALS ON OUR SITES, EVEN IF WE OR AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF OURS, HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS SECTION ALSO SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FULL TERMS OF USE.  
You should be aware that the United States and other countries have not harmonized their privacy regulations. Because our Sites are intended specifically for users in the United States, we have written our Privacy Policy to satisfy United States regulations. By using any Site, you agree to the level of privacy protection set out in our Privacy Policy.

USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE PRIVACY POLICY.  
The issue of privacy is an evolving one. We are committed to the constant monitoring and examination of our privacy practices, and may, from time to time, institute changes to our Privacy Policy. In the event that any material changes are made to our privacy practices, we will promptly make changes to this Privacy Policy that reflect such changes; therefore we recommend you review our policy regularly to check for updates. You can send e-mail to us with any further questions at the email address at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated and is effective as of February 5, 2008.
