> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rightontheright.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180828035228id_/http%3A//rightontheright.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy – Right on the Right – Becoming a Police Officer

Rightontheright.com values your privacy and we have put in place a platform to handle any information that you might provide to us with discretion ensuring that it is used only for the intended purposes. The site is not a human rights agency of any kind and we are in no way affiliated with any human rights movement. We only come up with information regarding the industry that we believe is beneficial to our clients. This information may be sourced from other websites. Our website uses cookies to optimize the user experience and we aggregate as anonymous any information or data collected regarding the website visits.

If you contact us, you will be asked to provide some information related to how we can contact you back. This will only be used for communication related to your rights query, interests or any promotional material that you willfully subscribe to. You can however opt out of this subscription or communication any time by getting to us. The website policy may be changed from time to time. This will be communicated. The information on our website is on ‘as is’ basis and carries no warranties by us. To the best of our knowledge, the information we provide to our readers is accurate. We can however not guarantee the accuracy of websites linked to rightontheright.com.
