> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the v3.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110526024205id_/http%3A//www.go.to/privacy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# go.to free short URL redirect and web forwarding service

* * *

Privacy and Security Statement

We have prepared this Privacy and Security Statement to let you know about the manner in which we collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage the personal information you entrust to us. When you provide personal information, you are consenting to the manner in which MyPhotoAlbum.com Inc. will collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage your personal information, as set out below. 

Collection and Use of Personal Information

We may collect personal information that you provide us when you register, cancel or request certain information about our products and services; contact customer service; or provide us with comments or suggestions. Upon registration, you are asked for personal information such as your name, e-mail address and age. Your registration information may be used to make your experience more personalized. We use this information for verification of identity in event of a lost password and to contact you about our product and service announcements, such as changes in terms and conditions. We also use this information to prevent the abuse of children and comply with Internet registration laws. 

When you ask a support question, participate in a survey or enter a contest or sweepstakes, we may collect your name, address, phone number and e-mail address. We use this information to administer your request or allow you to participate in a contest. We may also use your personal information to assess and improve the products and services we offer. We will inform you of products and services, sales and special offers that might benefit you. When you register online for our service you agree to allow us to contact you via e-mails about our products, services, sales and special offers. 

We may also send you email with information about our product and services. If you would like to stop receiving such promotional information please click on the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the latest email received. In accordance with the CAN-SPAM law compliance, your opt-out will be honored within 10 business days. Unsubscribing does not apply to communications that are directly related to your registration with MyPhotoAlbum, or the fulfillment of a specific transaction you have requested. Please note that we reserve the right, at a future date, to deny services to any customer who has unsubscribed from a MyPhotoAlbum email. 

We use your feedback, suggestions, survey information and comments solely to monitor and/or improve the use and features of our product and service offerings. 

Children: Perhaps more important than MyPhotoAlbum's concern for your privacy is our concern for the privacy of children. Due to this, MyPhotoAlbum:

  


  1. Will never encourage children to use our Sites; and
  

  2. Do not allow registration for any of our service to anyone under the age of 13; and 
  

  3. Attempt to monitor content of our member albums that would violate our Terms; and 
  

  4. Encourage visitors to report content violations; and 
  

  5. Never market our products or services to children 



To serve you better, we may combine the personal information that you give us on our Sites with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our marketing partners and others. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your experience with us, to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes. 

Companies that work with or on behalf of MyPhotoAlbum: Some MyPhotoAlbum's operations, such as site advertising or email discount offerings, may be managed by third-party affiliated companies. These companies may have access to your personal information on a confidential basis only to the extent necessary to perform their functions as it relates to providing you with a specific service. At no point will these companies have the right to store your personal identifiable information without your consent. 

Sale of Business: MyPhotoAlbum reserves the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party acquirer. 

Legal: Please note that MyPhotoAlbum must provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required by law. We may also disclose personal information to assist us in collecting a debt owed by you. 

For instructions on accessing the personal information that MyPhotoAlbum may have about you, please see the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy and Security Statement. 

Additional Information about Our Sites 

Visiting Our Sites: In general, you can visit our Sites without telling us who you are or providing us with any information. However, we collect the IP (Internet protocol) addresses of all visitors to our Sites and other related information such as page requests, browser type, operating system and average time spent on our Sites. We use this information to monitor and improve our Sites. 

Cookies: Our Sites use a technology called "cookies". A cookie is a tiny element of data that our Sites can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return. All pages on our Sites where you are prompted to log in or that are customizable require that you accept cookies. If you have registered with our Sites, these cookies (1) may let us know who you are, (2) are necessary to access your account information (stored on our computers) in order to deliver products and personalized services, and (3) will provide us and our service providers with information that we will use to personalize our Sites in accordance with your preferences. Cookies are also required to optimize your shopping experience in that they allow you to add multiple items to your shopping basket before checking out. You may set your Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. However, should you decide not to accept cookies from our Sites, you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our Sites. 

Tracer Tags: Our Sites may also use a technology called "tracer tags". These may also be referred to as "Clear GIFs" or "Web Beacons". This technology allows us to understand which pages you visit on our Sites. These tracer tags are used to help us optimize and tailor our Sites for you and other future website visitors. 

Third Party Links: Our Sites may include links to the websites of our business partners, vendors and advertisers. Except as provided herein, we will not provide any of your personal information to these third parties without your prior consent. MyPhotoAlbum provides links to third party websites as a convenience to the user. The inclusion of any link does not imply MyPhotoAlbum's endorsement of any other company, its websites, or its products and/or services. These linked websites have separate and independent privacy policies, which we recommend you read carefully. We have no control over such websites and therefore have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites may collect, use or disclose and otherwise treat your personal information. 

Security of Personal Information: We will maintain the confidentiality of all personal information collected on our Sites and from our Service Providers and will only disclose such information to employees and Service Providers who require such information for the purposes described in this Privacy and Security Statement. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure of personal information in our custody and control. 

Passwords: To provide you with an increased level of security, online access to your personal information is protected with a password you select. We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone. MyPhotoAlbum will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication (including unsolicited correspondence such as letters, phone calls or e-mail messages). 

No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, MyPhotoAlbum cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us on our Sites. 

How To Contact Us: You can contact us or otherwise communicate your privacy concerns by:

  


  * faxing us at +1-212-981-8125
  

  * emailing us by clicking here
  

  * accessing your registration information on our sites
  

  * writing us at:

MyPhotoAlbum Inc.

322 8th Avenue

Suite 701

New York, NY

10001




Changes to the Privacy and Security Statement

To help you track the changes to our Privacy and Security Statement, the date of the material changes to our Privacy and Security Statement will be noted here, January 1, 2008. Privacy and Security Statement may be changed at anytime. 

You agree, during the period of this Privacy and Security Statement, that we may: (1) revise the Changes to the Privacy and Security Statement; and any such revision or change will be binding and effective immediately on posting of the revised statement or change to the service(s) on our web site, or on notification to you by e-mail or regular mail. You agree to review our web site, including the Privacy and Security Statement, periodically to be aware of any such revisions. If you do not agree with any revision to the Statement, you may terminate your services at any time by providing us with notice by e-mail or regular mail as per the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy and Security Statement. Notice of your termination will be effective on receipt and processing by us. You agree that, by continuing to use the Services following notice of any revision to this Privacy and Security Statement or change in service(s), you abide by any such revisions or changes
