> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mebeam.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071213001508id_/http%3A//www.mebeam.com/index.php/Site/Priv) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MeBeam ™ Web based video conferencing: Priv

**PRIVACY POLICY**

This statement is effective as of Jul 20, 2007.

**1.** Global Ip Video Pty Ltd owns and runs various websites, including but not limited to MeBeam.com .and any part of them, (the "Websites"). A link to this privacy policy is included on the homepage of each of the Websites. MeBeam respects the privacy of its users. This document explains how MeBeam will use any information that you provide to us via the Websites. MeBeam may amend this privacy policy from time to time. If MeBeam does so, the revised privacy policy will be posted on the Websites, and you will have the opportunity to modify your information on file with MeBeam as explained below. 

**2.** Information collected. You are not required to provide personally identifiable information to visit the Websites; however, in order to access your third party message accounts you may be required to enter your applicable user name(s) and password(s). In order to use the basic services of the Websites, MeBeam does not store your user name(s) or password(s) on our server. If you wish to utilize any advanced features of the Websites which may be available from time to time, storage of your name(s) and password(s) may be necessary. MeBeam will inform you by screen message and ask you to confirm your election to have your information stored on our servers before doing so. In addition, MeBeam may collect usage data and other information on all users, but it is not personally identifiable except as described below under the IP Addresses section. 

**3.** Posting. Users of the Websites may post messages regarding various topics in the posting areas of the Websites, including but not limited to chats and MeBeam Rooms. Such messages may be saved on our servers and may be accessible to the public. In addition, sessions in a given MeBeam Room may be saved on our servers as a log (a "History") and the History may be accessible to the users of that MeBeam Room, who may include law officers and other authorities. Accordingly, to the extent that your session and/or any History includes personally identifiable information, such information may be saved on our server(s) and may be disclosed to the public in perpetuity. 

**4.** Cookies. MeBeam may use Cookies on the Websites. Cookie are small text files that are placed on your computer's hard drive by our servers to identify your computer to our servers. Except as provided in Section 5, below, no personally identifiable information stored in the MeBeam cookies will be shared with outside companies for any purpose without your permission. You can also disable cookies or otherwise manage them through tools provided with your browser software and with third-party software packages, or not use the features that require Cookies. We and our advertisers may use third-party companies to serve ads when you visit the Websites. These third-party ad-serving companies may also place Cookies on your computer. Sometimes these Cookies may be used to provide targeted advertising to you. These advertising companies may also use web beacons to help manage and optimize our online advertising. To the extent that MeBeam allows advertisers or other third parties to use cookies or web beacons on the Websites, MeBeam will require that they agree to adopt a substantially similar privacy policy with respect to your information. Some third-party ad serving companies have agreed to allow users to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising. 

**5.** IP Addresses. MeBeam may compile logs of IP addresses of visitors to the Websites for administrative and analytical purposes. MeBeam does not routinely collect any personally identifiable information through its compilation of IP address or the location of computers on the Internet. However, in cases of suspected abuse or service problems, MeBeam may use an IP address in conjunction with other personally identifiable information to enforce our Terms of Service and/or to protect or troubleshoot the Websites, its users or others who may be affected. Except as provided in Section 6, below, MeBeam will not share personally identifiable information associated with IP addresses with third parties without your permission. MeBeam may share data about aggregate IP addresses, but such data does does not include personally identifiable information. 

**6.** Sharing of Information. MeBeam may share personally identifiable information with third parties in the following cases: a. to enable the normal course of functionality of the Websites. In some cases, MeBeam may work with third parties that do analysis and development on our behalf. We may share your personally identifiable information with such a third party on the condition that the third party maintains the information as confidential and uses the information only to perform the services specified by MeBeam; b. to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, to prevent fraud or imminent harm, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; and/or c. in the event that MeBeam is acquired by or merged with another company, MeBeam will transfer information about you to that other company. In this event, MeBeam will notify you before information about you is transferred (and permit you to delete your account) and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. MeBeam reserves the right to send you certain communications relating to the Websites and the services offered thereby, such as service announcements and administrative messages, but we plan on doing so sparingly, if ever. In any case, we reserve the right to contact you regarding violation of this privacy policy, the Terms of Session, and any other violation of law or applicable regulations and policies. 

**7.** Notification of Changes. Any changes to this policy will be posted on the Websites in this location. 

**8.** Links to Other Sites. The Websites contain links to and media and other content from other sites. In addition, such third-party media and content may also contain external links. Because of the dynamic media capabilities of the Websites, it may not be clear to you which links are embedded in the Websites and which are embedded in third-party media and/or content. Although MeBeam requires our business partners and advertisers to adopt privacy policies similar to this privacy policy with respect to any information collected on the Websites, MeBeam cannot and does not guarantee the privacy policies and practices of any third party. MeBeam does not control, operate or endorse any information, products or services of any third-party websites that may be reached through links from the Websites. The use of any personal information provided to such a third party will be governed by that party's privacy policy. 

**9.** Acceptance. This privacy policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms and conditions of MeBeam's Terms of Session, available on the Websites. Use of the Websites and the services offered thereby is subject to your compliance with the Terms of Session, which constitutes a legal agreement between you and MeBeam. Each time you use the Websites and the services offered thereby you signify that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the Terms of Session, which incorporates the privacy policy, and the applicable posted guidelines. USE OF THE WEBSITES AND THE SERVICES OFFERED THEREBY SIGNIFIES THE ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF SESSION AND THE PRIVACY POLICY. If you do not agree with the terms of either of these documents, please do not provide MeBeam with any information and do not use the Websites and the services offered thereby. Your continued use of the Websites and the services offered thereby in light of changes to this privacy policy, the Terms of Session, or to the relevant principles thereof will signify your acceptance of the changes. 

**10.** Comments and Questions. If you have any comments or questions you may address them to our customer service department at info@globalipvideo.com, or via mail addressed to Ashod Apakian, Global Ip Video, Pty Ltd,Global IP Video Pty Ltd, Level 32, 88 Phillip Street Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, 2000. 

© Copyright 2007 MeBeam   

