> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the joann-mail.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111004055337id_/http%3A//joann-mail.com/MSC_privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MSC - Privacy Policy

## The Marketing Software Company Privacy Commitment

Marketing Software Company (MSC) is a direct marketing leader in traditional and interactive direct marketing data processing. As a service bureau, MSC provides end-to-end customer-centric solutions for select direct marketing clients who, themselves, compile or rent lists in order to market goods and services to consumers (BTC-marketing) and businesses (BTB-marketing).

MSC is committed to the security and privacy of individuals and businesses whose data is provided to us, personally or through data comptrollers. We respect the rights of those who wish to remain anonymous while searching this web site. We understand and support the rights of individuals to have control of how their personal information is collected and used.

## Our national headquarters are located at:

          Marketing Software Company (MSC)  
          6200 Canoga Ave #102  
          Woodland Hills CA 91367-2429  
          USA

We can be reached via e-mail at info@mscnet.com or you can reach us by telephone at (818) 346-1600.

## Compliance with U.S. Industry Standards

MSC voluntarily complies with and supports the Online Privacy Principles and Guidelines of the U.S. Direct Marketing Association (www.the-dma.org). MSC adheres to The DMA Privacy Promise to the American Consumer.

## Information Provided to MSC for MSC Use

We have constructed the MSC Web site so that you may visit the site without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. It is not necessary to enter personal information or register to browse the MSC Web site.

However, if you wish to view a demo, request a white paper or submit a question to MSC, you may be required to provide your name, business name and/or personal information for follow-up. MSC collects personal, visitor information from our Web site that is consistent with fulfilling the marketing information requested. If you provide MSC with personal information through this Web site, we may use the information to contact you regarding our products and services.

## Information Provided to MSC for Client Use

From time to time, MSC clients or list comptrollers in cooperation with MSC clients, may provide MSC with copies of their data or their files for marketing purposes. Manipulation of the data provided to MSC shall not relieve our clients or list comptrollers, who partner with our clients, of their privacy responsibilities as data owners or list compilers. This responsibility is not transferred to MSC because MSC has prepared their data for marketing media.

Personal information that is collected on behalf of our clients remains the property of our clients. Privacy information collected from client web sites or landing pages, which are maintained on MSC servers, remains the property of MSC clients. Privacy information collected as a result of re-directing promotion responses remains client property.

Client data consigned to MSC for processing and response information, generated by client promotions and collected on MSC servers, remains the client property. MSC assumes no ownership, or ownership responsibilities, for data provided by or collected for its clients. Information will be returned to clients, erased or destroyed, at the completion of processing as directed by our clients. 

## How MSC and Client Information Is Used

Except as may be required by law, personal information given directly to MSC by an individual will only be used to fulfill the expressed objective of that individual. An individual may also be added to a list of other individuals targeted to receive correspondence pertaining to the same type of information. Personal information collected by MSC, for its own use, will not be sold, transferred or traded to any third party by MSC for unsolicited marketing purposes.

Personal information, provided to MSC by its clients, or list comptrollers acting in partnership with our clients, or collected by MSC for our clients, will remain the property of the client or the list comptroller acting in cooperation with MSC clients. Personal information will only be disclosed, delivered to or destroyed as directed by our clients in accordance with their privacy policy or project instructions. Information provided by our clients or gathered for our clients will only be used as directed by our clients.

## Security

MSC uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving client data or comptroller data being sent in cooperation with MSC clients. MSC has security measures in place, in our facility, to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected. Additionally, MSC has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that has been consigned to MSC for specific marketing purposes by our clients or data comptrollers, acting in cooperation with our clients.

## International Privacy Compliance

MSC is a Safe Harbor company and complies with the privacy principles set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding collection, use, and retention of personal data from the European Union. The U.S. Direct Marketing Association (DMA) serves as MSCs third-party dispute resolution liaison.

If you feel that MSC is not in compliance with Safe Harbor principles, first contact our company by mail, e-mail, or telephone at:

          Bruce Morgan  
          Marketing Software Company  
          6200 Canoga Ave #102  
          Woodland Hills CA 91367-2429  
          (t) 818-346-1600  
          (e) privacy@mscnet.com

If, after contacting MSC directly, MSC is not able to satisfactorily address your concerns you should then contact the DMA Safe Harbor Dispute Resolution Program. The DMA serves as a liaison to MSC to resolve your concerns. You can reach the DMA Safe Harbor Program at safeharbor@the-dma.org

## The DMA Safe Harbor Dispute Resolution Program can also be contacted by mail at:

          Safe Harbor Line  
          Direct Marketing Association  
          1111 19th Street, NW - Suite 1100  
          Washington, DC 20036  
          fax: 202-955-0085  
          phone: 202-861-2410

## Disclaimer

This site and all contents of this site are provided on an "AS IS" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. You acknowledge, by your use of this site, that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of this site and that we shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this site.

Third-party sites to which we link or are linked to ours are not under the control of MSC. MSC is not responsible for the contents of any linked site(s). Links contained on our site are provided as a convenience to the site user and do not imply endorsement of the link, content or the respective company.

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless MSC from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of this site.

## Accountability

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy statement, please send an eMail to privacy@mscnet.com. If you feel that MSC is not living up to its stated information policy, you may contact us at privacy@mscnet.com or call us at 818.346.1600.

MSC. "Marketing.Strategic.Customized.Database Solutions."     Call MSC to find out how we can help with your data needs (818)346-1600
