> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the piie.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629113513id_/https%3A//piie.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | PIIE

_Effective as of November 2016_

The Peterson Institute for International Economics (referenced herein as “ _we_ ,” “ _us_ ,” or " _Peterson Institute_ " or with “ _our_ ”) has developed this policy statement (the " _Privacy Policy_ ") to assist end users (referenced herein as " _you_ " or " _user_ " or with “ _your_ ”) in understanding Peterson Institute’s collection and use of personally identifiable information (“PII”).  The following Privacy Policy summarizes the PII gathering and use practices for the [www.piie.com](https://piie.com/) website maintained by Peterson Institute (referenced herein as the “ _Website_ ”.  

Peterson Institute reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time to address changes to its information collection, disclosure, or use practices or changes in law.  If Peterson Institute makes changes to this Privacy Policy, Peterson Institute will post those changes at this location and provide notice of any material changes so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  Please review this Privacy Policy on a periodic basis. 

  1. **Information We Collect.**


  * **Technical Information gathered automatically**. When you browse our Website, you do so anonymously. Generic information from server logs is used to track the number of hits to the Website and to find out what types of browser software and operating systems visitors use.
  * **Personal Information you provide to us**. On various pages of the Website, you may have an opportunity to provide information to us about yourself, such as your name, address, phone number and email address.  You may provide this information when you register with the Website or send a message through the Website.  In addition, requests to join our mailing list(s) or receive information or materials from Peterson Institute will involve the collection of your email address or postal address. 


  1. **Use of Information.**   Parts of the Website are informational in nature and publicly available to all users.  Consequently, until you participate in surveys, chats, programs, or events, register, or request information from Peterson Institute, you are able to browse the Website without providing any PII, although your browser may tell us what type of computer and operating system you are using as well as other kinds of technical information.  Below, Peterson Institute sets forth more detail on how Peterson Institute uses your PII.


  * **Personal and Contact Information:** Peterson Institute may use your personal and contact information to operate the Website and, in particular, facilitate the education, community, and networking capabilities of the Website, advertise its services and the goods and services of its members and third parties, create a personalized experience for you, provide you with news and information, contact you regarding a survey, get in touch with you when necessary with respect to transactions conducted through the Website, material changes in the Website’s policies and agreements, new products, tools, or services Peterson Institute may offer, or otherwise.  Peterson Institute may also share your contact information with Peterson Institute’s members, service providers, or business partners, as is necessary to provide Peterson Institute's services and information, for advertising purposes, to host, operate, or facilitate transactions through the Website, including, without limitation, registration for membership, events, or for internal business purposes.  In addition, Peterson Institute may supplement the PII collected from you with information from other sources, such as from business partners, in order to enhance Peterson Institute's ability to provide or advertise its services or those of other entities or to otherwise tailor, manage, or operate the Website.
  * **Demographic Information:** Peterson Institute may share demographic data on an aggregated basis, which will not identify any particular user, with Peterson Institute's members, partners and affiliates and for advertising or other technical or business purposes.
  * **Survey Results:** Peterson Institute may share survey results collected through the Website with its business partners, members, and affiliates and/or the general public, the news media, and with the U.S. Government and state governments, not only for business or marketing purposes or as may be required by law, but also to participate in government programs and initiatives.
  * **Technical Information:** Peterson Institute will use this information to facilitate educational opportunities, participation, or otherwise allow access to or use of certain information, tools, or features and for improving the Website’s performance, usability and design.  Peterson Institute may also use technical information to help diagnose problems with Peterson Institute's servers, analyze Website usage trends, track user movements on the Website, and to otherwise manage and monitor the Website.
  * **Business Transactions:** In the event that Peterson Institute goes through a business transaction, such as a merger or acquisition by another entity involving the sale of all or a portion of its assets, please note that the PII collected and retained by Peterson Institute may be among the assets transferred.  In the event a transaction of this kind occurs that results in the transfer of PII, Peterson Institute will notify you via e-mail and/or place a prominent notice on the Website for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control and the possible changes to this Privacy Policy.
  * **Legal Action:** Peterson Institute may disclose PII when legally required to do so in accordance with government requests or regulations or legal proceedings. Peterson Institute may also disclose PII to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Website or as is otherwise required to limit legal liability, protect or defend Peterson Institute's rights, property, or interests, or protect the safety, rights, or property of Peterson Institute’s users.


  1. **Children’s Privacy.   **Peterson Institute cares about the safety of children on the Website and encourages parents and guardians to monitor their children’s use of the Internet.  Although the Website is suitable for a general audience, this Website is intended for use only by users who are over 16 years of age.  Accordingly, Peterson Institute does not knowingly solicit PII from children under the age of 16 and reserves the right to limit participation in particular activities on or through Website to individuals above a certain age.
  2. **Cookies & Computer-Related Information.  **Peterson Institute or its contractors may use cookies, web beacons, tags, log-in files, and/or other similar data collection or tracking techniques to enhance and/or monitor your experience while using the Website.  Cookies and other related techniques are generally pieces of information, which Peterson Institute uses for record-keeping purposes and which the Website may transfer to us and/or your computer’s Web-browser for storage on our server(s) or your computer’s hard drive.  Cookies and other related techniques enable Peterson Institute to manage and/or customize your experience on the Website, including available advertisements.  Cookies and other related techniques also make Web-surfing or site review easier by automatically performing certain functions such as saving your personal preferences and by providing targeted content.  Peterson Institute, however, will not use cookies to record passwords or credit card or other financial information. 



Many consider the use of cookies and such identifiers to be an industry standard measure.  Consequently, your Web browser is likely set to accept cookies or allow other identifiers.  If you would prefer not to receive cookies or allow identifiers, however, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies or surf anonymously.  If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies or surf anonymously, you should understand that it is possible that some areas of our Website will not function properly when you view them. 

  1. **Third Parties.** We may use analytics services provided by third parties, including Google Analytics. To learn more about how Google Analytics collects and processes data and the choices Google may offer to control these activities, visit <https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners>.
  2. **External or Third Party Websites.   **To the extent hyperlinks or gateways (whether through banner advertisements or otherwise) are utilized to access external or third party sites, you should be aware that these external or third party sites may collect PII and are not controlled by Peterson Institute and therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy.  Peterson Institute suggests that you check the privacy policies of these sites to determine how the proprietors of these third party sites will utilize your PII.
  3. **Collection of Information by Third-Party Websites.   **We sometimes may offer content (e.g., promotions) that is sponsored by or co-branded with an identified third party.  In these instances, the third party may obtain information that you voluntarily submit to participate in a site activity.  We have no control over the third party’s use of this information.  The Website will notify you at the time of information collection if a third party will obtain such information. 
  4. **Your Choices.   **We may use the PII we collect from you to provide requested information or materials or to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you.  If you would like to opt out of future promotional materials from us, you may indicate this preference by following the unsubscribe instructions at the end of such communications or by contacting us at [webmaster@piie.com](mailto:webmaster@piie.com).
  5. **Data Security.   **We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational security measures to protect PII submitted to us against accidental loss, unauthorized access, misuse, disclosure, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our Website and that is under our control.  Please be aware, however, that no method of data transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic data storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your PII, we cannot guarantee the absolute security, integrity, and privacy of any or all information exchanged between you and us through the Website.  We make no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will prevent unauthorized access to or use of your PII.
  6. **California Privacy Rights.   **California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of the Website who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please write to us at the address below.
  7. **Governing Law.   **This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the District of Columbia.  The Website and the servers that host the Website are located in the United States.  Any information you provided will be transferred to the United States.  By visiting and using the Website and submitting PII thereto, you therefore authorize this transfer of your PII to the United States.  If any part of this Privacy Policy is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law, then the invalid or unenforceable provision or part will be deemed suspended by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision or part and the remainder of this Privacy Policy shall continue in full force and effect.
  8. **Contacting Us.   **Comments or questions can be directed to the Peterson Institute for International Economics by using our contact information. We will respond to reasonable requests (as determined by Peterson Institute for International Economics staff) for information as rapidly as possible, subject to both our discretion and legal limitations.



**You may contact us at:** Peterson Institute for International Economics, 1750 Massachusetts Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20036, +1.202.328.9000 (phone), or [comments@piie.com](mailto:comments@piie.com) (e-mail).
