> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the scenedaily.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080621011643id_/http%3A//www.scenedaily.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | SceneDaily.com - NASCAR News

PRIVACY POLICYThe SceneDaily.com web site is maintained by Street & Smith's Sports Group, Inc., 120 West Morehead St., Suite 400, Charlotte, NC 28202. We can be reached by email at bsnyder@scenedaily.com. 

**How Street & Smith's Sports Group uses information provided by you:**  This site does not collect personally identifying information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. A user's personally identifying information may be used by Street & Smith's Sports Group for editorial purposes. Street & Smith's Sports Group may also use such information for marketing and promotional purposes and may share the information with companies that it has pre-screened. Individuals may request that their information not be used for commercial purposes by contacting Street & Smith's Sports Group. 

A user's personally identifying information will not be transferred to any other party unless otherwise stated at the time of collection. While Street & Smith's Sports Group will seek to require third parties with whom it has agreements to follow appropriate privacy policies, Street & Smith's Sports Group does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of such third parties. 

Street & Smith's Sports Group web site users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., user name, email address) on areas of the Street & Smith's Sports Group web site, such as Internet Directory, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties. 

While your personally identifying information is protected as outlined above, we sometimes collect anonymous aggregated data and provide it to our advertisers for statistical purposes. For example, we might report to advertisers that a certain percentage of users are between the ages of 35 and 45. 

Cookies: Street & Smith's Sports Group may place a "cookie" in your browser files of an Street & Smith's Sports Group web site user's computer. The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifying information although it will enable Street & Smith's Sports Group to relate a user's use of Street & Smith's Sports Group' web site to information that the user has specifically and knowingly provided to Street & Smith's Sports Group. If you link to our advertisers, you also may occasionally get cookies from them. Street & Smith's Sports Group does not control these cookies and these cookies are not subject to this policy. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is common in the Internet industry. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, it is possible that some portions of Street & Smith's Sports Group' web site will not function properly if you do so. 

Kids: Be sure to ask your parents for permission before you send any information about yourself (your name, address, email address, etc.) to us or anyone else over the Internet, and before making any purchases online. 

Parents: We encourage you to get involved with your children's online usage and to be aware of the activities in which they are participating. Any personally identifying information collected by Street & Smith's Sports Group from children (that we are aware are children) will only be used for Street & Smith's Sports Group's internal purposes such as market research and sweepstakes fulfillment, and may sometimes be included in our database. However, such information will not be posted or published by us, or provided to any third parties, without your prior consent. Additionally, anonymous aggregated data is sometimes provided to our advertisers for statistical purposes as described above. Finally, you should be aware that if your child voluntarily discloses his name, email address, etc. on various bulletin boards or chat areas, such disclosure may result in unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should discourage your child from doing so. 

Cookies placed by Street & Smith's Sports Group for use throughout Street & Smith's Sports Group' web site will not be used to collect information in areas within Street & Smith's Sports Group that are geared to children. If you have any concerns, do not hesitate to contact us at the above email address. 
