> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the violinist.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151206001315id_/http%3A//www.violinist.com/directory/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Violinist.com privacy policy

Violinist.com accepts articles and comments from Internet users who register with the site. If you choose to register with the site, you will be asked to submit some personal information, including your name and e-mail address. Violinist.com collects this information in order to attempt to verify the identity of individuals submitting information to the site.

In addition, when you submit a comment or article to the site, Violinist.com will collect and record the IP address of the machine through which you accessed the Internet when you submitted the comment. (An IP address is a unique number assigned to each computer hooked up to the Internet. It is not your e-mail address. In fact, if you are connecting through an Internet Service Provider, the IP address recorded might be that of a computer at your ISP, and not your personal computer. Nevertheless, be aware that your ISP may track user logins, and thereby be able to identify you based on an IP number and time of day, if asked.)

Violinist.com will publish the name and city of residence of members who submit content to the site. Violinist.com will not reveal your e-mail address to any Web reader or other outside source, unless the member violates the site's [ethics](https://web.archive.org/ethics/) or privacy policy, in which case Violinist.com may release contact information in an effort to track down and seek relief from the offending member. Violinist.com allows registered users to send e-mail messages to other members through a blind form which does not reveal the recipient's e-mail address.

Several pages on Violinist.com will attempt to set "cookies" in your browser. Cookies are used on this site to determine if an individual requesting a page is a registered user. A cookie is a line of text in your browser's folder on your personal computer. When a cookie is set, a website writes a line of text to that folder which includes the website's domain name and a unique user number. The cookie cannot access any other information on your computer, including your name, e-mail address and passwords.

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

Information collected by Violinist.com may be transferred along with the other assets of Violinist.com to any subsequent owners of the site. Violinist.com is private property and its owners reserve the right to remove from the site any user and/or his or her information at any time.
