> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the avon.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120614191039id_/http%3A//www.ca.avon.com/PRSuite/privacy_security.page%3FLANG_CD%3Den_CA) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Avon cosmetics, beauty, make-up, skincare, fragrance, jobs, work from home

Last Updated:  March 4, 2009

 **POLICY REGARDING THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE**  
 **OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

 ** _Introduction_**  
Avon Canada Inc. (hereafter "Avon") understands the importance of the privacy of individuals who visit and interact with our website, purchase Avon products or who have opted for the Avon leadership opportunity, through all of our mediums.  The Policy regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information (the “Policy”) has been prepared to assert our commitment to protect the confidentiality of information concerning our customers, independent sales and leadership representatives, and to inform you about our practices relating to the collection, use and disclosure of information communicated to Avon.  
This Policy applies to Avon's collection of information through the Avon website and offline, for example, by telephone or direct mail, and Avon's use and disclosure of such information.  
 ** _Changes to this Policy_**  
Because our business changes continually, Avon reserves the right to modify this Policy, at any time, without prior notice.  You can determine when this Policy was last revised by referring to the "Last Updated" legend at the top of the page.  Any changes to this Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Policy on our website.  Continuing to provide personal information to Avon or using our website, or placing orders, following the posting of changes to our Policy will signify your acceptance of those changes.  
 ** _Collection of Personal Information_**  
Avon collects personal information from its customers and independent sales and leadership representatives, such as name, age, gender, account number and information, email address, credit card information, billing address and shipping information, sales, orders, number of customers served and returns.  
 ** _Reasons for Collecting your Personal Information_**  
Avon and its employees may use the personal information it collects in the following ways:  
\- To respond to your inquiries to Avon and fulfill your requests, to send newsletters or to update you about Avon news and events, or to provide your personal information to Avon independent sales and leadership representatives when you provide it to us for such purpose;  
\- To send you information about specials, new products and services, and other items that may be of interest to you;  
\- To contact you and/or answer questions concerning your account (for example, order delivery, invoicing or evaluate credit standing);  
\- To manage and develop Avon's business strategies, forecasting and trending, marketing plans and operations;  
\- To initiate, maintain and assist you in developing your Avon business.  For example, by processing the Avon appointment contract, creating sales and leadership representative reports;  
\- While filling out a form or survey online (for example, for internal marketing and statistical purposes), or by entering a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion;  
\- To comply with applicable laws and regulatory requirements.  
Personal information will be used for the above-mentioned reasons and in certain circumstances where Avon considers it necessary and appropriate to collect and disclose personal information while ensuring that the disclosure of personal information shall be limited to that, which is necessary, according to the circumstance.  
 ** _People to Whom we Disclose Personal Information_**  
Except as expressly set out in this Policy, Avon does not sell nor rent to third parties lists of customers or independent sales and leadership representatives.  In the event Avon were to decide to share such information, we will give you the opportunity to refuse the transfer of personal information.  
Avon may however transfer your personal information to the following parties:  
\- _Independent Leadership Representatives:_    Avon may disclose Avon independent sales representative or downline information.  If you are an independent sales representative, we may disclose certain personal information to other Avon independent sales representative (for example, if you are a "downline" Avon independent sales representative, we may make your personal information and other information about you available to your upline leadership representative and all generations in your unit, in order to monitor sales activity and provide business development, including training, recognition.)  
\- Service providers, collection agencies and/or any other person or company acting as an agent of Avon, in order for them to provide services required by Avon and/or manage Avon's business (for example, an alternate support person who supports a District Sales Manager or a service provider who may host our sites and deliver email and/or mobile messages).  
\- Employees of Avon (for example, head office, district sales managers or division sales managers) who have a need to access customer and/or independent sales and leadership representative's personal information in carrying out their responsibilities.  
\- Third parties for direct marketing purposes.  We may disclose your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes only when you affirmatively consent to such disclosure. For example, from time to time, we may give you the opportunity to opt in to participate in special third-party offers that require Avon to share certain personal information with such third parties.  We will disclose this anticipated sharing of personal information at the time we make such opportunities available to you.  If you opt in to participate in such an offer, we may disclose your personal information to such parties for their direct marketing purposes.  We recommend that you consult such third parties' previous policies in advance, if you wish to participate in these offers.  
Any third party to whom we give information for the purposes indicated above must adhere to our privacy standards.  Further, they must ensure that accuracy of personal information used and/or correct it, if necessary, maintain an appropriate level of physical, procedural and technical protection in its offices and premises reserved for the storage of information in order to minimize risks of any form of unauthorized access, disclosure, reproduction, use or modification of personal information.  
 ** _Exclusions_**  
\- This Policy does not apply to the collection, use or disclosure of information by Avon independent sales representatives, who are independent third-party contractors of Avon and are not otherwise affiliated with Avon.  For example, information you may provide to your independent sales representative through her InterAvon.ca site or a personal email.  
\- The Avon website may contain links to websites operated by third parties, or may embed services operated by third parties ("Third Party Sites/Services") and these third parties may have privacy practices that are different from ours.  If you provide information through any Third Party Sites/Services, such information will be collected by, and may be used and disclosed by such third parties, in accordance with the privacy practices and policies of such third parties.  Avon website users should consult such third parties' privacy policies when using Third Party Sites/Services, as Avon has no control over the use or disclosure of information by third parties.  Avon is not responsible nor liable, under any circumstances, for these third parties' practices, actions or policies regarding their sites, and cannot be held accountable for the contents and confidentiality practices of these sites.  
\- Non personally identifiable information (Non-PII), which is aggregated information, demographic information, IP addresses and any other information that does not reveal your specific identity.  Because Non-PII does not personally identify you, we reserve the right to use Non-PII, and to disclose Non-PII to third parties, for any purpose.  
 ** _Information Transfer_**  
Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and/or processed in a country other than the one in which it was provided.  This may include the U.S.  When we do so, we transfer the information in compliance with applicable data protection laws.  We take steps to protect personal information no matter what the country it is stored in or transferred to.  
 ** _Security_**  
We are aware of concerns regarding the privacy and confidentiality of personal information.  We have taken appropriate measures to protect and safeguard this information and help maintain data security.  If you are registered with Avon, all information regarding your online account is protected by a password that you have chosen.  Access to your online account requires your user name and password.  We recommend you do not disclose to anyone you user name and password because, ultimately, you are responsible for the confidentiality of this information.  
Furthermore, regarding your credit card information, we protect your transactions with a technology called Secure Sockets Layer – SSL.  If your browser includes this feature, and most browsers are set up this way, your sensitive information will automatically be encrypted before being sent over the Internet.  You should also be aware that information regarding your credit card is only used to finalize your transactions with us.  
No data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure.  Although we are taking necessary measures to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of information that you are transferring to us and you do so at your own risk.  Once we receive your transmission, we will take necessary measure to ensure security on our systems.  
 ** _Cookies_**  
During user interaction with one of Avon's websites, we may store information using a browser feature called "cookie" or similar file automatically downloaded to your computer.  Cookies allow us, among other things, to adapt a website or advertisement according to your interests and preferences.  Rest assured that cookies are safe to use.  They are not programs that can be used to damage files, and they cannot be used to collect personal information.  If you do not wish to receive cookies or to have them stored on your system, most Internet browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your hard disk, to avoid having them stored or to activate a warning before the system stores them.  Please refer to instructions concerning your browser or your help screen to find out more regarding these features.  
 ** _Children_**    
Avon has no intention of collecting personal information from children.  If a parent or legal guardian, after communicating such information, wishes to eliminate it from our files, he/she may do so by contacting us at the email address or telephone number shown at the bottom of this Policy.  
 ** _Consent_**    
In agreeing to communicate personal information to Avon, its employees, Avon independent leadership representatives and/or service providers, collection agencies and/or any other person or company acting as an agent of Avon, you authorize Avon to collect, use and disclose such personal information in accordance with this Policy, and as authorized or required by law.  
 ** _Access to Your File_**  
You can have access to your individual file information at any time to check the accuracy of the information and have it rectified as appropriate by contacting Avon through one of the means hereafter described.  
 ** _Contact Us_**    
If you have any questions or comments regarding our Policy, or would like to inform us about your preferences regarding personal information, you can e-mail us a [montreal.cpo@avon.com](mailto:montreal.cpo@avon.com), or call at (514) 630-8376, or write to the following address:  Chief Privacy Officer, 5500 Trans-Canada Highway, Pointe-Claire, Quebec H9R 1B6.  We will answer your written request within thirty (30) days of its receipt.
