> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dogchannel.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-01-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170130084400id_/https%3A//www.petcha.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Petcha

**Effective Date: December 1 th, 2014**

 **PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY (“PRIVACY POLICY”) CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE USING OUR WEBSITES, APPLICATIONS OR ANY OTHER Petcha.com PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.**

Lumina Media, LLC, d/b/a Petcha.com (“Petcha.com, “we” “us”, “our”), has developed this Privacy Policy which details important information regarding the use and disclosure of user information collected on the our website, successor websites, mobile website and applications and related services and tools that link to this Privacy Policy as well as when you interact with Pecha.com or its products or services by any method (collectively, “Services”). Petcha.com provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue to use the Services and the choices we offer for you to manage the information we collect related to the use of the Services. Each time that you access or use Services, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy or [Terms of Use](http://petcha.com/terms_of_service) which govern your use of our Services, please discontinue accessing or using the Services.

 **1\. INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

 _Information You Provide To Us._ You can browse our Services without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information. We will collect personal information from you, including shipping information, if applicable, when you create or update your account or profile, interact with other users, use various features of our Services, purchase goods or services or communicate directly with us. We may combine that information with other information collected from the devices you use to access our Services, such as your operating system type or mobile device model, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device. We may also collect information about the website you visited before you came to our Services and the website you visit after you leave our Services, if this information is supplied to us by your browser.

 _Your Imported Profile From Social Networks_ When using our Services and third-party social networking services (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google +) (each and collectively, a “Social Network”), you may have the option to consent to connecting your profile or activity on our Services with your Social Network information and activity. If you choose to use our Social Network populating feature to create an account we may import information for your account or profile on our Services from another Social Network. We only import from the information you allow to be imported from the Social Network which is controlled by your privacy settings on that Social Network (“Permitted Social Network Content”). The authentication of your Social Network login credentials are conducted solely by the Social Network. If you do use this feature, we will initially create your profile by displaying your first name as the user name, your gender, current city, interests, about me, photos, and age (which is calculated from your birthdate). You can edit all of these fields except for age, which is calculated by your birthdate. By associating your Social Network account with our Services and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, use, and store Permitted Social Network Content across all our Services and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

 _Surveys And Promotions._ From time to time we may request information from you and other users via surveys or contests or sweepstakes. Participation in these surveys, contests or sweepstakes is completely voluntary. Contact information may be used as set forth in this policy and as set forth in the official rules to notify the winners and award prizes and file winners’ information as required by law. Survey information will be used for the purposes of the survey.

 _Information You Post._ The Services are designed to enable you to communicate with others. Any information or content you post when participating with the Services and Social Networks, plug ins or other applications becomes public information, depending upon your privacy settings, and is subject to redistribution by Petcha.com and other third parties. There is no expectation of privacy when posting content or otherwise participating in such interactive forums, and we have no control over how those users may use the information you make public. Therefore, you should exercise caution and discretion when deciding to disclose your personal information in a submission or posting.

 _Mobile/Location Information._ We may collect additional information from you if you access Services through a mobile device, for example your unique device identifier, device’s operating system, mobile carrier, location or GPS/geo-location. When you use our Services we may request your permission to collect your location information. Please be advised some features will not be available if you choose not to provide your location data to us. However, the degree to which your location can be identified depends on the device you are using (e.g. laptop, smartphone, tablet) and how you are connected to the Internet (e.g. via cable broadband connection, Wi-Fi, etc.). If you enable location services for our Services, we may collect location data periodically as you use or leave open our Services. We may also use this data internally or in conjunction with our third-party service providers to customize your experience and provide offers that may be relevant to you. Depending on the platform you use to access our Services (e.g., Apple, iOS, Google, Android, Windows, etc.), you may be able to control from within the settings on your wireless device or the Services whether location data is collected.

 _Information About Others/Inviting Friends._ Our Services may provide the ability for you to submit personal information about other people to invite them to join a Service. Inviting friends is always optional. Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on the Services, your e-mail address may be included in the communication sent to your friend.

 _Information From Other Sources._ The information we collect may be combined with information from outside records (e.g., demographic information, navigation information, additional contact information) that we have acquired in accordance with the law.

 **2\. INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES.**

Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests, to better understand your interests, and to improve your experience of using the Services.

 _Usage Information._ In addition to any personal information or other information that you choose to submit to us, we and our business partners may use a variety of tracking technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information described in this Privacy Policy from your computer, mobile, or other access device whenever you visit or interact with the Services or advertising (“Usage Information”). We use tracking technologies (including cookies, flash cookies, HTML5, web beacons/GIFs, embedded scripts, e-tags/cache browsers/web logs) to collect Usage Information. We may use tracking technologies for a variety of purposes, including:

 _Operationally Necessary._ We may use tracking technologies required for system administration, to prevent fraudulent activity, improve security or allow you to make use of shopping cart functionality. We may also collect user names and password information from you when you log in, as well as computer and/or connection information.

 _Performance-Related._ We may use cookies or other tracking technologies to assess the performance of our Services, including as part of our analytic practices to improve the content or functionality offered through the Services.

 _Functionality-Related._ We may use tracking technologies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Services before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify the features in which you may have the greatest interest.

 _Targeting-Related._ We may use tracking technologies to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on our Services and third-party websites and online services based on how you interact with our advertisements or content as well as track the content you access on our Services and elsewhere. For further information on this, and your opt-out choices, click here.

Keep in mind that certain features of our Services are available only through the use of tracking technologies.

 _Third-Party Tracking._ You may encounter tracking technologies/cookies from our third-party service providers that assist us with various aspects of our operations and Services and provide us with information about your interests based on your web viewing on other sites or applications. You may find more information about these third parties and their practices and your choices on how such data is collected by clicking here . Our Services may contain links, widgets, etc. to third-party websites, applications or products. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties and we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website that collects personally information from you.

 **4\. ACCESSING AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

Changing Your Account Information or Profile. _Registered Users of Petcha.com can review and edit their profile by accessing their User Account page. You should promptly update your account information if it changes or becomes inaccurate._

 _Assistance._ If for any reason you are concerned that the personal information you provided to us is not correct and you cannot change it by accessing your account, contact us as set forth in Section 7, “Contacting Us.”.

 _Closing Your Account._ To close your account, email privacy@petcha.com. If you close your account, you will not be able to access any of your personal information. When you deactivate your account or ask that we delete your content on a Service, we will retain logs and information about you along with an archival copy of your information, which is not accessible by you or third parties on the Service but which might be used by us for recordkeeping and internal purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Use and demographic, reporting and research purposes.

 **5\. CHOICE AND OPT OUTS**

 _Updates._ To change or delete your profile or privacy settings or make other choices about the information received and shared with other members, login to Your Account and click “Edit Profile” and “Privacy” tabs and select edit or delete.

 _Privacy Settings._ Information that you disclose while participating in the Services may be public and subject to redistribution by us and any third party that reviews your profile or information that you post. Please be aware that Petcha.com is not responsible for the uses or copies of your public postings on or through Services which are downloaded by third parties.

 _Cancelling Your Account._ You may request that we cancel and close your account on your User Account page or by contacting customer service. When you cancel your account, we will retain logs and information about you for the purposes set forth in this privacy policy along with an archival copy of your information which might be used by us for recordkeeping and internal purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service and demographic, reporting and research purposes

 _Administrative Messages._ You may not opt out of administrative e-mails (for example e-mails about your transactions or policy changes) for your registered account.

 _Opting Out Of Promotional Messages._ You may choose not to receive our promotional communications by logging into your User Account page and unchecking the opt-in selection for email or other direct mail promotional communications. You may also click the unsubscribe link in the footer of any e-mail or newsletter. You may also e-mail us at privacy@petcha.com. It may take up to 10 days for us to process an opt-out request.

 _Timing And Third Parties._ We will endeavor to comply with your requests as soon as reasonably possible, but please note that changes requested of us may not be effective immediately. Unless required by law, we are not responsible for informing third parties with whom we have already shared your information of any changes requested pursuant to this section, or for removing information from or causing information to be removed from the databases or records of such entities.

 **6\. IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES**

 _Permission To Contact You._ When you provide us with information in connection with a particular activity or otherwise sign up for our Services or provide your contact information, including an email address or telephone number in connection with that activity, product or service, you agree that this action constitutes a purchase or inquiry establishing a business relationship with us. You expressly consent to our communicating with you future information about our Services using the information you provided to us. You also attest that you have the legal authority over any email address or telephone number you provide to us and can provide us with the authorization to contact you. This means we may contact you, in person or by recorded message, by e-mail, telephone and/or mobile telephone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your computer, wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving, in accordance with law.

 _Links To Other Sites._ To the extent hyperlinks, widgets or similar code may be utilized on our Services to access external or third-party sites or applications, you should be aware that these external or third-party sites are not controlled by us and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check the privacy policies of those third-party sites or applications to determine how your personal information will be utilized by the proprietors.

 _Security._ We implement security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. However, despite our efforts, no system can completely guaranty that there will never be unauthorized access to your personal information, and your use of the Services indicates that you are willing to assume this risk.

 _Your California Privacy Rights._ California Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge. To make such a request, please contact us at Petcha.com, 3 Burroughs, Irvine, CA 92618. For all requests, you must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state and zip code. In the body of your request, please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you. You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, mail or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly or that do not have complete information.

 _Jurisdiction And Cross-Border Issues._ We do not represent or warrant that our Services are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Services do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. We may limit access to our Services, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion. By using our Services and submitting any personal information, you consent to the transfer of personal information to other countries, such as the United States, which may provide a level of data security different from your country of residence. You are also consenting to the application of United States law in all matters concerning the Services.

 _Children’s Privacy._ The Services are directed to a general audience and we restrict the use of our Services to individuals age 18 and above. We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 18 years of age, and if we obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 18 years of age, we will take steps to remove that user’s personal information from our systems. If you become aware that anyone under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us as set forth in Section 7, “Contacting Us.”

 _No Rights Of Third Parties._ This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the Services.

 _Changes To The Privacy Policy._ We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. You agree that we may notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a notice on the Services. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on the Services, with the “Effective Date” posted at the top of the Policy. You should check the Services frequently for updates. By accessing the Services after the Effective Date you are deemed to consent to our then-current privacy policy.

### THIRD PARTIES PROVIDERS OF ANALYTICS TOOLS

This is a list of third parties we have hired to provide us information, reports and analysis about the usage and browsing patterns of users of the Services, their privacy policies, and, if applicable, opt-out options to enable you to opt out of their respective programs.

Google <http://www.google.com/policies/privacy>,  
<https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/>

Yieldbot <http://www.yieldbot.com/privacy>

Criteo <http://www.criteo.com/privacy/>

Comscore <http://direct.comscore.com/PrivacyPolicy.aspx>

Alexa <http://www.alexa.com/help/privacy>

Navito [http://www.nativo.net](http://www.nativo.net/)/

### EXAMPLES OF TRACKING TOOLS

 **Cookies.** A cookie is a data file placed on a device when the device is used to visit the Services. We use cookies to collect information for record-keeping purposes and to make it easier to navigate the Services. Cookies are stored on users’ hard drives. We use both “session ID cookies” and “persistent cookies.” Session ID cookies are used to store information while a user is logged into the Services and expire when the user closes his/her browser. Persistent cookies are used to make tasks like logging into the Services easier for returning users by remembering a user’s login information. Persistent cookies stay on a user’s hard drive from one session to the next. Flash cookies, known as local shared objects, are data files placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built in or downloaded by you to your Device to personalize your visit. Our third-party service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from standard browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to our web pages. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a persistent or session cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off such cookies through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. However, cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, please click [www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html). If you choose to disable cookies on your Device, some features of the Services may not function properly.

 **Web Beacons/GIFS.** Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in our web pages and messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to our Services, to monitor how users navigate the Services, to count how many sent e-mails were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.

 **Embedded Scripts.** An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device used to access Services from our web server or a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Services, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.

 **HTML5.** We use HTML5 in some of our applications, including in our mobile website for the iPhone or iPad. HTML5 has browser web storage that does not rely on traditional browser cookies. Like Flash cookies, HTML5 cookies are not stored in a browser “cookies” file and, like Flash cookies, can be used to track users across websites. To our knowledge there is currently no known way for a user of a mobile device to remove HTML5 tracking and storage.

 **e-tags/cache browers/web logs.** Like most standard website servers, we log IP addresses (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet) and device identification in order to improve security, analyze trends and administer the Services. We may track your movement within the Services, the pages from which you were referred, access times and browser types. This information may include the browser you are using, the Internet address from which you linked to our Services, the operating system of your computer, the unique IP address of the computer or device identification from the mobile device that you used to access our Services and usage and browsing habits. We use this information in the aggregate to gauge the effectiveness, usage, and popularity of our Services, track information for statistical purposes, help diagnose and troubleshoot server malfunctions, analyze trends, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information. We may also use individual information we collect through web logs to send you targeted offers and other communications.
