> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dogeared.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161125045820id_/http%3A//www.dogeared.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Dogeared

This Web site is owned by Dogeared, Inc. (Dogeared). We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and used. We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. The following policies are only in effect for the Web pages, newsletters, discussion lists and opt-in announcement lists owned and operated by Dogeared. This Privacy Policy is intended to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in effect, including without limit laws and regulations of the United States and Canada. The following discloses our Privacy Policy. 

  1. WHAT INFORMATION IS BEING COLLECTED, AND HOW ARE WE COLLECTING IT?  
We only collect personally identifiable information about you via this Website when you provide it in connection with a request for a product, service or information. For example, if you decide to place an order, we will ask you for your delivery and billing address, phone number(s), e-mail address, credit card number and its expiration date. When you submit your personally identifiable information on this Website, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Dogeared may use the information that you provide to fulfill your request for a product, information, delivery, or other service, or respond to an e-mail or other request, as well as to create and deliver to you, with your consent, our newsletters or surveys, communications containing product information, usage tips or promotions, requests for helping improve our Website(s) or services, or to customize visitors' experience at our Website(s). We do not share your credit card or other account information with unaffiliated third parties unless you authorize us to do so, or if it is necessary to fulfill our responsibilities including, but not limited to, delivering a product or service that you order. **If you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing communications from us or from third parties, please see Section 7 below.** If you would prefer that we not collect any personally identifiable information from you, please do not provide us with any such information. 

We may also collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of this Website, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular. Information gathered may be used in aggregate form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans. We may share or transfer such aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees and partners. This Website is intended for adults. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. However, if the parent or guardian of a child under 13 believes that the child has provided us with personally identifiable information, the parent or guardian of that child should [contact us](https://web.archive.org/CustomerService-ContactUs) if they want this information deleted from our files so that it is not in retrievable form. If we otherwise obtain knowledge that we have personally identifiable information about a child under 13 in retrievable form in our files, we will delete that information from our existing files so that it is not retrievable. 

  2. ENSURING YOUR SECURITY  
Your credit card information is protected. Our Internet connections are encrypted, and thus protect all credit card ordering information, including your name, address and credit card number, so it cannot be read in transit. We use secure technology, privacy protection controls, and restrictions on employee access, to safeguard your personal information. 
  3. SAFE SHOPPING ASSURANCE  
We assure you that every online transaction you make will be 100% safe. This means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping on our Website. It is determined that under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. 
  4. TECHNOLOGY UTILIZED  
There are two commonly used technologies used on this site, clear GIFs and “cookies.” We use these to monitor the performance of the site and to measure its effectiveness. Cookies are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We do not use cookies to obtain any personally identifying information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent this. Please be assured that accepting a cookie does not give us access to your computer or personal information under any circumstances. If you disable cookies, you may be unable to order or use other features of our sites. If you experience any problems, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/CustomerService-ContactUs). Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. Clear GIFs are not tied to users' personally identifiable information. 
  5. THIRD PARTIES  
We may rely on other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: data analysis firms, customer support specialists, web hosting companies and fulfillment companies (e.g. companies that fill product orders or coordinate mailings). We may share personally identifiable information with such third parties as appropriate for them to perform their functions, but they may not use such information for any other purpose. We do not share personally identifiable information with other direct marketers. If you do not want to receive e-mail marketing communications, see Section 7 below for opt-out information. 
  6. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES  
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. We encourage you to periodically consult this Privacy Policy for any revisions or updates. 
  7. E-MAIL MARKETING  
We want to communicate with you via e-mail correspondence only if you want to hear from us and you provide your consent. When you purchase a Dogeared product, we may from time to time send you e-mail messages describing new products, special offers, and other communications subject to all applicable laws and regulations. If for any reason you would no longer like to receive e-mail marketing messages from Dogeared, you can visit our [unsubscribe](https://web.archive.org/preferences.html) section to remove yourself from our e-mailing list even if you have previously provided your consent. Please allow up to 10 days for us to process your request. 

Please Note: If you decide not to receive marketing e-mails from Dogeared, you may still receive “transactional” e-mail messages regarding the purchase or delivery of your order (e.g. order confirmation, shipping information, customer service notifications, etc.). If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact our [Privacy](mailto:privacy@dogeared.com) department. 


**Dogeared, Inc.**  
6047 Bristol Parkway  
Culver City, CA 90230  
[1(888) 846-0444](tel:+18888460444)
