> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dogfriendly.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20020602090002id_/http%3A//www.dogfriendly.com/server/general/corp/privacy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DogFriendly.com - Privacy Policy

**OVERVIEW**

DogFriendly.com will only collect personally identifiable information about an individual visitor when it is supplied voluntarily by the visitor. In these cases, the information will be used by DogFriendly.com only for the stated purpose of requesting the information. If DogFriendly.com needs further personal information then the visitor will be explicitly asked for that information. Personally identifiable information (defined as: name, e-mail, address and phone number) will not be disclosed to outside parties unless visitors approve.

 **LINKS** DogFriendly.com provides visitors with links to relevent third party web sites. DogFriendly.com does not have any control over these linked sites, each of which is responsible for its own privacy and data collection policy. This is true even if the site has some affiliation with DogFriendly.com. DogFriendly.com assumes no responsibility or liability for the the privacy policies of these sites. You access these third party web sites at your own risk. **SURVEYS AND CONTESTS** DogFriendly.com may ask people to enter contact or demographic information voluntarily for use with surveys or contests. The contact information will be used to contact the person when necessary. Demographic information is also collected at times. This information may be shared with advertisers on a group basis. No personal individual information will be shared. Please be aware that our surveys and contest entries are NOT ENCRYPTED and thus are less secure than financial transactions. **COOKIES** Our site may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard disk for record keeping purposes. These cookies will not contain personal information but may be used to provide you more specific information when you visit the web site. 

**IP ADDRESSES**

An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. All computer identification on the Internet is conducted with IP addresses. DogFriendly.com  collects IP addresses in order to have available information available on site use trends and to report such informaton to  advertisers and the like. When you read a web page on the site, your IP address is logged. These IP addresses are not associated with any personal information by DogFriendly.com. We may use this information to identify a visitor who violates site policies or threatens our site operation in any way.

**AD SERVICES** DogFriendly.com may utilize third party advertising services. DogFriendly.com will not share personal information with these services. DogFriendly.com may share group demographic information with these services or advertisers. These advertising services may also place a cookie on your computer for their own purposes of ad tracking and presentation of ads. DogFriendly.com does not control the operation or content of the third party ad services and this policy does not cover them. We will provide a link on this page to the home page of such third party ad services when they are in use on the site and you are encouraged to review their privacy policies directly.  DogFriendly.com assumes no responsibility or liability for the the privacy policies of these ad agencies.

Ad Services provided by: Advertising.com - 

[www.advertising.com](http://www.advertising.com/)[](http://www.everyone.net/) **USER GROUPS, FORUMS, NEWSGROUPS AND CHAT ROOMS** DogFriendly.com may provide its users with chat rooms, newsgroups, message boards or the like. Any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should be cautious with disclosing any personal information here. Be aware that this information is visible to the public  and any third party can collect email addresses or other information for any purpose. DogFriendly.com has no control over such use and assumes no responsibility or liability for information placed in these public forums.

**SECURITY** The DogFriendly.com server has security measures in place to guard against the misuse of the information under our control. All financial transactions are done on an encrypted server to protect financial information. Contests and Surveys are not usually done on an encrypted server and are thus less secure than financial transactions.

**CONTACT INFORMATION** If you would like to contact us about our privacy policy,  
.    
  
Before you visit an establishment or place, please contact them and verify that they are still dog-friendly and available, as policies and management change frequently. The information on this site is not a recommendation. DogFriendly.com, Inc. makes no warranties or representations of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. If you find an establishment that no longer allows dogs, please let us know so we can remove them from our list. For full Rules and Regulations for Use of This Site, including the legal disclaimer, [please click here](http://www.dogfriendly.com/server/general/corp/copyright.shtml). Copyright © 1997-2002, All Rights Reserved, DogFriendly.com, Inc. (TM)  

