> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the doggyspace.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111104153959id_/http%3A//www.doggyspace.com/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Doggyspace.com

**Policies, Revisions, Notices**   
Your use of the Site, including any disputes arising from it, is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all dispute resolution provisions therein, including arbitration, limitation on damages and choice of law. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use at any time. Non-material changes and clarifications will take effect immediately, and material changes will take effect within 30 days of their posting on this site. If we make changes, we will post them. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or through notice on our home page. We encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy. Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account.

**Information Collected By Us**   
Your visit to the Site provides us with personal information you choose to share, and Site use information collected by the Site as you use it. We require customers who register to use the services offered on our Site to give us contact information, such as their name, address, phone number, and e-mail address.   
When you select to purchase a premium subscription or other product or service from our site, we collect your financial information such as your credit card number. This information is processed by us and by our banking services provider only, and none of your sensitive information is shared with any other third parties. You have the option to set up you and your pet’s profile on the Site, and to send messages, search for information, form groups, set up events, and transmit information. We collect this information so that we can provide you service and offer personalized features. In most cases, we retain it so that you can find it again. When you update information, we may keep the prior version for a period of time.

You post user content on the Site at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users or visitors who may see your information. We cannot guarantee that content you post will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. If a user chooses to post personally-identifiable information to our website, it may be used by other users of the website to contact you. We are not responsible for the personally-identifiable information a user chooses to post to our website in their profile pages, You understand and acknowledge that copies of removed content may remain viewable in cached/archived pages or if stored by others.

When you visit and enter the Site, we collect your browser type and IP address. We also store information from your browser using "cookies," pieces of data stored on your computer that is tied to information about the user. For example, we may use a persistent cookie that stores your login ID (but not your password) to make it easier for you to login when you return. You can manage use of cookies through your browser settings.

If you choose to use a service on our site to tell someone about the Site, we will ask you for information needed to send the invitation, such as your friend's email address. We store this information to send this one-time invitation, and to track the success of our referral program. By using the Site, you are consenting to have your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States and elsewhere.

**Children Under 13**   
The Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. 

**Use of Information**  
When you register on our site, your name, email and profile information are available to us and to the other users of our site to allow you to connect with other people. Profile information you submit to DoggySpace.com will be available to users and visitors of DoggySpace.com. Your Site user name and other information will be available to us, and to users and visitors of the Site, and limited pieces of information may be made available to third party search engines. This is primarily so your friends and family and other dog owners can find your dog’s pages.  All content posted in the site’s community areas is public, including user-created pages and content added to those pages. Where you submit information to the Site, you generally cannot remove such communications.  
We may occasionally use your name and email address to send you notifications regarding new services offered by or through DoggySpace.com.  DoggySpace.com may send you announcements from time to time. For instance, if someone sends you a message, if someone posts on a forum in response to you, or if there is a dog show coming to your area, you may receive an email alerting you. These emails are not promotional in nature and you generally cannot opt out of these communications. Your information is used by DoggySpace.com primarily to be presented to others permitted to view that information. 

**Sharing Information**  
DoggySpace.com is about sharing information with you, and with your friends, family, and other dog lovers.  We may provide information to service providers with which we partner to bring you services. Specifically, we may use third parties to facilitate our business, such as to host or co-host our computer servers, or to send out emails.  These third parties are not authorized to use your personally identifiable information for their promotional purposes.

We may be required to disclose user information in response to legal requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or as required by law or regulation, but we do not disclose information without a belief that such a request meets applicable legal standards. Additionally, we may share account or other information when we believe it is necessary to comply with law, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity, or to prevent imminent bodily harm. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies.

. We sometimes run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address), and we may ask additional optional survey information (like product preferences). We will use information from contest entries to contact you if you win, and names of contest winners will be made available upon request, as required by law. We may use survey information for aggregate analysis of our contest entrants. Your choice of whether to participate in a contest will have no effect on your ability to access or use the rest of our website. We may offer products or services jointly with other companies. You will be able to tell when another company is involved, and we may share customer information with that company in connection with your interest in such products or services

If the ownership of all or substantially all of the Company changes, your information may be transferred to the new owner. In any such event, we shall notify you by a prominent notice in this area of our site.  
We may disclose general, non-identifying information about you to third parties for purposes such as aggregating users’ and visitors’ Site behavior and preferences, and personalizing advertisements and promotions that support DoggySpace.com.

**Advertising**   
Advertisements that appear on the Site are sometimes delivered to our users by third party advertisers. Those third parties automatically receive your IP address when this happens. Such advertisers may also download cookies to your computer, or use other technologies such as JavaScript and "web beacons" to track the effectiveness of their ads and/or to customize ad content. This allows the advertisers to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement, to collect information about where your computer or browser saw their advertisements, and to determine which advertisements are clicked. DoggySpace.com does not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third party advertisers. Third party advertisers have no access to your contact information stored on DoggySpace.com unless you choose to share it with them.  This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by DoggySpace.com and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by any of its advertisers.

DoggySpace.com contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. Please be aware when you leave the Site to read the privacy statements of each site. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by DoggySpace.com.  
 If you use a bulletin board, blog, or chat room on this website, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the presence or the use of personally identifiable information that you choose to submit in these forums.

**Security**   
DoggySpace.com takes reasonable precautions to protect our users' information. Account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. If you enter information such as a credit card number or your password, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Email and instant messaging are not regarded as secure media, so please do not send private information to us by email or instant messaging services. If you have any security questions, please contact us by mail at DoggySpace.com Privacy Officer, DoggySpace.com, LLC., 725 Jackson Street, Suite 216, Fredericksburg, Virginia 22401

To access, change or update your information, access your account pages and profile by signing into your account on our Site. 
