> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dogspot.in privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150430030233id_/http%3A//www.dogspot.in/shop-policy.php%23privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DogSpot Shop Policy | Cancellation |Refund and Return | Privacy Policy

  


### Privacy Policy 

PetsGlam Service Pvt Ltd or DogSpot.in (“DogSpot)” will only disclose your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you decline to submit personal information to us, then we will unfortunately not be in a position to provide the Services to you. 

Any of your personal information which you provide when you use DogSpot.in in an unencrypted manner and/or to an open, public environment or forum including (without limitation) any blog, chat room, albums, community, classifieds or discussion board, is not confidential, does not constitute Personal Information, and is not subject to protection under Privacy Policy.

Since such public environments are accessible by third parties, it is possible that third parties may collect and collate and use such information for their own purposes. You should accordingly be careful when deciding to share any of your Personal Information in such public environments. 

DogSpot is not liable to you or any third party for any damages that you or any third party may suffer howsoever arising from your disclosure of Personal Information in any public environment. Disclose your personal information in a public environment at your own risk. 

**The Information DogSpot may collect**

  1. **User-provided Information:** When you register for, browse and use the Website, you may provide to DogSpot "identity information" (such as your name, email address, address, home or mobile telephone number etc.). You may also be able to add a picture of yourself.
  2. If you decide to register through or otherwise grant access to a third party, social networking or authentication service that we may make available (" **Authentication Service** "), such as Facebook Connect or Google, DogSpot may also collect any such "identity information" that you have provided to the Authentication Service from the account you have with the Authentication Service.
  3. Details of transactions by your Facebook friends and other Facebook users generated by you through our Service.
  4. If you choose to provide such information, during registration or otherwise, you are giving DogSpot the permission to use and store it consistent with this policy. Therefore, please understand that when you sign in with DogSpot, you are not anonymous to us. 



**IP Addresses and cookies**  
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. We may also collect such information from your Facebook friends and other Facebook users who use the Service. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.

  * Please note that our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control.



**The Way DogSpot Uses Information**

  1. DogSpot uses the information that you provide or that we collect in order to establish and enhance our relationship with you. DogSpot generally uses the information you provide or that we collect to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features and services found on the Website. If you have given DogSpot consent, we may use your personally identifiable information to provide you with information about DogSpot's features, services and other offerings that may be of interest to you. We may also send information or offers to groups of users on behalf of other businesses. 



**When DogSpot Discloses Information**

  1. **Social Networks:**  DogSpot will disclose your personal information if you have explicitly agreed that we may do so. In particular, we will disclose personal information where you have elected to connect your account on our Website to a social network or other similar service (e.g., Facebook or Google), or have elected to have your activity on our Website published to a social network or other similar service (e.g., Facebook or Google). To control the information that you share, you should review and, if appropriate, modify your privacy settings on such services.
  2. **Required by Law:**  DogSpot may also disclose user information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and other governing bodies.
  3. **Merger or Acquisition:**  In the event that DogSpot is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
  4. **Other Purposes:**  DogSpot also reserves the right to disclose user information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; protect DogSpot from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of the Website; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of DogSpot, our Users, or others.



**Contact Us**  
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:  
PetsGlam Services Pvt Ltd   
Plot no - 545, S.Lal Tower  
Sector - 20, Dundahera  
Gurgaon 122016  
Haryana, India   
Telephone No.: +91-9212196633  
E-Mail ID: contact@dogspot.in

  


* * *

### Pricing Information

While **Dogspot.in** strives to provide accurate product and pricing information, pricing or typographical errors may occur. Dogspot.in cannot confirm the price of a product until after you order. In the event that a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error in pricing or product information, **Dogspot.in** shall have the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that product, unless the product has already been dispatched. In the event that an item is mis-priced, **Dogspot.in** may, at its discretion, either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. Unless the product ordered by you has been dispatched, your offer will not be deemed accepted and **Dogspot.in** will have the right to modify the price of the product and contact you for further instructions using the e-mail address provided by you during the time of registration, or cancel the order and notify you of such cancellation. In the event that **Dogspot.in** accepts your order the same shall be debited to your credit card account and duly notified to you by email that the payment has been processed. The payment may be processed prior to **Dogspot.in** dispatch of the product that you have ordered. If we have to cancel the order after we have processed the payment, the said amount will be reversed back to your credit card account.

* * *

### Shipping & Delivery Policy for Products 

We ship only in India and for domestic (India) buyers, orders are shipped through registered domestic courier companies and /or speed post only. Orders are shipped within 10 working days or as per the delivery date agreed at the time of order confirmation and delivering of the shipment subject to Courier Company / post office norms. PetsGlam Services Pvt Ltd (DogSpot.in) is not liable for any delay in delivery by the courier company / postal authorities and only guarantees to hand over the consignment to the courier company or postal authorities within 10 working days from the date of the order and payment or as per the delivery date agreed at the time of order confirmation. Delivery of all orders will be to registered address of the buyer as per the credit/debit card only at all times (Unless specified at the time of Order). PetsGlam Services Pvt Ltd (DogSpot.in) is in no way responsible for any damage to the order while in transit to the buyer. 

Shipping Charge of Rs.49 is applicable on every order.  
Rs. 50  applicable  for Cash On Delivery (COD) payment method.  
In India, some state governments levies the Octroi charges when the product enters the state.   
Dear Customer: COD facility is available for Order Value under INR 8000/-   
**The Octroi charge is payable by the recipient at the time of delivery**. The courier will collect the Octroi amount from the recipient at the time of delivery.

* * *

### Order Cancellation 

All order cancellations will be handled as per our Standard Cancellation Policy 

**Cancellation by Dogspot.in:**  
Please note that there may be certain orders that we are unable to accept and must cancel. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. Some situations that may result in your order being canceled include limitations on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies or errors in product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud avoidance department. We may also require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. We will contact you if all or any portion of your order is canceled or if additional information is required to accept your order. Cash payment mode orders will be cancelled for non-receipt of cash within 48 hours from the time of placing the order. Cheque payment mode orders will be cancelled if cheque is not deposited or intimation of the same is not given to us within 48 hours from the time of placing the order. 

**Cancellation by Customer:**  
If you cancel your order before your product has shipped, we will refund the entire amount.  
If the cancellation is after your product has shipped, you can do one of the following:

  1. If your product has shipped but has not yet been delivered, contact Customer Support and inform them of the same
  2. If you received the product,it will be eligible for replacement, only in cases where there are defects found with the product.



* * *

### Replacement 

In order to get a defective item replaced, contact Care via [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/contactus.php) Page or call on +91-9212196633, within 30 days from the date of delivery. The defective product or part of the product will be recalled and a replacement will be shipped immediately.

* * *

### Refund and Return 

Definition: 'Return' is defined as the action of giving back the item purchased by the customer to the Seller/DogSpot on the DogSpot website. Following situations may arise:  
1\. Item was defective  
2\. Item was damaged in transit  
3\. Products was / were missing  
4\. Wrong item was received 

Return could also result in refund of money in some of the cases.

We encourage the customer to review the listing before making the purchase decision. In case the customer orders a wrong item, DogSpot/seller shall not be entitled to anyreturn/refund.  
The following RULES apply to this Policy:  
1\. Certain consumableitemswill not be returned or refunded, the list of such items include in case the seal is found to be broken. The list of such items includes food, grooming products, supplements, dog apparel, beds, car seat covers etc   
2\. In case of damaged or any missing product the customer needs to raise the request within 24hours from the time of delivery. Once the customer has raised the request, he/she needs to provide a visual proof (an image) of the damaged product to DogSpot within 3 days from the time of delivery.  
3\. All items to be returned must be unused and in their original condition with all original tags and packaging intact and should not be broken or tampered with.  
4\. In the event the Seller accepts the return request raised by the customer, customer will have to return the product and then the refund shall be credited to the customer’s account.  
5\. Refund will only be processed after a quality check of the product by experts of DogSpot 

Please note that the product should be unused and should be sent back along with original box and invoice to:  
**Customer care**  
**DogSpot.in, Plot no - 545, S.Lal Tower.**  
**Sector - 20, Dundahera**  
**Gurgaon 122016**  
**Haryana, India**

The refund process will be initiated once we have received the product(s). Typically refunds are processed in less than 10 working days but in case of payments by Cheque or DD, it may take a few extra days for the cheque to be delivered to your billing address, and for the funds to be credited to your account, once you deposit the cheque.

* * *
