> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the exact.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150615033947id_/http%3A//www.exact.com/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement | Exact

August 2013

 **Exact Holding N.V., a company registered in The Netherlands with registered number 27234422 whose registered office is at Molengraaffsingel 33, 2629 JD Delft, The Netherlands, along with its subsidiaries, divisions, and affiliates ("Exact"), understands the importance of protecting and safeguarding your privacy when you use our website. This privacy statement tells you about the information Exact may collect on this website, how the information is used, and how you can access and correct certain information that we may collect.**

If you as a visitor choose to register or submit information to Exact via this website (the “Site”), you agree to the use of such data in accordance with this privacy statement. Please note that this Site contains links to other websites, including, without limitation, websites maintained by Exact, and other affiliated entities of Exact. Also note that the Exact may use third parties to host all or portions of, or to assist in maintaining, the Exact websites.

If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, or do not feel that your concerns have been addressed, please direct your questions to us using the appropriate email link set forth in the “[Contact Us](http://www.exact.com/contact)” section below.

  1. **Collection of Your Personal Information.** You can access many areas of our website without submitting any personally identifiable information. You may voluntarily choose to provide Exact with identifiable personal data by completing forms, sending emails, or other means as may be provided from time to time on the Site. The personally identifiable information that we would collect from you if you so choose would typically include your name and title, email address, mailing address, telephone and fax numbers, and information about your company. In addition to information that you voluntarily submit, Exact may, at its option, collect additional information about you from third party sources. Personal information collected by Exact will be as reasonably necessary to fulfil your requests and to provide the most relevant, targeted offers and information from Exact and for no other purpose. All such information collected shall be referred to herein as “Personal Information”. 

Furthermore, Exact monitors incoming and outgoing Site traffic data to help diagnose problems with its servers and to administer its Site. Exact also uses this data to assemble broad demographic information about its visitors, customers, and partners in general. 

We do not usually seek sensitive information (for example, data relating to race or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, criminal record, physical or mental health or sexual orientation) from Site visitors. We will, where necessary, obtain your explicit consent to collect and use such information. The following is a list of examples where you may choose to specifically and voluntarily submit Personal Information to Exact through this Site, which Exact may use for each purpose indicated at the time of your submission:

    * Request a copy of Exact’s annual report or other publications;
    * Register for access to certain areas of the Site;
    * Contact us for further information about products, services, events, and programs or to submit questions or comments to Exact;
    * Subscribe to receive newsletters, information, alerts, offers, and other communications;
    * Submit a resume and/or job application for possible employment with Exact;
    * Participate in surveys, quizzes, promotions, and contests as may be available on the Site from time to time; and/or
    * Register for attendance or sponsorship at events and conferences.
  2. **Use of Your Personal Information.** Exact uses Personal Information submitted through the Site to provide a way for customers, partners, customer and partner prospects, and other contacts to communicate with our team. Exact collects the Personal Information from you in order to establish and maintain relationships, and in order to serve you better. When appropriate, Exact may also use the Personal Information separately or in combination with pre-existing information.
  3. By voluntarily submitting your Personal Information, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Statement. In some circumstances, Exact may share Personal Information that you voluntarily submit with trustworthy business partners. We will only use such third party business partners in order to deliver services to us or on our behalf, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.

Personal Information collected on this Site may be stored and processed in the Netherlands, the United States, Canada, or any other country in which Exact (or its affiliates, subsidiaries, and divisions and their respective third party business partners and suppliers) maintain facilities. This may include transfer to countries without data protection rules similar to those in effect in your country of residence. You acknowledge and agree that by providing Personal Information to Exact through this Site, you consent to the transmission of such Personal Information over international borders as necessary for processing your requests.

Due to the existing legal, regulatory, and security environment, Exact may be required, under certain circumstances, to disclose aggregate level and/or personally identifiable information submitted to Exact through the Site. Exact will use reasonable efforts to limit such disclosures to the following circumstances: (i) where Exact believes in good faith that it is required to do so in response to a subpoena or other legal process; (ii) where reasonably required to do so in order to maintain, update or otherwise implement Exact’s data security measures, equipment, technical operations and the like; (iii) where reasonably necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons or entities to preserve and/or enforce Exact’s rights, including but not limited to enforcing the Terms of Use for this Site; (iv) protect and defend the rights or property of Exact; or (v) in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of the public or of users of the Exact products, services, and the Site.

In addition, Exact may also disclose Personal Information in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the Exact business or any part thereof, or as part of a security audit.

  4. **Protection of Your Personal Information.** Exact undertakes substantial efforts to protect the confidentiality of the Personal Information, preferences and other information it has collected through this Site and will never knowingly allow access to this information to anyone outside Exact other than as described herein. Exact has made a substantial investment in its server, database, backup and firewall technologies to protect the information assets of the Exact network, including the confidentiality of Personal Information collected through this Site. These technologies are deployed as part of a sophisticated security architecture and protocol. 

You should also do your part in protecting your information. Your Exact username and any password (if such is provided or enacted) are confidential, and we recommend that you not divulge them to anyone. Unfortunately, due to the nature of the Internet as a public transmission network, neither Exact’s network nor data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect Personal Information that is transmitted to us by you, Exact cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information. Thus, any Personal Information transmitted to us is done so at your own risk. Once we receive Personal Information, Exact undertakes substantial efforts to protect the confidentiality of this information consistent with this Privacy Statement.

  5.  **Cookies.** If you review or download information, we may track the visit through the use of "cookies". Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and you will find cookies at most major websites. Cookies help Exact to tailor information to your preferences and to see which areas of the website are frequented most. Exact never uses cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can change your browser settings to refuse cookies. However, in so doing, you may not be able to fully utilize the Site. Further details on the types of Cookies we use may be found in our [Cookie Statement](http://www.exact.com/cookie-policy).
  6. **Web Beacons.** Pages on this Site may contain electronic images referred to as Web Beacons and also sometimes referred to as single-pixel gifs or clear gifs. The Web Beacons may be used to assist in delivering cookies throughout our Site to track the number of users and Site activity tracking purposes.
  7.  **Links to Other Websites.** This Site may contain links to websites which are owned and operated by third parties and do not operate in accordance with this Privacy Statement. When you link to other websites through this Site, this Privacy Statement and our privacy practices no longer apply. We encourage you to review each website’s privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information. Exact is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third party websites.
  8. **Choices Regarding Use of Personal Information.** Upon voluntarily providing your Personal Information to Exact through this Site, Exact will use your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Should you at any time decide that you do not want to continue to receive electronic communications, you will have the ability to unsubscribe or “opt out” from such communications by means of a link provided in each such communication, or if not provided therein, by sending an email or contacting us at the contact details provided in the ["Contact Us"](http://www.exact.com/contact) section of this Privacy Statement.
  9. **Corrections, Access and Updates to Your Personal Information.** Exact aims to keep your Personal Information as accurate as possible. Should you at any time desire to review, correct or update your Personal Information, you may update your relevant profile or registration (when applicable) or contact us using the contact information outlined in the [Contact Us](http://www.exact.com/contact) section below; Exact will comply with such requests as soon as commercially reasonable or determined by statutory law. In order to ensure the safety of Personal Information, please note you will be subject to providing sufficient evidence of your identity at the time of any such request before any Personal Information records will be made available by Exact.
  10. **Data Retention.** The Personal Information that you submit to Exact will only be retained for as long as required for the purposes for which it was collected or as required by law. Our retention of your Personal Information allows Exact to continue to provide you with highly personalized services without interruption.
  11.  **Changes to this Privacy Statement.** Exact reserves the right to change this policy at any time and without prior notice to you. Please check the Privacy Statement frequently for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Exact will take reasonable measures to notify you if there is a material change in our privacy practices with respect to use of the information you have provided to Exact. Exact will conspicuously post these changes in our Privacy Policy. Exact also will post a message on the homepage of its Site that states that the Privacy Policy has been changed, and will provide a link to the Privacy Policy. 



**Contact Us**  
Exact welcomes questions or comments about this Privacy Statement. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, or should you wish to modify or discontinue information or communications that you receive in accordance with this Privacy Statement, please enter [this form](http://www.exact.com/contact) with all relevant details. 
