> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pull-ups.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090619220335id_/http%3A//www.pull-ups.com/na/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PULL-UPS® Potty Training Pants - Privacy Policy

This web site is owned and operated by Kimberly-Clark Corporation. At Kimberly-Clark, we recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide and how we treat that information. Our Privacy Policy addresses those concerns. We may update the Policy from time to time, so please check in occasionally. There are specific regulatory requirements regarding online privacy protection for children under age 13. Please see the information under "Children" below.

At our sites, we collect personally identifiable information and aggregated information which is not personally identifiable. We do not collect personally identifiable information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. You can visit our sites without telling us who you are or revealing information about yourself. However, if you give us personally identifiable information, such as, by asking to be put on our mailing list, we may contact you from time to time.

Information is collected from you directly and with your knowledge. There are some features of our site that require you to sign up to use. And if you do sign up, we use the information you supply for the purpose of providing the products, product information or services you request. And, we add your name and address to our mailing list. If you do not wish to receive our mailings, please notify us by writing to: Kimberly-Clark, PO Box 520, Carlisle, IA 50047-0520 or by [Contacting Us](https://web.archive.org/web/20090619220335id_/http%3A//www.pull-ups.com/na/contact_us.aspx).

We occasionally share name and street address information from our mailing list with carefully selected companies (“partners”) whose offers may be of interest to you. However, consumer or customer telephone numbers, email addresses or credit card information are never shared. You may instruct us not to use your information at any time by [Contacting Us](https://web.archive.org/web/20090619220335id_/http%3A//www.pull-ups.com/na/contact_us.aspx) or by calling: 1-800-665-9773, or sending postal mail to: Kimberly-Clark, PO Box 520, Carlisle, IA 50047-0520. Our partners are prohibited from using personal information for other purposes, and they are required to maintain the information in confidence.

Our site sometimes includes notices of sweepstakes or other promotions we are conducting, and we may permit you to send your entry electronically in some cases. If that occurs, we will use the information you provide for the purpose of conducting the promotion (i.e., to contact you if you're a winner).

Kimberly-Clark offers online newsletters on a variety of topics. For example, by becoming a member of HUGGIES® Baby Network ([www.huggiesbabynetwork.com](http://www.huggiesbabynetwork.com/)) or opting in to our mailing list, you will receive our newsletters and may receive additional promotional materials from HUGGIES® Brand via postal mail. See above: How Information is Collected.

Kimberly-Clark is committed to protecting the online privacy of children and making the internet safe. Our Policy and practices reflect applicable laws and regulations on children's privacy. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. Any communication we get that is identified as being from a child under 13 will not be kept by Kimberly-Clark. We encourage parents or guardians of children under 13 to regularly check and monitor their children’s use of email and other activities online.

Like many companies, we use "cookie" technology on our web sites. Cookies are information stored on your computer by your browser to save your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. When you log in, the cookie tells us whether you've visited us before or are a new visitor. The cookie doesn't obtain any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie doesn't extract any information from your computer. We do use the cookie to help us identify site features in which you have the greatest interest so that we can provide more of what you may want.

We use the services of NetIQ/WebTrends to track the paths our customers take through our site. In doing so, we are better able to see where our customers go within our site and ensure our site is easy to navigate. If you have any questions concerning NetIQ/WebTrends, then you should refer to the [NetIQ/WebTrends](http://ondemand.webtrends.com/privacypolicy.asp) Reporting Service Privacy Policy to learn how they collect and use information, particularly the section of the Policy on Privacy Statement for Visitors to Sites Tracked by WebTrends on Demand.

We use pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files are provided by our ad management partner, DoubleClick. These files enable DoubleClick to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The cookie was placed by us, or by another advertiser who works with DoubleClick. With both cookies and Spotlight technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. For more information about DoubleClick, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go to the [DoubleClick Privacy Policy](http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/index.aspx).

If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us via [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/web/20090619220335id_/http%3A//www.pull-ups.com/na/contact_us.aspx) or phone us at 1-800-665-9773. For postal mail, please write to us at:

Kimberly-Clark Corporation  
P.O. Box 2020  
Neenah, WI 54957-2020
