> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eon.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180202111316id_/https%3A//www.eon.com/en/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 8 Privacy

**Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how you use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. By using IP anonymity, Google will truncate the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area prior to transmission to, and storage in the USA. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA.

On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use such information to analyze your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities for website operators, and to offer further services to the operator of this website related to the use of the website and the internet. For this purpose, Google uses pseudonyms. The IP address sent by your browser by Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google.

**Mouseflow**

This website uses Mouseflow, a web analytics service provided by Mouseflow ApS, Flæsketorvet 68, 1711 Copenhagen, Denmark. Mouseflow tracks randomly selected visits to the site (using anonymized IP addresses only) by recording mouse movements and clicks. This helps us identify potential ways to improve the site. The information collected is not personally identifiable and is not disclosed to third parties. If you prefer your visit not to be tracked, you can opt out of Mouseflow on all websites that use it by following this link:  
<https://mouseflow.com/opt-out/>

**Google Tag Manager**

This website uses Google Tag Manager. Google Tag Manager is a solution operated by Google Inc., that allows marketed website tags to be managed using an interface. The Tag Manager tool itself (which implements the tags) is a cookie-less domain and does not register personal data. The tool causes other tags to be activated which may, for their part, register data under certain circumstances. Google Tag Manager does not access this information. If recording has been deactivated on domain or cookie level, this setting will remain in place for all tracking tags implemented with Google Tag Manager.

**Objection to tracking**

The collection and storage of data for web analysis can be excluded for future visits at any time. Users will nevertheless be able to continue using the website in full. Clicking on the ‘Tracking Opt-Out’ button will completely stop the tracking. In order for the objection to also apply to future visits, your browser has to accept permanent cookies.

  
You may refuse the storage of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser; however, please note that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

Furthermore, you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at

<http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de>

**Use of IP address**

Every computer and device connected to the Internet is assigned a unique number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. Since these numbers are usually assigned in country-based blocks, an IP address can often be used to identify the country, state, and city from which a computer is connecting to the Internet. Google Analytics collects the IP address of website visitors in order to provide website owners a sense of where in the world their visitors come from. This method is known as IP geotargeting.

Google Analytics does not report the actual IP address information to Google Analytics customers. Additionally, using a method known as IP masking, website owners that use Google Analytics have the option to tell Google Analytics to only use a portion of the IP address, rather than the entire IP address, for geotargeting. Whether or not website owners use Google Analytics, they have access to IP addresses for visitors to their sites.

**Cookies**

The website [www.eon.com](https://www.eon.com/) uses co-called session cookies to offer users more comfort. For example, session-cookies make it possible for visitors to E.ON websites to complete a brochure request without having to re-enter their own data even after interrupting the process by visiting another page. There is also a session cookie used for web analytics.

Randomly selected users are asked if they would like to participate in a user satisfaction survey. A permanent cookie records whether they decline or participate so that the request is not shown to them again at a later point in time.

**Permanent cookies used on  [eon.com](https://www.eon.com/)**  
  
---  
  
**Name**

| 

**From Domain**

| 

**Duration**

| 

**Purpose**  
  
donottrack

| 

[eon.com](https://www.eon.com/)

| 

12 months

| 

Recording opt-out  
  
eon_survey

| 

myaudience.de  

| 

12 months

| 

Recognition of participation in a user survey  
  
  |   |   |   |   |    
  
Most browsers are set by default to accept cookies automatically, but you can deactivate automatic acceptance of cookies or alter the settings of your browser to prompt you before cookies are accepted. Users who do not accept cookies may be unable to access certain parts of our website.

**Security**

E.ON SE undertakes precautionary measures to protect your data from loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation and unauthorized access. In doing so, E.ON SE does, of course, comply with all of the Federal Republic of Germany's data privacy requirements.

**Minors**

E.ON SE strongly advises all parents and guardians to teach their children safe and responsible handling of personal data on the Internet. Minors should not transmit any personal data to E.ON SE's website without the permission of their parents or guardians! E.ON SE assures that it will never knowingly collect personal data from minors nor use it in any way or disclose it to third parties without authorization.

**Links to Other Websites**

This Data Privacy Declaration applies to E.ON SE's website at [www.eon.com](https://www.eon.com/). For further information about the specific data protection measures implemented by other E.ON companies, please refer to the individual company websites. The pages on this website may contain links to other providers within and outside of the E.ON Group not covered by this Data Privacy Statement. When you leave E.ON SE's website, it is recommended to carefully read the data protection guidelines of every website that collects personal data.

**Integration of social networks**

On the website [eon.com](https://www.eon.com/), we integrate the contents of our official channels on Facebook, Google+, Twitter and YouTube at various points. The companies that operate the social networks (Facebook Inc., Twitter Inc., Google Inc., YouTube, LLC) are therefore able to determine which contents you have visited at [eon.com](https://www.eon.com/). The operators of the social networks can assign the information to your account, especially if you are logged onto one of the above-mentioned pages with your personal profile at the same time.

To prevent operators of the above social networks from collecting the above data by you visiting our Internet pages, log off from whatever social network you are using before you visit our website. To prevent general access by YouTube to your data on our or other websites, you can disable social plugins by using an add-on for your browser (e.g. [https://disconnect.me](https://disconnect.me/))

**Right to Information**

If you have questions concerning how your personal data is processed, please feel free to contact us under [datenschutz@eon.com](mailto:datenschutz@eon.com "Link opens in a new window").

Upon request, you will be informed - in writing and pursuant to applicable legislation - which of your personal data, if any, E.ON SE has collected via its webpages.
