> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bharathautomobiles.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080618150455id_/http%3A//www.bharathautomobiles.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to BharathAutomobiles.com! India's No 1 Auto Portal

Welcome to BharathAutomobiles.com web site, our objective is to make this site a one-stop web site for customers in India looking for new or used automobiles. We have tried our best to have accurate information, but there could be some errors in the catalogs due to human errors in data entry. Should you encounter any errors please inform us by email at webmaster@BharathAutomobiles.com. 

Warranty & Liability: BharathAutomobiles.com or its owner(s) will not be liable for any damages from use of any products. We can not warrant on any information provided by the users on this web site. No Liability: In no event shall BharathAutomobiles.com be liable for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of the information made available on this web site. 

We can be reached via e-mail at webmaster@BharathAutomobiles.com For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible). We collect the email addresses and other data of the visitors who signup for our service. This is used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site , ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, writing to us at the above address. From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, writing to us at the above address. From time to time, we make our customer e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, writing to us at the above address. If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from other reputable companies. You can, however, update your profile and remove the telephone number.

With respect to Ad Servers: 

To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically, we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward . Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing us at the above address. 

With respect to security: 

We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or webmaster@BharathAutomobiles.com. No part of this web site can be reproduced in any form without the prior written approvel by BharathAutomobiles.com ©2001 BharathAutomobiles.com. All rights reserved 
