> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myjibo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-04-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160410164819id_/https%3A//www.jibo.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# JIBO

Jibo has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. We may amend this statement from time to time. If we make any substantial changes to the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our website.

#### 1\. Collection of Personally Identifiable Information

Jibo does not collect any personal information (personally identifiable information) on the Jibo website, except in cases where a visitor offers it voluntarily for the purpose of receiving additional information or registering for a service. We use this information solely to respond to and process the request.

#### 2\. Payment Processing

Jibo uses Braintree, a division of PayPal, Inc. (“Braintree”) for payment processing services. By using the Braintree payment processing services, you agree to the [Braintree Payment Services Agreement](https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/gateway-agreement), and the applicable [ bank agreement](https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/cea-wells). If you have questions regarding the Braintree Payment Services Agreement or the applicable bank agreement, please contact Braintree by telephone at 877.434.2894.

#### 3\. Your Consent

We collect, use and disclose your personal information with your consent or as permitted or required by law. Your consent may be express or implied, depending on the circumstances and the sensitivity of the personal information in question. If you provide personal information about another person to us, we assume you have the consent of that individual to enable us to collect, use, or disclose their information as described in this policy. If you choose to provide personal information to Jibo, we assume that you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this privacy statement.

When you submit personal information to Jibo, you understand and agree that Jibo and its partners and trusted vendors may transfer, store, and process your customer profile in any of the countries in which Jibo conducts business, including without limitation, the United States.

If you do not consent, please do not provide your personal information or, where applicable, exercise the opt-in or opt-out options offered. Subject to legal and contractual requirements and reasonable notice, you may refuse to consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information or you may withdraw your consent to our further collection, use, and disclosure of information about you, by contacting us as indicated in Section 3, below. Note that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information, we may no longer be able to communicate with you as you may have previously requested.

Our server records domain names, including visitor host name, and user name solely for internal purposes intended to improve the user’s experience. This data allows our staff to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of the website, and to make the website more useful to visitors. We do not disclose this information to third parties or permit third parties to set and access cookies on your computer through our site.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Jibo may also use other technologies that use cookies in a similar manner. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

This website uses MailChimp, a service to manage a database of email contacts to communicate with users via email. MailChimp may collect data concerning the date and time when the mail is viewed, as well as when the recipient interacts with incoming mail, such as by clicking on links included in the email. MailChimp is a service provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC d/b/a MailChimp, a State of Georgia limited liability company. Personal Data collected: Email address. Place of processing: United States

When you share or recommend links to content on a third-party platform (such as Facebook, Google+ and Twitter), that action and any information you share will be covered by the privacy policy of that platform.

We have reasonable security measures in place with the goal of protecting against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.

#### Contact

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, our information practices, or your dealings with the Jibo website, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20160410164819id_/https%3A//www.jibo.com/%3C/contact-us):

Jibo, Inc.   
230 Congress Street   
Boston, MA 02110 USA   
Attn: Privacy 

[privacy@myjibo.com](mailto:privacy@myjibo.com)
