> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myjobhelper.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629023419id_/http%3A//www.myjobhelper.co.uk/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Jobs - Employers hiring near | MyJobHelper

**Summary**

Thank you for visiting the MyJobHelper.co.uk website located at [www.myjobhelper.co.uk](http://www.myjobhelper.co.uk/) (the "Site").  The Site is owned and operated by Surfin Mouse LLC, d/b/a MyJobHelper.co.uk and d/b/a MyJobHelper.com, and its affiliated companies ("MyJobHelper.co.uk," "MyJobHelper," "we," "our" or "us").  The following MyJobHelper.co.uk Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") sets forth our policies for the collection, storage and usage of your "Personal Data."  For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Data" means any information concerning the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable individual. This includes information such as your name, your address, your phone number and your email address.    
Please note, MyJobHelper.co.uk is considered the "Data Controller" in connection with the Personal Data collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for purposes of applicable data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").  We only collect, store and use your Personal Data if you have given us your express consent to do so or, in the alternative, to the extent that you have explicitly granted us permission, e.g. pursuant to the contractual relationship between you and MyJobHelper.co.uk.

**Background**

Without limiting the foregoing, this MyJobHelper.co.uk Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") outlines the privacy practices associated with the Site. You agree to this Privacy Policy, in its entirety, when you: (a) access or use the Site; (b) access and/or view any of the Site's viewable blog posts, text, graphics and/or other material (collectively, "Content"); (c) utilize any of the interactive areas of the Site, such as blog and comment sections, that enable users to interact with third parties, as well as MyJobHelper.co.uk personnel ("Interactive Services"); (d) utilize the searchable database ("Database") in order to view job listings ("Listings") as made available by MyJobHelper.co.uk's third party employment advertising partners ("Third Party Employers") (collectively, the "Listing Services"); and/or (e) sign up to receive e-mail from us, including alerts about Listings that meet your preselected criteria (the "E-mail Alert Services," and together with the Site, Content, Interactive Services, Database, Listings and Listing Services, the "Site Offerings").  Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the MyJobHelper.co.uk Terms and Conditions ("Terms and Conditions").  **IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN ITS ENTIRETY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS, DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE OFFERINGS, AS APPLICABLE.**

**If you are a resident of the State of California and would like to opt-out from the disclosure of your Personal Data to any third party for marketing purposes, please e-mail us at privacy@myjobhelper.co.uk. Please be advised that where California residents opt-out from permitting their Personal Data to be shared, such individuals may still receive selected offers directly from us, in accordance with the law.  
**  
**EU-U.S. Privacy** **Shield**

MyJobHelper.co.uk is responsible for the processing of Personal Data that it receives under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. MyJobHelper.co.uk complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of Personal Data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions. 

With respect to Personal Data received ** ** or ** ** transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, MyJobHelper.co.uk is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.   In certain situations, MyJobHelper.co.uk may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at: <https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request>. 

Under certain conditions, more fully described on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield website located at [https://www.privacyshield.gov](https://www.privacyshield.gov/), you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.

**Personal Data Collected**

We collect your Personal Data when you sign up for our E-mail Alert Services. The types of Personal Data that we collect at the Site include, without limitation, your: (a) name; (b) e-mail address; (c) telephone number; and (d) postal address. In conjunction with our partner program, we also collect banking information and Social Security or Tax Identification number. 

**Use of Personal Data**

By submitting your Personal Data on the Site in connection with a job listing inquiry, you agree that we may send you Listings, as well as other e-mail messages describing the types of job opportunities available in your area. If you wish to opt out of the E-mail Alert Services, please follow the unsubscribe directions in the applicable email or contact us at: privacy@myjobhelper.co.uk.

We will share your Personal Data with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from user lists, analyzing data and providing marketing analysis. The agents performing these limited functions on our behalf shall have access to our users' Personal Data solely as needed to perform their functions for us, and we do not permit them to use your Personal Data for other purposes. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, contact us at [privacy@myjobhelper.co.uk](mailto:privacy@myjobhelper.co.uk).   
We will also use your Personal Data for customer service, to provide you with information that you may request and to customize your experience on the Site. We may also use your Personal Data for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our business. We may use third parties to help us operate our business and the Site or to administer activities on our behalf. 

In certain situations, MyJobHelper.co.uk may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We also reserve the right to release current or past user information in the event that: (a) we believe that the user is in violation of the Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy or any other of our operating rules, policies, price schedules and other supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be published by us from time to time; (b) we believe that a particular user may commit unlawful acts; (c) such information is subpoenaed or requested pursuant to a judicial or regulatory proceeding or inquiry; (d) we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others; (e) we are sold, merge with a third party, are acquired or are the subject of bankruptcy proceedings; _provided, however_ , that if MyJobHelper.co.uk is involved in a bankruptcy proceeding, merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Site of any change in ownership or uses of your Personal Data, as well as any choices that you may have regarding your Personal Data; and/or (f) to comply with a legal obligation, including sharing your name/e-mail address with third-parties to assist you with your opt out requests in compliance with applicable law, including the GDPR and the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time-to-time.

**Cookies and Tracking Technologies**

Solely where you agree to the terms of our cookie policy as same is made available when you access the Site, technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts may be used by MyJobHelper.co.uk  and those of our partners who you have provided explicit consent to, including marketing partners, affiliates and/or analytics or service providers. Solely where you have agreed to the terms of this aspect of our cookie policy, our partners may link the Personal Data we share with them to the cookie stored on your browser or device, and they may collect information such as your IP address, browser or operating system type and version, and demographic or inferred-interest information. Solely where you have agreed to the terms of our cookie policy, these technologies will be used in connection with analyzing trends, administering the Site Offerings, tracking users' movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.  In addition, solely where you have agreed to the terms of our cookie policy, our partners will use this information to recognize you across different channels and platforms over time for advertising, analytics, attribution and reporting purposes.  We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.

We also use cookies to remember users' settings, advertisement targeting, and content customization. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. In addition, you can opt-out of allowing us to use cookies in connection with your computer/mobile device at any time by contacting us at: [privacy@myjobhelper.co.uk](mailto:privacy@MyJobHelper.co.uk); _provided, however,_ that certain cookies are strictly necessary to generate the Listings that meet your specified search criteria (such as job type and geographical area).  These cookies are deemed "Necessary Cookies."  If you reject cookies (other than Necessary Cookies), you may still use the Site Offerings, but your ability to use some features of the Site Offerings or areas of the Site may be limited.

**Analytics/Log Files**

As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and/or clickstream data.  We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of the Site Offerings and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience.  We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze usage of the Site Offerings.

**Behavioral Targeting**

We partner with third parties to display advertising on our Site and to manage our advertising on other sites. Solely where you have agreed to the terms of this behavioral tracking policy, our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on the Site and other websites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you would like to opt-out of having this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out at any time by clicking on the cookie consent manager in the lower right hand corner of MyJobHelper.co.uk (visit by [clicking here](https://www.myjobhelper.co.uk/)

 _)_.  Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads, but such ads will not be based on your browsing activity or other analytics. ****

**Local Storage Object**

Solely where you have consented to the use of these local storage object cookies, third parties with whom we partner with to provide certain features on our Site, or to display advertising based upon our users' web browsing activity, use LSOs such as    HTML5 to collect and store information. You can opt-out of allowing us and these third parties to use these local storage object cookies at any time by contacting us at: [privacy@myjobhelper.co.uk](mailto:privacy@MyJobHelper.co.uk).  In addition, various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. 

**Interactive Services**

The Site features Interactive Services, such as publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information that you provide by and through the Interactive Services may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. We are not responsible for the Personal Data that you choose to submit via the Interactive Services.  To request removal of your Personal Data from any Interactive Services forum, please contact us at privacy@myjobhelper.co.uk. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Data from a given Interactive Services forum, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

**Third Party Links**

The Site may contain links to third-party owned and/or operated websites and, where you request information from Third Party Employers, MyJobHelper.co.uk may transfer you directly to the websites of such Third Party Employers. MyJobHelper.co.uk is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. In some cases, you may be required to provide certain information to register or complete a transaction at such website. These third-party websites have separate privacy and data collection practices and MyJobHelper.co.uk has no responsibility or liability relating to them. We do not endorse, nor are we responsible for the accuracy of, the privacy policies and/or terms and conditions of such websites. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit. These third party entities are independent third parties and are not affiliated with us. 

**Frames**

Some of our pages utilize framing techniques to serve content to/from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our Site. Please be aware that you are providing your Personal Data to these third parties and not to MyJobHelper.co.uk.

**Opt-Out/Unsubscribe  
**  
To opt-out of receiving e-mail and other forms of communications from us, you can: (a) follow the instructions included in the applicable e-mail message or other communication; or (b) e-mail us at: [privacy@myjobhelper.co.uk](mailto:privacy@MyJobHelper.co.uk).    
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continue to contact you for the purpose of communicating information relating to your request for Site Offerings, as well as to respond to any inquiry or request made by you.  To opt-out of receiving Site Offerings-related and/or inquiry response-related messages from MyJobHelper.co.uk, you must cease requesting and/or utilizing the Site Offerings and/or cease submitting inquiries to MyJobHelper.co.uk, as applicable.

**Individual Rights: Deleting, Modifying and Updating Your Information**

At your request, we will: (a) inform you, in a machine readable format, of what Personal Data we have on file for you; (b) amend the Personal Data that we have on file for you; and/or (c) remove Personal Data that you have provided to us, or that we have collected, from our databases and the databases of any third party partners with whom we have shared such information.  You may do so by e-mailing us at: privacy@myjobhelper.co.uk.  We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).  
Please be advised that deleting your Personal Data may terminate your access to certain of the Site Offerings.  If you wish to continue using the full complement of Site Offerings, you may not be able to delete all of the Personal Data that we have on file for you.  
Please be further advised that, after you delete your Personal Data, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers, and the services of our third party partners, as applicable, and may remain in our backup systems.

**Data Retention**

We only collect Personal Data that you provide to us for the purpose of handling the job search relationship that you have with MyJobHelper.co.uk, and only to the extent necessary for those purposes.  We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with the Site Offerings. Please contact us if you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you with the Site Offerings. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

**Social Media Features and Widgets**

Our Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook® "Share" button.  These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the social media company providing same.  Below is information on some of these social media widgets: **Facebook®** The Facebook® social media website and associated social plugins are operated by Facebook Inc. ("Facebook®"), 1601 South California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA and is available at [www.facebook.com](https://www.facebook.com/). The Facebook® plugin used on the Site can be identified by one of Facebook's® logos. The list of Facebook® social plugins and their appearances and functions can be found at: [developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins](http://fenster/).  We have no control over the data that Facebook® collects via its social plugins.  Please note, where you use a Facebook® social plugin on our Site, this allows Facebook® to know that you have visited the underling Site page, even if you are not a registered Facebook® user or if you are not logged in to your Facebook® account, if any, at the time. Your browser will transfer this information, as well as your IP address, to Facebook's® server in the USA where such information is stored.  If you are logged in to Facebook®, Facebook® can associate your visit to our Site to your Facebook® account.  To find out more about the reasons why and the extent to which Facebook® collects data, how the data is further processed and used, your rights associated with the matter, and the settings options that you can select to protect your privacy, please see Facebook's® Data Protection Policy which can be found at: [www.facebook.com/about/privacy](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy).  It may also be possible to block Facebook® social plugins by using add-ons for your browser, e.g. with the Facebook® blocker [www.webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/](http://www.webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/). **

Google+®

**

The Google+® social media website and associated social plugins are operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google®").  The Google+® social media plug-in can be identified by the Google+® logo.  We have no control over the data that Google® collects via its social plugins.  According to the information provided by Google®, no personal data will be collected if the user does not click on the plugin. Such data shall only be collected and processed from Google+® members that are logged in to their respective Google® accounts. If you are logged in to your personal Google+® or Google® account, Google® can associate your visit to our Site to this account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking the button, the information you give is then sent directly to Google® and saved there. Furthermore, we cannot rule out that other Google® services that are also integrated into our Site may also link data with your Google® account. If you want to prevent such data transmission, you must log out of your Google+® or Google® account before visiting our Site. To find out more about the reasons why and the extent to which Google® collects data, how the data is further processed and used, your rights associated with the matter, and the settings options that you can select to protect your privacy, please see Google's® Data Protection Policy regarding the "+1" plugin which can be found at: [www.google.com/intl/de/+/policy/+1button.html](http://www.google.com/intl/de/+/policy/+1button.html), as well as the FAQs which can be found at: [www.google.com/intl/de/+1/button](http://www.google.com/intl/de/+1/button). **

Twitter®

**

We use plugins on the Site that are provided by Twitter Inc.,1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA ("Twitter®"), which can be identified by the Twitter® logo.  The Twitter® plugins enable the user, among other things, to share a blog post, article or other page of the Site on Twitter®.  If you access a website that includes this plugin, your browser sets up a direct connection to Twitter's® servers. We have no control over the data that Twitter® collects via its social plugins.  Additional information is available in Twitter's® privacy policy, which can be found at: [https://twitter.com/privacy](https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en). 

**LinkedIn**

We use plugins on the Site that are provided by LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("LinkedIn®"), which can be identified by the LinkedIn® logo.  If you access a page on our Site that includes this plugin, your browser sets up a direct connection to LinkedIn's® servers through which LinkedIn® receives the information that you and your IP address have accessed the Site. If you click on the LinkedIn® plugin while you are logged into you LinkedIn® account, you can link the content of the Site on your LinkedIn® Profile, which enables LinkedIn® to allocate the visit to our Site to your LinkedIn® account.  We, as the Site operator, do not know what data is transferred to LinkedIn® or how LinkedIn® uses such data.  For information on the purpose and extent of data collection, the further processing and use of such data by LinkedIn®, as well as your associated rights in, and your settings options for, the protection of your privacy, please refer to LinkedIn's® privacy policy, which can be found at:  <https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy>.

**Minors**

We do not knowingly collect information from individuals under eighteen (18) years of age. No information should be submitted to, or posted at, the Site by individuals under eighteen (18) years of age. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.

**Security**

We endeavor to safeguard and protect our users' Personal Data.  When users make Personal Data available to us, their Personal Data is protected both online and offline (to the extent that we maintain any Personal Data offline).  When we store and transmit our users' Personal Data, that information is encrypted with advanced technology.   
Access to your Personal Data is strictly limited, and we take reasonable measures to ensure that your Personal Data is not accessible to the public.  All of our users' Personal Data is restricted in our offices, as well as the offices of our third-party service providers.  Only employees or third-party agents who need user Personal Data to perform a specific job are granted access to user Personal Data.  Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all user Personal Data.  Employees not adhering to our firm policies are subject to disciplinary action.  The servers that we store user Personal Data on are kept in a secure physical environment.  We also have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of Personal Data under our control.    
Please be advised, however, that while we take every reasonable precaution available to protect your data, no storage facility, technology, software, security protocols or data transmission over the Internet or via wireless networks can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  Computer hackers that circumvent our security measures may gain access to certain portions of your Personal Data, and technological bugs, errors and glitches may cause inadvertent disclosures of your Personal Data; _provided, however,_ that any attempt to breach the security of the network, our servers, databases or other hardware or software may constitute a crime punishable by law.  For the reasons mentioned above, we cannot warrant that your Personal Data will be absolutely secure.  Any transmission of data at or through the Site, other Site Offerings or otherwise via the Internet or wireless networks, is done at your own risk. In compliance with applicable laws, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your Personal Data.  You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach.  Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.

**Changes to Privacy Policy**

MyJobHelper.co.uk reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice on the Site that we are changing our Privacy Policy.  If the manner in which we use Personal Data changes, MyJobHelper.co.uk will notify users by: (a) sending the modified policy to our users via email; and/or (b) by any other reasonable means acceptable under applicable law.  You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner and we will only use your information in this different manner where you opt-in to such use.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or would like more information on our privacy practices, please contact us via email at: [privacy@myjobhelper.co.uk](mailto:privacy@MyJobHelper.co.uk), or via mail at:

Surfin Mouse LLC d/b/a MyJobHelper.co.uk  
33 Irving Place, 3rd Floor  
New York, NY 10003  
USA
