> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myjobmatcher.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190503202504id_/https%3A//www.myjobmatcher.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

* * *

We may collect and process the following information about you. Please read this section carefully to understand how we obtain your data: information (such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number and résumé or CV) that you provide by completing forms on the Site, including if you register as a user of the Site, subscribe to any service, upload or submit any material via the Site, request any information, or enter into any competition or promotion we may sponsor. We may, from time to time, access your résumé or CV through 3rd party providers such as Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPOs) and job boards; in connection with an account sign-in facility, your log-in and password details; details of jobs you have been matched with, job you have viewed or any of your job preferences; communications you send to us, for example to report a problem or to submit queries, concerns or comments regarding the Site or its content; information from surveys that we may, from time to time, run on the Site for research purposes, if you choose to respond to, or participate in, them; employment details if you send us a resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general enquiry regarding employment opportunities with us. You are under no obligation to provide any such information. However, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services. When you visit the Site, we may automatically collect additional information about you, such as the type of internet browser you use, any website from which you have come to the Site and your IP address (the address which identifies your computer on the internet) which is automatically recognized by our web server. Your IP address may be used to identify your location and country of origin, but you cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective job searching service on the Site and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use.
