> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the julep.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-08-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190831081639id_/https%3A//www.julep.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Julep

## Social Commerce and Other Third Parties

We work with trusted third parties, including social network sites like Facebook, and with application developers who specialize in social commerce so we can connect to your social networks. Other social networks include Twitter. All of these companies operate Third Party Sites. We provide access to our Sites by third parties and business partners so we can generate interest in our products among members of your social networks and to allow you to share product interests with friends in your network.

The use of any features made available to you on our Sites by a third party may result in information being collected or shared about you by us or by the third party. Information collected or shared through any such third party features is considered "public information" by us because the Third Party Sites made it publicly available. If you do not want us to be able to access information about you from Third Party Sites, you must instruct Third Party Sites not to share the information. We cannot control how your data is collected, stored, used or shared by Third Party Sites or to whom it is disclosed. Please be sure to review the privacy policies and privacy settings on your social networking sites to make sure you understand the information they are sharing. If you do not want a Third Party Site to share information about you, you must contact that site and determine whether it gives you the opportunity to opt out of sharing such information. Julep is not responsible for how these third parties may use information collected from or about you. However, we do identify any areas on our Sites where third parties share information about you.

Facebook's "Like" feature is a good example. (Other third parties have or may have similar ways for you to express positive opinions about our products, now or in the future.) We have agreed to allow Facebook's "Like" feature to run alongside images of our products so you can "like" one of our products and to see how many other Facebook users "like" each of our products. You should know that Facebook may collect or register the fact that you "like" a product and may post that information to your "News Feed" on Facebook and to your Facebook profile's "Wall" and "Info" pages. So, the fact that you "like" one or more of our products may be made known to members of your Facebook network. This would be true for your friends too. If they "like" one of our products, you will see it on his or her News Feed, Wall or Info pages. Finally, by "liking" one of our products, you consent to the display of that information by us. If you do not wish this to happen, you should not click that you "like" a product and you should review your privacy settings on Facebook (or similar Third Party Site). Note that we are not obligated to display someone's name, profile photo or other "public" Facebook profile information on our website even if that Facebook user "likes" one of our products. We reserve the right to remove the information of any person which we deem to be inconsistent with our ideals or otherwise inappropriate for public association with our company. We may remove from our Sites, in our sole discretion, any product offering or any photo or product description relating thereto.
