> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the juliensauctions.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130402201039id_/http%3A//www.juliensauctions.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Julien's Auctions Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy for juliensauctions.com

  
Effective as of December 1, 2008

**(1)** We do not "harvest" email addresses from our website visitors or anyone else, nor do we send unsolicited commercial bulk email (spam) to our customers or website visitors.

**(2)** Your Information. Personal and/or business information provided to us by our website visitors and customers is treated confidentially and is not sold to anyone for any reason. If you provide such information to us by email, telephone, letter, an online form on our website or other means, we use that information only to provide you with our services and/or products or to respond to your requests.

Our online inquiry forms collect some or all of the following personally-identifying information:

  * Name
  * Company
  * Address
  * Telephone number
  * Email address



None of the above personally-identifying information is stored on our website, and thus we provide no online process for individuals to review and request changes to any of their personally identifiable information collected through our website's online forms or sent by email to us.

**(3) Online Store:** our shopping cart takes credit card orders securely, and collects the following personally-identifying information:

  * Name
  * Street address, city, state, zip code, country
  * Shipping Address (if different)
  * Telephone number 
  * Email address
  * Credit card information



> **MyAccount:** when you make a purchase, our shopping cart allows you to set up an account that contains your contact information (name, address, email), any saved shopping cart contents, wish list, download links, and purchase history. No credit card information is retained in MyAccount. You may change your account information at any time by [logging in to MyAccount](http://www.juliensauctions.com/shop/index.php?action=account) with the username and password you specified when setting up your account.
> 
> **Cookies:** cookies are little bits of information stored in a file on your computer. This website uses cookies in its shopping cart to enable customers to complete purchases, and to remember MyAccount login information if they opted to use the MyAccount feature. We have opted to use cookies as a safer way to pass this information. If you've already made your purchase, you can safely delete any cookies generated by our website from your computer.

**(4)** **Web Hosting**. As with most web hosting companies, ours records and stores only the following information about our website visitors: the numerical IP address or domain name from which they access the Internet; the date and time our website is accessed; the pages you visited and whether they successfully downloaded to your browser; and sometimes the Internet address of the website from which you may have accessed our website (such as Google.com). We use this information only to understand how many visitors we get and how visitors use our website so that we can improve it. We do not sell this information to anyone for any reason. Simply surfing our website will not impart other personally-identifying information to us.

**Notification of Changes to Privacy Policy**. In the event that we make changes to or update this Privacy Policy; in that event, we will post them to this page of our website with the corresponding Effective Date.

If you have any privacy concerns, [please contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20130402201039id_/http%3A//www.juliensauctions.com/contact.html).
