> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the julian-fashion.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161125164245id_/https%3A//www.julian-fashion.com/en-US/policy/CondPrv) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

By viewing the Internet website www.julian-fashion.com, customers will be provided with information about products and the possibility of purchasing them. By entering the Internet website julian-fashion.com, users accept and agree to abide to all terms contained in this statement. www.julian-fashion.com reserves the right to ask users who do not accept or who do not intend to comply with these terms, to give up using the website julian-fashion.com. Access to the site and its services is intended solely for personal use. **PRIVACY POLICY  
** We care a lot about the protection of personal data and the privacy of our customers. With the following statement on the protection, therefore, we want to give information on the way we process personal data of our customers. The term "personal data" is defined by law and indicates "particular data about personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable person". These data include e.g. full name, postal address and e-mail address or other data related to an individual.

 **Responsible for handling and data protection  
** Responsible for data handling and at the same time service provider is Julian Fashion S.r.l., Viale Matteotti, 31 - 48015 Milano Marittima (RA), Italy. For questions related to our website, the information below and to contact a privacy policy representative, please contact info@julian-fashion.com.

 **Collection and use of personal data  
** During the customer registration, we collect and use this information to create an account and we use them only if they are necessary for the development of the online buying process. Customer data are transmitted to third parties only if this is necessary for the purposes of execution of the contract or for checks regulation. During the processing of the order, the appointed service providers (e.g. transport companies, payment service providers, banks) receive data necessary for the fulfillment of the order. By subscribing to our newsletter, you give your consent to www.julian-fashion.com to use data for the purposes of sending to the customer e-mails about products or content selected by it. You may revoke your consent declaration at any time - with effect in the future - by e-mail to info@julian-fashion.com. Moreover are collected, processed and used data related to addresses and orders for the purposes of marketing. You may prevent the use, processing and transmission of personal data at any time by sending communication by post, fax or e-mail to [info@julian-fashion.com](mailto:info@julian-fashion.com). **  
**
