> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cin7.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161129225215id_/https%3A//www.cin7.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Cin7

**General**

Cin7 Limited ( **we** , **us** or **our** ) takes Your privacy very seriously and respects the integrity of personal information You provide us as a user of Cin7.  We will hold and use personal information provided by You in accordance with the privacy principles contained in the Privacy Act 1993, and as set out in our Privacy Policy below. Any terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to those terms in the Cin7 Terms of Use.

 **Collection of information  
****  
** We may collect the following types of information about users of Cin7:

  * Personal Information: This information may include Your first and last names, email, telephone and communications you send to us and is provided by You when you register for, or use your Cin7 Account. Failure to provide necessary personal information may result in some services on the Website not being available to You.
  * Aggregated Data: This information is generated by our systems as they track information about Cin7. This information does not identify You personally and is not linked to the personally identifiable information that You may have provided.



You must obtain the consent of any third person whose personal information You provide to us.

 **Security**

When we collect personal information we will take reasonable steps to keep that information secure and to protect it from misuse or loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Personal information You provide to us is stored on a secure server and we use secure firewalls. Please note however that total security of data transmission over the internet cannot be guaranteed as being completely secure. Hence, we cannot guarantee and we do not warrant the security of information transmitted to us over the internet and You acknowledge that You use the Services and provide information at Your own risk.

 **Use of information**

We may use the information we collect:

  * to verify Your identity if You need help with a forgotten password or You are having problems with Your Cin7 Account or the Services;
  * to administer Your Cin7 Account and to communicate with You about queries or comments You may have;
  * to respond to any enquiries You might make;
  * to supply, promote and market our products and services to You (or those of our business partners);
  * for internal purposes (e.g. procedures, risk management, staff training, reviews, billing);
  * to send You emails or marketing material you have subscribed to or we think You may be interested in;
  * for analysis in aggregate form; and
  * for any other purpose for which You have given permission.



 **Disclosure of information**

We will treat all personal information we collect in confidence, and we will not disclose information we collect other than in the following circumstances:

  * to our related companies, to organisations that provide us with professional advice such as lawyers, accountants and business advisers, and to our suppliers and business partners. These organisations will treat Your personal information securely, and are subject to privacy policies and procedures equivalent to this Privacy Policy;
  * where we reasonably believe there has been an infringement of Your rights or those of a third party and disclosure of Your information may remedy or assist in the remedy of the infringement; and
  * to third parties where we believe in good faith we are required to do so by law or with Your consent (if You do not want us to use or disclose your personal information for direct marketing purposes then please contact us by emailing support@cin7.com and we will ensure that Your name is removed from our mailing list in the manner requested).



Notwithstanding the above, we may disclose aggregate information and other information that does not personally identify You to such third parties as we may see fit.

 **Partners and advertisers**

We do not control the practices of content providers, partners and advertisers connected with Cin7 and to whom You provide personal information whilst using the Services. Our Website may contain links to other sites, which may not follow the same privacy policies as us. We recommend that You check any relevant privacy policies before providing Your personal information to any third party.

 **Changes to this Privacy Policy  
****  
** We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. We will make every effort to communicate these changes to You via email or notification via the Website.

 **Holding and correcting your personal information**

Any personal information You provide will be held by us, or our agent. **  
**  
The Privacy Act 1993 gives You the right to access and correct your personal information. To find out more about how to do this, please contact us at:

Level 12, 7 City Road, Grafton, Auckland 1010, New Zealand

Alternatively, contact us by emailing support@cin7.com
