> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cincinnatichildrens.org privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150608120229id_/http%3A//www.cincinnatichildrens.org/site/default) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Legal Notice / Terms of Use | Site Information

This is how Cincinnati Children’s will handle information learned about you from your visit to our website. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site. For each visitor to the website, the Cincinnati Children’s web server automatically recognizes the consumer’s domain name and email address (where possible).

Cincinnati Children’s collects the domain name and email address (where possible) of visitors to our website, aggregates information on what pages consumers access or visit (e.g. number of site visitors, time on site), user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and / or site registrations. Cincinnati Children’s collects this information by using “cookies,” which are small files stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are text information files that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but can be configured not to accept them or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.

The information we collect is used to improve the content of the website, offer online features that are helpful to visitors, customize the content and / or layout of our page for each individual consumer, and contact consumers for marketing purposes. Through the use of Google Analytics and Google Remarketing code on the website, Google gathers anonymous data via “cookies.” If you do not want information collected in this manner, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the use of cookies. To opt out of Google ads, go to [Ads Preference Manager](https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/ "Ads Preference Manager"). If you do not want to receive email from Cincinnati Children’s, send an email to [marketing@cchmc.org](mailto:marketing@cchmc.org), and indicate you do not want to receive email from the institution. 

You also may decide to send Cincinnati Children’s personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message or by voluntarily disclosing that information by completing an online survey. We may use personally identifying information from you to respond to your inquiries or for other internal business purposes. This information will not be sold or rented to third parties. You should be aware, however, that others may access such information and use it, though any such use would be without the consent of Cincinnati Children’s. 

We will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information.

The Cincinnati Children’s website is managed in the State of Ohio, United States of America. We make no representation that material found at the site is appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you access the Cincinnati Children’s site from other locations, you are responsible for compliance with local laws.
