> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cineplex.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081216012011id_/http%3A//www.cineplex.com/Global/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Personal information collected by Cineplex is not disclosed to other parties, except as follows: 

In addition, Cineplex may transfer personal information to outside agents, service providers or mandataries that perform services on our behalf, for instance vendors, fulfilment houses and research and contest service providers, in which case we use contractual or other means to ensure that your personal information is protected and not used or disclosed for any purpose other than as directed by Cineplex and as consented by yourself. 

Your personal information may be used by Cineplex and disclosed to parties connected with the contemplated or actual financing, insuring, sale, assignment or other disposal of all or part of Cineplex's business or assets, including for the purposes of permitting such parties to determine whether to proceed or continue with such transaction or business relationship, to fulfil reporting or audit requirements or, in the case of sale or assignment, the use and disclosure by those parties for substantially the same purposes as described in this policy. 

We may also disclose personal information as necessary to meet legal, regulatory, insurance and security requirements. Cineplex does not disclose your personal information other than as described in this policy or otherwise with your consent, unless permitted or required by law. 

**"Cineplex.com" and the Internet**

Cineplex operates this website ("Cineplex.com") and other domain names we own that resolve to this site, at which visitors can register to receive customized information, enter contests, polls or surveys or make purchases. We do not collect personal information about you unless you choose to provide us with information about you, such as age, gender, or other information we may need when you choose to register on our website, or as otherwise described in this policy. 

_Regarding External Links:_ Cineplex.com may contain links or references to other websites to which this privacy policy does not apply. For example, when you click a link to purchase theatre tickets or take advantage of other third-party services our website may refer you to, you are leaving Cineplex.com and using a third-party website for those purposes. Please be advised that these sites are not owned or controlled by Cineplex. When submitting personal information on other websites not controlled or owned by Cineplex (including when buying theatre tickets online), we encourage you to read the privacy policy of those sites. 

We use information you provide on Cineplex.com to facilitate your registration options, to understand who our guests are and their preferences, to improve the content of our website, to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor based on information you voluntarily provide, to send you periodic newsletters and mailings you request, process your purchases and to conduct surveys, polls and contests as described above. Cineplex does not disclose personal information contained in our subscriber database to any third parties except as otherwise described in this policy. 

Receiving e-mail newsletters from us is optional when you register. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by following the unsubscribe instructions in our e-mail or by sending us an e-mail at the address below. If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events if you have selected this option. You can withdraw your consent to being sent postal mailings by contacting us as described below. When you register at our website, make purchases or enter contests, our server may store your contact or other relevant information in your profile for automatic completion of forms in future purchases/entries for your convenience. If you prefer not to have this information stored, you can select the option not to store your information (if that option is available) or you can contact us as described below to have it deleted if no longer required to fulfil your request. 

If registered visitors choose not to receive any e-mail or other communications from us, the information you provide in your registration can still be used to provide customized information, for instance about your theatre preferences, when you login. If you prefer to have your registration profile deleted, you can contact us as described below. 

Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders, contests or other services they have requested on-line. If you make inquiries of Cineplex by e-mail, either to our e-mail address or through a link or box on our website, these inquiries are forwarded to the relevant department and are not used for other purposes or stored for reasons other than maintaining a record of correspondence. 

The nature of the internet is such that it passively and automatically collects certain information about a user's traffic patterns, which may be linked to their Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. These are unique internet "addresses" assigned to all Web users by their Internet Service Providers (ISP). Server logs record statistical information, such as visitors' IP addresses, type of operating systems, time and duration of visit, Web pages requested, and identify categories of visitors by items such as domains and browser types. These statistics are only used on an aggregate basis. 

Our site makes use of both "sessional" and "persistent" cookies. Cookies are small text files offered to your computer by Web servers in order to keep track of your browser as you navigate the site. Persistent cookies are stored on your hard drive. Sessional cookies are stored only in temporary (cache) memory and are deleted when you shut down your browser or turn off your computer. We use cookies to store your preferences, record session information such as language preferences, record user-specific information on what pages you access or visit, develop information about website visitors' preferences and interests, alert you to new areas that we think might be of interest to you when you return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when you return to our site, help rotate banner advertising so as to ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, and customize Web page content based on your browser type or other information you provide. 

For each visitor to our website, cookies may be used by our Web server to automatically recognize a registered visitor where you have indicated your preference to be automatically logged in. 

You can disable cookies using your Internet browser's settings. Please consult your browser's help function for information on how to disable cookies. Note that if you disable cookies, certain features of our website will not function properly. 

To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, Cineplex or its service providers place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site or clicking on these ads, we may collect passive information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. 

On our website we store subscriber and password information in a secure manner. We store such information in a manner not accessible to Web browsers, behind password protection, or off-line. We endeavour to use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our website. 

**Your Consent**

Consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information may be given in various ways. Consent can be express (for example, orally, electronically or on a form you may sign describing the intended uses and disclosures of personal information) or implied (for example, when you provide information necessary for a service you have requested (such as providing us with your name, phone number and/or email for use by our lost and found services), or in some circumstances where notice has been provided to you about our intentions with respect to your personal information and you have not withdrawn your consent for an identified purpose, such as by using an "opt-out" option provided. Consent may be given by your authorized representative (such as a legal guardian or a person having a power of attorney). Generally, by providing us with personal information, we will assume that you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of such information for the purposes identified or as described in this privacy policy, if applicable, or otherwise at the time of collection. You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of personal information at any time, subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable notice. Note that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information, we may no longer be able to provide certain of our products or services. 

Cineplex only collects, uses or discloses your personal information with your consent, except as permitted or required by law. We may be required or permitted under statute or regulation to collect, use or disclose personal information without your consent, for example in response to a court order or subpoena, to comply with local or federal regulations, or to collect a debt owed to us. 

**Security**

We protect your personal information using physical, electronic or procedural security measures appropriate to the sensitivity of the information in our custody or control, including safeguards to protect personal information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. Employees, agents and mandataries of Cineplex who require access to your personal information in order to fulfil their job requirements will have access to your personal information collected over the internet. You transmit or provide such information at your own risk. 

**Consent to Transfer**

Cineplex's website is operated in Canada. If you are located in the United States of America, European Union or elsewhere outside of Canada, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to Canada. By using Cineplex.com, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer. As stated above, we shall protect your personal information using physical, electronic or procedural security measures appropriate to the sensitivity of the information in our custody or control, including safeguards to protect personal information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. 

**Note to Parents/Children's Privacy**

Protecting children's privacy is important to us. For that reason, we do not collect information on our website from those we actually know are under 13 years of age. In addition, we believe that no part of our website is targeted to attract anyone under 13 years of age. We request that website visitors under 13 years of age not disclose or provide any personal information. If we discover such information, we will delete the child's personal information from our records. If for any reason we believe a user may be under the age of 13 we reserve the right to request proof of age of such user. If such proof is not provided, or if it is discovered the user is under the age of 13 all personal information shall be deleted from our system and we reserve the right to limit and/or ban the user from our site. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cineplex may from time to time conduct, sponsor, co-sponsor or participate in contests and/or promotions that may be open to entrants of all ages, including children under the age of 13. During any such contest and/or promotions Cineplex makes a special effort to encourage children to consult with their parents before furnishing data and in each case parental consent must be obtained in order for any such entry or participation to be valid. Cineplex also believes that parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a child-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing online their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission. For additional information about parental control tools, please consult [http://www.icra.org/_en/parents](http://www.icra.org/_en/parents). 

**Policy Changes**

This privacy policy may be revised from time to time. If we materially change our privacy practices, we will take reasonable measures to notify you of these changes in advance. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes on our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of new non-essential uses or disclosures. If you are concerned about how your information is used, we encourage you to bookmark this site and to periodically review our website, or contact us as described below to obtain a current copy of this policy. This privacy policy was last updated on **May 9, 2008**. 

**Language**

The parties have expressly requested and required that this Privacy Policy and all other related documents be drawn up in the English language. Les parties conviennent et exigent expressément que cette politique et tous les documents qui s'y rapportent soient rédigés en anglais. 

**Access, Correction and Contacting Us**

If you have questions, comments or concerns regarding our personal information practices and/or our Privacy Policy, please contact us: 
