> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nwf.org privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140623102225id_/http%3A//www.nwf.org/Privacy-Policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - National Wildlife Federation

**Website and Mobile Privacy Policy of the National Wildlife Federation**

We value the support of our members, donors, customers, and others who support the National Wildlife Federation (NWF), a family of organizations both NWF and [National Wildlife Action Fund](http://www.nwf.org/action), through visiting our web sites. We know that protecting personal information is important to our supporters. To make our Privacy Policy easy to find, we make it available in the footer of every page of our website. If you have questions or concerns regarding our site's privacy statement, your personal information, or how it will be used, or would like to review or correct your personal information, contact NWF directly at [http://www.nwf.org/contact](http://www.nwf.org/contact/ "Contact NWF.").

1.  **General Browsing Information**  - If you visit our web or mobile site to read or download information, or one of our apps, we may collect and store the following general information in order to analyze trends, gather broad demographic information, and monitor site traffic patterns that can help us further develop and improve the design and functionality of our site: your computer's IP address, browser type, mobile device type, and operating system, the date and time you access our site, the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site; and the various pages that you visit while on our site.

2.  **Personally-Identifiable Information**  - We will explicitly notify you before we collect any personally-identifiable information about you (e.g. your name, email address, contact information, credit card number, etc.), and will not collect any information unless you choose to provide it to us. This information may be shared within NWF's family of organizations for the purposes of fulfilling your orders and requests, responding to any comments or questions you submit and/or providing follow-up information about our organization, or analysis to help us better understand our member and supporter base. We may outsource to third parties one or more of these functions.

Likely situations when you make personal data available to NWF include, but are not limited to: (i) registration for Services, contests and special events; (ii) accessing Services using a third party ID, such as social networking sites or gaming services; (iii) subscribing to newsletters; (iv) purchasing a product or services through NWF’s online stores; (v) using “tell a friend,” "email this page," or other similar features; (vi) requesting technical support; and (vii) otherwise through use of NWF Services where personal data is required for use and/or participation.

The types of personal data may vary depending on the type of activity you are engaged in. The personal data NWF may collect, process and use may include, but are not limited to your name, screen/nick name, NWF Services’ or third party service ID, e-mail address, phone number, photo or other image, birth date, sex, address, friend connections, avatar image, credit card information, shipping information; and location (only if directly identifiable to you, otherwise NWF treats location as non-personal data).

If you choose to use NWF’s "tell a friend" or a similar service about NWF Services or order a gift certificate for your friend, NWF will store your friend's name and contact details that you provide to NWF.

NWF may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable NWF to identify you. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data NWF may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to unique device identifier or other device identifier ("UDID"); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code and location; (v) game score and achievements; (vi) other non-personal data as reasonably required by NWF to enhance the Services and other NWF products and services.

NWF may use and disclose to NWF’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other NWF services and products.

From time to time, we may send information to you via e-mail from other organizations that we believe may be of interest to you or can provide services that will be of use to you, or we may share your postal address with such organizations. We will not share your email address with other organizations. If you receive an e-mail from us, you may choose not to receive such messages in the future by following the "unsubscribe" link which we put in the footer at the bottom of each e-mail. We provide a similar opt out process in our postal mailings. If you prefer that we not exchange your name with other reputable organizations or if you wish to modify future marketing offers from NWF via postal mail, please call 1-800-822-9919. If you have further questions or concerns, please [contact us](http://www.nwf.org/contact "Contact NWF.").

3.  **Ad Serving Technology**  - NWF reserves the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by NWF or NWF’s partners and contractors. NWF may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services. NWF or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and location information as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Service. NWF or third parties may collect and use data for this purpose including, but not limited to IP address (including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location), UDID, software, applications, hardware, browser information, internet and on-line usage information and in-game information. The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.

You recognize and agree that the advertising companies who deliver ads for NWF may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. These ad serving technologies are integrated into Services; if you do not want to be subject to this technology, do not use or access Services. Although NWF takes commercially reasonable steps to instruct such advertising companies to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, NWF does not have access to or control of third party technologies.

4\. **Publicly Sharing Your Comments and Stories**  - National Wildlife Federation often receives information from website visitors who have successfully participated in our programs and/or employed our resources. In certain instances, we would like to publicly share the comments and stories we receive by posting this information on our website. We will not, however, publicly share ANY information we receive on our website without first receiving the express consent of the individual who submitted the information. Furthermore, we will not post information in any way that specifically identifies the sender of that information unless the sender approves it.

5.  **Children's Information**  - National Wildlife Federation provides a special place on our web site for children and we encourage parents and guardians to visit this part of our site with their children. We respect the privacy of children, and do not collect any more personal information than reasonably necessary to enable them to participate in the activities we offer at our Web site. We do not have any agreements with outside organizations to collect personal information at our site. The information we collect from children is used to respond to children's specific requests to participate in activities such as:

  * contests or sweepstakes 
  * subscription to an online newsletter 
  * voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion 
  * sending electronic greeting cards 
  * to tailor/customize the visitor's experience at our site



We do not share children's personal information with anyone other than those who provide support for the internal operations of the Web site and our agents (e.g., contractors who provide fulfillment services or technical support to the Web site). Parents can review the information that we have collected from their children online, prevent the further use or maintenance of such information, or direct the deletion of their children's personal information by emailing us at this address: [KidZone@nwf.org](mailto:KidZone@nwf.org).

6.  **Cookies, beacons and tracking**  – NWF may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags, clear GIFs and web beacons. NWF treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data. A cookie is a small file stored on your hard disk drive. Cookies may contain different types of information such as site preferences and login information. 

E-mails and other electronic communications NWF sends to you may contain code that enables NWF to track your usage of the communication, including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed (if any). NWF may combine that information to other information NWF has about you and NWF may use that information to improve the Services and/or provide customized communications to you.

The National Wildlife Federation does not use this cookie to link to personally identifiable information on our site. Cookies expire after a period of time specified in the cookie. This ranges from a few hours to years. Some areas of this site require use of cookies for proper navigation. If a user rejects a cookie, they simply will not be able to use that part of the site effectively.

7.  **Third Party Terms and Conditions**  - Please note that your access to and use of the Services may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, mobile software platforms, on-line gaming platforms, social networking services and payment providers. You recognize and agree that NWF is not liable for any such third party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data.

NWF may in its discretion make available links through advertisements or otherwise enable you to access third party products or services. Please note that, while using such products or services, you are using products or services developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or controlled by NWF. NWF is not responsible for the actions of those people or companies, the content of their products or services, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. The fact that NWF is linking to those products or services does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.

Please note that certain Services that NWF may offer, such as multiplayer gaming, social networking and gaming console services, may use third party services to provide authentication for the Services with a gaming console ID, social networking ID or gaming network account. When you register to join or use the Services from a third-party gaming or social networking system, certain personally identifiable user and/or membership data may be transferred automatically to and from NWF and you hereby consent to the processing, using, combining, disclosing and retaining of such data in accordance with this Privacy Policy by NWF.

8\. **Other Security Measures**  - We provide our members and supporters with a secure experience when they are ordering memberships, making a donation, or buying nature education merchandise. Our technical security measures include using industry standard 128bit encryption to secure the transfer of data between your browser and our servers. Although we will use all reasonable means to safeguard the privacy of your personal information, transmissions made via the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure.

When our forms ask users to enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption method in the industry -Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). While on a secure page, such as our membership form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open.

Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services NWF may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. NWF is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.

If you are under 13 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. NWF takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. NWF does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if NWF learns that NWF has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, NWF will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from NWF’s records.

NWF may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. NWF may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of NWF’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.

National Wildlife Federation reserves the right to amend this policy at any time as needed. We will post changes here, so please check back periodically. Changes will take effect when posted and your continued use of the site will constitute your agreement to the changes. Thank you.

National Wildlife Federation  
11100 Wildlife Center Drive  
Reston, VA 20190
