> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the georgialottery.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209211538id_/http%3A//www.galottery.com/legal/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## Georgia Lottery Web Site Privacy Policy

This privacy policy details our commitment to safeguard your information, and the limited manner in which we will use and disclose the information you provide to us. By using our web site, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information by us as set forth in this policy. We may from time to time change this privacy policy so please check this privacy policy regularly for any changes or updates. If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, then you may contact us at [glottery@galottery.org](mailto:glottery@galottery.org). For additional information about the use of our web site, please review the Georgia Lottery Corporation Web Site General Terms and Conditions of Use.

**Key Terms**  
Throughout this privacy policy we use several specialized terms. When we use the term “Personally Identifiable Information” in this privacy policy, we mean information that is specific to you as an individual, like your name, age, email address, telephone number and facsimile number. The term “User Information” incorporates all of your Personally Identifiable Information and any other forms of information discussed in this privacy policy. We use the term “aggregate” when we combine information from various persons or users. Information is said to be “anonymized” if it does not identify individual persons or entities or associate a particular person or entity with such information.

**Information Collection, Use and Disclosure Practices**  
When you visit our web site to browse, we may collect, use and store information such as the type of computer modem and Internet browser you are using, the number of times you visit our web site and the particular pages you view, the date and time you access our site, linking to and from our site, and the length of your visits to our site. We may share this information with third parties if we choose to aggregate and disclose site traffic information to improve the use of our site for our visitors.

When visiting our web site, you may choose certain on-line options such as (i) to contact us, (ii) to send us a resume, (iii) to obtain lottery retailer locations where you may purchase our products or (iv) to receive information about our products or services (e.g., to request e-mail notification of daily winning lottery drawing results or to request information about becoming a lottery retailer). When you engage in any of the foregoing activities, you provide us certain Personally Identifiable Information. We collect and store this Personally Identifiable Information, any updates to such information that you send us, and any modifications that we make to such information. Except as set forth in this policy, we will not reveal any such Personally Identifiable Information to any other third party without your consent, except that we may share User Information with our business associates who assist us in administering our products or services. Furthermore, we may use, disclose or transfer certain User Information (a) to send you the information you request; (b) to send you newsletters and other information about our products or services; (c) to protect the confidentiality or security of your records; (d) to law enforcement or other government officials if appropriate for your protection or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of possible unlawful activity; (e) to our attorneys, accountants, or regulators; or (f) as may be required by applicable law. We may also use User Information that does not constitute Personally Identifiable Information in any manner that is not prohibited by law. In addition, we may also use and disclose any anonymized information that you send us such as your suggestions, ideas or other creative material without acknowledgement or compensation to you.

**Public Disclosures**  
Subject to applicable law, any information collected through our web site or any information you provide to us through our web site may be considered public record. We may be required, therefore, to provide such information for public inspection.

**Cookies**  
We may employ cookies (e.g., small text files) that our web site may send to your browser for storage on your hard drive. We may use such cookies to make use of our site easier by saving your status and preferences upon visits to our site. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you may be able to change the settings to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you choose to modify your settings to reject cookies, it may affect your use of our web site.

**Modify or Remove Your Information**  
If you use our products, services or web site, then you have voluntarily consented to our information collection, use and disclosure practices as described in this privacy policy and other written documentation provided to you regarding the products, services or web site. If you do not want us to use your information as described herein or would like to modify your information or remove your information from our databases, then please contact us at [glottery@galottery.org](mailto:glottery@galottery.org). However, without the use of your information, we may not be able to provide you the products or services or the same quality of products or services you request. If you request removal of certain information from your account, then we will only retain copies of such information as necessary for us to comply with governmental orders, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, enforce any agreement you have entered into with us and as otherwise reasonably necessary for our business purposes.

**Security**  
We employ and maintain technology and security measures designed to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information on our web site, that information is subject to a variety of protections, including firewalls and encryption. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us.

**Third Party Web Sites**  
You may have the option to enter third party web sites through our web site. Since we cannot be assured that such third party web sites follow our privacy policies, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third parties. We have no responsibility or liability for the actions or policies of these independent sites, do not endorse any product or service that may be mentioned or offered in such sites, and are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites.

**Children’s Privacy**  
We do not intend for this site to be used by children under the age of 13 for any purpose that may be prohibited by applicable federal or state laws and regulations, nor do we seek to collect information about children under the age of 18. If we become aware of a child under the age of 18 that submits Personally Identifiable Information to this site, we will delete the information as soon as we discover it and will not use it for any purpose. We encourage parents or legal guardians to talk with their children about the potential risks of providing information over the Internet.
