> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mx44.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130310175857id_/http%3A//dice4.com/partners.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 2Fast and Furious 2 - Free Games At New Games

**Privacy Policy:**

Like most standard Web site servers, mx44.com use log files. This includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, browser type, internet service provider ( ISP ), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. 

mx44.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors?€™ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. 

Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include but not limited to Google Adsense, ValueClick media. 

These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on mx44.com. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see. 

mx44.com has no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising. 

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. mx44.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. 

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites. 

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. 

Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. 

Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html)

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).
