> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nimble.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190527123609id_/https%3A//www.nimble.com/company/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Nimble Social CRM | Privacy Policy

3\. USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION 

* 3.1. WHAT DOES COMPANY DO WITH COLLECTED INFORMATION? 

a) PERSONAL & CONTACT INFORMATION. We use Personal Information to send you information about our company or our products or services, or promotional material from some of our Partners, or to contact you when necessary. We may use your Personal Information to verify your identity, to check your qualifications, or to follow up with transactions initiated on the Site. We may also use your Personal Information to send follow-up information regarding Nimble’s services, contact you regarding other services Nimble offers, inform you of the availability of a newsletter or hotline information available on our Site, any changes to the Site, or to send you additional information about Nimble. We use your Personal Information to contact you about the services on our Site in which you have expressed interest. We use this information to fill your order for a subscription to Nimble products. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. When you subscribe to one of Nimble products you may receive a welcome email. As part of registering for the Service, you may receive email newsletters from us. We do not collect Personal Information about you except when you specifically provide this information on a voluntary basis. If you communicate with us by e-mail, complete online forms, surveys or contest entries, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information. If you do not want to receive promotional material or newsletters from us please follow the unsubscribe mechanism available in those messages or contact us at [ unsubscribe@nimble.com](mailto:unsubscribe@nimble.com).

b) SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. We share certain categories of information we collect from you in the ways described in this Privacy Policy. We will share your Personal Information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We may provide your Personal Information to companies or individuals that provide services to help us with our business activities such as sales, marketing and customer service (hereinafter “Partners”). Partners are authorized to use your Personal Information only as necessary to provide these services to us. We may use and share with our Partners the information including contact information such as name, phone number, address, email address, Third Party Application Username, IDs or handles, geographic location and other information you provide to us to improve the Services we provide to you, notify you of changes or updates to our Services, customize your experience in using our Services and Site, customize any advertising and content you see on our Site or in using our Services, research the effectiveness of Services provided and adapt our Site and Services to your needs. If you have provided us permission, we may share Personal Information you have provided to us when registering for the use of Services on this Site with Partners who may want to send you information about their products or services. We also share Personal Information with our Partners and business partners who assist us by performing core services which include but are not limited to, hosting, billing, fulfillment, data storage, and security), (“Business Partners”), related to our operation of the Site. Partners and Business Partners have agreed to uphold the same standards of security and confidentiality that we have promised to you in this Privacy Policy, and they will only use your Personal Information to carry out their specific business obligations to Nimble. In addition, we maintain a procedure for you to request changes to your Personal Information; this procedure is described in Section 8.1 below.

c) COMMUNICATION FROM THE SITE. We communicate with our customers using information provided to us in various ways, which include but are not limited to:

_Service-related Communications_   
We will send you strictly service-related communications when it is necessary to do so. We send you emails confirming your use of the Services, any account changes, account status updates and payment receipts in connection with your use of the Services. We send you emails containing export files of any data you may have requested to export from your Nimble account in connection with your use of the Services. On rare occasions, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your Nimble account and cease the use of the Services.

_Customer Service_   
Based upon the Personal Information you provide us, we will communicate with you in response to your support inquiries, to provide some of the services you request. We will generally communicate with you by email, unless you request to communicate by telephone or other means by providing us with the information necessary to be able to communicate with you, such as a phone number.

_Newsletters_   
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletters, we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe in each newsletter. Please see the ‘unsubscribe’ feature at the bottom of each newsletter or contact us at [unsubscribe@nimble.com](mailto:unsubscribe@nimble.com).

_Surveys or Contests_   
From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain Personal Information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information and demographic information (such as zip code). We use this information to notify contest winners and to monitor site traffic or personalize the site. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe from such communications. Please see the ‘unsubscribe’ feature at the bottom of each newsletter or contact us at [unsubscribe@nimble.com](mailto:unsubscribe@nimble.com).

_Testimonials_   
We post testimonials from time to time. We always receive permission to post prior to posting. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at [privacy@nimble.com](mailto:privacy@nimble.com).

Public Member Directory  
We will list you in our publicly accessible directory. If you wish to request removal of your information from our directory, you can contact us at [privacy@nimble.com](mailto:privacy@nimble.com).

_Public Profiles_   
Partners and Business Partnersmay create a profile on our site which will be publicly accessible unless otherwise indicated. You may change the privacy settings of your profile through your account portal. To remove unauthorized profiles, please send an email to [privacy@nimble.com](mailto:privacy@nimble.com)

_Single Sign-On_  
You can log in to our Site using sign-in services such as Gmail, Facebook or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Site to your profile page to share with others within your networks.

d) LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES. Our Site may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Nimble. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by our Site.

e) LEGAL DISCLOSURE. In certain situations, Nimble may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may also disclose your Personal Information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, to any other third party with your prior consent to do so. If Nimble is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your Personal Information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal Information.

f) ACCESS TO INFORMATION. Upon request Nimble will provide you with information about whether we hold, share, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your Personal Information. To request this information please contact us at [care@nimble.com](mailto:care@nimble.com). If your Personal Information changes, or if you no longer desire our Services, you may correct, update, delete your Personal Information by making the changes on the My Account section page within your Nimble account or by emailing our Customer Care at [care@nimble.com](mailto:care@nimble.com) or by contacting us by postal mail at the contact information listed in Section 8.1. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days of receiving your request.

g) DATA RETENTION. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact our Customer Care at [care@nimble.com](mailto:care@nimble.com). We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

h) PUBLIC FORUMS. Our Site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your Personal Information from our blog or community forum, contact us at [care@nimble.com](mailto:care@nimble.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

i) SUPPLEMENTATION OF INFORMATION. In order to provide or enhance our services to you, we may on occasion supplement the Personal Information you submitted to us with information from third party sources. To enrich our profiles of individual customers, we tie this information to the Personal Information you have provided to us.
