> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the haburi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150325191916id_/http%3A//www.haburi.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# None

_Data Protection Policy_

We are committed to protecting the privacy of our site visitors and customers. We will not disclose information about our customers to third parties except where it is necessary to providing a service to you e.g. the delivery of a product to you. Your information is used solely for the purpose of carrying out and processing your order and fulfilling our contract to you. Our delivery partner is the Deutsche Post / DHL (and the relevant postal services in countries outside of Germany). These service providers receive your information and use it to deliver your order to you, no more. Once your order has been fulfilled, your data is stored for tax/legal reasons, however access to this data is barred. This data is, therefore, not available to be utilised or shared with any third parties. We will not rent or sell your name, address, e-mail address, credit card information or personal information to any third party. If you have not consented for you data to be used again e.g. for the reception of newsletters, then the remaining data will be deleted. In this case you can view, change and delete the relevant data on our website. Your consent to use your data can be revoked at any time.

In order to carry out the following activities, we require your permission to store your personal data which we will request from you at the relative steps in this process.

Request the newsletter with current offers Registration as a regular customer Participate in a raffle Personalize our site Verification of your creditworthiness (or your age), in order to be able to offer you all advantageous payment methods.

If you have not consented for you data to be used again e.g. for the reception of newsletters, then the remaining data will be deleted. In this case you can view, change and delete the relevant data on our website. Your consent to use your data can be revoked at any time. For the following activity to be carried out, we require your personal information as well as your consent to store your data: - The sending of newsletters with current offers. Should you at a later time decide that you would no longer wish to receive these newsletters, you may revoke your consent by sending a message to us or by "opting out" from the mailing list on our website.

Telephone: +44 (0) 20 71 93 39 96 (Monday until friday from 09:00 until 18:00 (CET)) Post: www.haburi.es operated by dress-for-less GmbH Mönchhofallee 1 D-65451 Kelsterbach Germany eMail: Datenschutz@haburi.com

Our data protection policy is in accord with the federal data protection act (BDSG) as well as with the telemedia act (TMG). Please note that the teleservice data protection act (TDDSG) is since 01.03.2007 no longer active and has been replaced by the telemedia act (TMG). We utilise your personal data solely to fulfil your order/s with us. Your data will only be utilised to provide you with additional services should you request this. In order to process and fulfil your order/s, we will forward your data to our delivery service company. Should you at a later point decide that you would no longer like to receive our services, you may at any time revoke your consent. A "cookie" is a small piece of data which is transmitted by us onto your computer when you surf on our website. A cookie may only contain information which we send to your computer - private data cannot be read or transferred. We have no access to your computer should you accept our cookies. However, the cookies allow us to identify your computer. The data saved in our cookies do not include and are not connected to your personal data (name, address etc.).

A "cookie" is a small piece of data which is transmitted by us onto your computer when you surf on our website. A cookie may only contain information which we send to your computer - private data cannot be read or transferred. We have no access to your computer should you accept our cookies. However, the cookies allow us to identify your computer. The data saved in our cookies do not include and are not connected to your personal data (name, address etc.).

_facebook:_

We are using plug-ins generated by the social network Facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (in the following: Facebook), on our web-pages. In case you are accessing one of our web-pages equipped with the above mentioned plug-ins, a connection to the Facebook servers is established and the plug-in displayed by sending messages to your browser. Herewith, all information about which of our web-pages you have visited is transferred to the Facebook server. In case you are logged in with your Facebook account, the given information is assigned to your personal Facebook user account. When using the plug-in features (i.e. click on the the “like”-button, comment on something.) this information will also be assigned to your personal Facebook account. This can only be prevented by logging out before using the stated plug-ins. More information on data collection and usage by Facebook as well as your rights and possibilities to protect your privacy you may find in Facebook’s data privacy details.
