> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sage.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110529130307id_/http%3A//www.sage.co.uk/footlinks/privacy%2520policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy

Privacy & Cookie Policy

**1.  About this policy**

This is the privacy policy of Sage (UK) Limited (“Sage”). It applies only to personal data as defined in s.1 of the 1998 Data Protection Act (“personal information” or “information”) and not other types of business or general information. The policy tells you who we are, how we collect personal information about you through this website, what we intend to use that information for, with whom we intend to share it, how we keep it secure, and how we transfer your information outside the European Economic Area (‘EEA’).

Please read the policy carefully. By accessing or using this web site you are deemed to agree to the terms of this privacy policy, and if you do not agree with it, then you must not send us any personal information.

  
Note that if you follow a link from this site to another site, this policy will no longer apply. We are not responsible for other sites’ information handling practices. Use of your information by the owner of the linked site will normally be governed by that site’s privacy policy, which we encourage you to read.

Further information about privacy and data protection issues including the online Register of Data Controllers can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website at <http://www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk/>.

**2.  Who we are**

We are Sage (UK) Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with company registration number 01045967. Our registered office is at North Park, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE13 9AA. Please see our contact section for more information.   If you have any queries about the information we hold on you, please contact our Data Protection Compliance Officer, who you may write to at the address above, or email at [privacy@sage.com](mailto:privacy@sage.com) or telephone on **0191 294 3000**.

We are entered in the Register of Data Controllers with registration no. Z6439956. Our entry includes the processing of our TAS and Sage Enterprise Solutions divisions.

**3.  How we collect information from you**

**3.1.  By the use of “cookies” and “web beacons”.**

Cookies

3.2. A cookie is a small text file which is transferred from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive. It enables a website to “remember” who you are.

3.3. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies but if you are using Microsoft’s Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator, you should be able to configure your browser to restrict cookies or block all cookies if you wish. This will however, affect your ability to log into and use our shopping channel, community areas and other restricted areas of our website. Browser-specific instructions on how to restrict or block cookies may be found on the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s website at <http://www.allaboutcookies.org/>.

3.4. We use session cookies (which are temporary cookies) in the products and services and communities sections of our website to verify your identity when you log in, to keep track of which pages you visit and what is in your shopping basket, to personalise our service to you, including sending you or your business any marketing information you have indicated you would be happy to receive and to improve our website. Our session cookies currently contain your customer account number and company name. From approximately March 2004, our session cookies will contain your email address. Session cookies are deleted when you close your browser (i.e. the software program you use for searching and viewing various kinds of Internet resources such as information on a web site).

3.5. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google requires us to reproduce the following statement. You can find out more about this service at http://www.google.com/analytics. Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address which we do not link to any personally identifiable information) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services to us relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**Web beacons**

3.7. Some of our web pages contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes known as web bugs, clear gifs, or trackers) that allow us to count users who have visited these pages after clicking through from an advertisement for our products or services from a third party site. They also tell us whether someone has bought a product from our site and its cost after clicking through from an advertisement, but not in a way that identifies any particular individual. Web beacons collect only limited information which includes a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides. We do not carry web beacons placed by third party advertisers but we do use a third party to aggregate this data for us.

3.8. Because web beacons are the same as any other content request included in the recipe for a web page, it is not possible for you to opt out or refuse them. However, as we use web beacons in conjunction with cookies they can be rendered ineffective by either opting out of cookies or by changing the cookie settings in your browser.

**Further information**

3.9. More information on cookies and web beacons can be found at <http://www.allaboutcookies.org/>.

3.10. By registration

3.10.1. We collect information about you that you provide when you register to use the community areas or other restricted areas of our site.

3.11. Through completion of online forms

3.11.1. We collect information about you if complete any of the various forms on our site to contact us, make enquiries, order products and services, apply to us and give us feedback.

3.11.2. We need you to give us certain information, which will be indicated on the form you are required to complete in order to place an order. It would help us if you give us any other information that you think will be relevant but you are under no obligation to do so.

3.12. Through traffic data and site statistics3.12.1. We do keep a record of traffic data which is logged automatically by our server, such as your IP address, the URL you visited before ours, the URL you visit after leaving our site and which pages you visit.

3.12.2. We also collect some site statistics such as page hits and page views.

3.12.3. We are not readily able to identify any individual from traffic data or site statistics.

3.13. By you contacting us by other methods other than the website

3.13.1. The website provides various telephone and fax numbers and email addresses for you to contact us. We will collect information from you that you provide through any of these methods.

3.13.2. We may also collect other information you supply to us after your initial contact with us.

**4.  Security and storage of information**

4.1. We will keep your information secure by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures against its unauthorised or unlawful processing and against its accidental loss, destruction or damage.

4.2. Please remember that normal Internet email is insecure. We do however, use secure connections in our shopping channel.

4.3. We will store your information at least for the duration of any customer relationship we have with you, or as otherwise required by law (normally up to a maximum of 7 years for legal and tax reasons).

**5.  What your information is used for**

5.1. If you buy software or services from us, we will use your information to fulfil your order and to provide you with the software or service you have requested.

5.2. If you register to use one of the community areas or other restricted areas on our website, we will use your information to provide those membership services to you.

5.3. If you agree when you register with us or buy from us, we will also use your information for marketing purposes. If you do not want the information we hold on you to be used in this manner, you must first contact us either by writing to our Data Protection Compliance Officer, or by e-mailing us at [support@sage.com](http://www.sage.co.uk/support@sage.com "Email support@sage.com") and establish your preferences.

5.4. If you do not object, we will use the information we hold on you to contact you for feedback on your use of our software and/or services and/or website.

5.5. We may use aggregated data about users of our site, sales patterns and other statistical data to improve our site, but it will not be possible to identify individuals from that aggregated data.

**6.  With whom we may share your information**

6.1. We will not share your information with any other organisation except in the following circumstances.

6.1.1. We will share your information with another organisation to which we transfer, or are in discussions to transfer, our rights and obligations under our agreement with you.

6.1.2. We may share your information with another organisation that buys our company or our assets, or with another organisation from which we acquire a company or business, and in the course of any preceding negotiations with that organisation, which may or may not lead to a sale.

6.1.3. We may share your information with our funders or potential funders, such as our bank and with our professional advisers who have a reasonable need to see it.

6.1.4. We may share your information with any group companies of ours so that they can provide any products and services to you that you request.

6.1.5.  We may, on occasion share your information with carefully selected businesses so that they can send you details of other software-related products and services. Alternatively, we may on occasion use your information to send you details of the products and services of carefully selected businesses which are complementary to our own products and services. If you do not want the information we hold on you to be used in this manner, you must contact us either by writing to our Data Protection Compliance Officer, or by emailing us at [support@sage.com](mailto:support@sage.com "support@sage.com").

6.1.6. We may provide anonymous aggregated data to reputable third parties on a commercial basis.

6.1.7. We will give third party providers who supply services to us, or who process information on our behalf, incidental access to your information but will always take steps to ensure their security measures are adequate to protect your information. Any credit or debit card details are passed to our payment provider and your card issuer.

6.1.8. We will disclose your information to enforcement authorities if asked to do so, or to a third party in the context of actual or threatened legal proceedings or if otherwise required to do so by law.

**7.  Your rights**

7.1. You have a right to rectify any errors in information we hold about you, and to change or correct any details you have already given us. Please inform us about changes to your details so that we can keep our records accurate and up to date.

7.2. You also have a right to be removed from any mailing list we hold at any time, but you must first contact us either by writing to our Data Protection Compliance Officer, or e-mailing us at [support@sage.com](http://www.sage.co.uk/support@sage.com "Email support@sage.com").

7.3. You have a right to see a copy of the information we hold about you on payment of a statutory fee, which is currently £10. Before we agree to this, you must provide with sufficient evidence of your identity and sufficient details of the information you wish to see to enable us to locate it.

**8.  Transfers outside Europe**

8.1. We are obliged to satisfy ourselves before transferring your information to a country outside the EEA that it provides adequate protection for your data protection rights. The EEA comprises the EU countries and Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. Countries outside the EEA may not give the same level of protection to your information as those within the EEA.

8.2. Our website is hosted in the US and therefore we do transfer any information submitted by you through the site outside the EEA which is stored in the US. We have taken steps to ensure that our host provides the necessary level of protection for your information, and by using this site, you are agreeing to such a transfer.
