> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the europeandme.eu privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190708020647id_/http%3A//europeandme.eu/legal-notice) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Imprint / Legal Notice – Europe and Me

Europe & Me e.V.  
Katzbachstraße 30  
D – 10965 Berlin  
Germany

E-mail: [editorial@europeandme.eu](mailto:editorial@europeandme.eu)

Executive Director: Isabell Wutz  
Treasurer: Sam Volpe

Website created by:  
Markus-Kai Kehrer  
mkkehrer@googlemail.com  
mkkehrer.de

Europe & Me e.V. is the legal association behind E&M. Our work focuses on magazine production, but also related activities such as workshops, events and participation in project initiatives with various partners across Europe.

Europe & Me e.V. is a network of people who speak up for an increasing European thinking within the societies of Europe.

We support the European dimension of most questions within society and culture. Whether it is a matter of economic and social policies, European codes of values, or the process of learning from a common history – we believe that it’s important to think about modern life from a European angle.

Those questions open up a new European horizon. We don’t put forward a particular view of Europe, but we hope to encourage people to ‘think European’.

**Disclaimer**

If you require any more information or have any questions about our site’s disclaimer, please feel free to contact us by email at editorial@europeandme.eu.

Disclaimers for europeandme.eu

All the information on this website is published in good faith and for general information purpose only. europeandme.eu does not make any warranties about the completeness, reliability and accuracy of this information. Any action you take upon the information you find on this website (europeandme.eu), is strictly at your own risk. europeandme.eu will not be liable for any losses and/or damages in connection with the use of our website.

From our website, you can visit other websites by following hyperlinks to such external sites. While we strive to provide only quality links to useful and ethical websites, we have no control over the content and nature of these sites. These links to other websites do not imply a recommendation for all the content found on these sites. Site owners and content may change without notice and may occur before we have the opportunity to remove a link which may have gone ‘bad’.

We do not save and publish any personal data of our users.

**Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc, (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”). The use includes the “Universal Analytics” operating mode. This facilitates the assignment of data, sessions and interactions across several devices to a pseudonymous user ID and thus the analysis of a user’s activities across devices. This data protection notice is provided by [www.intersoft-consulting.de](https://www.intersoft-consulting.de/).

Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to allow the website operator to analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, if IP anonymisation is activated on this website, Google will reduce your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area beforehand. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website and Internet use. Our legitimate interest in data processing also lies in these purposes. The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is § 15 para. 3 TMG and Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The data sent by us and linked to cookies, user-identifiers (e.g. User-IDs) or advertising-identifiers are automatically deleted after 14 months. Data whose retention period has been reached is automatically deleted once a month. For more information on terms of use and data protection, please visit <https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html> or <https://policies.google.com/?hl=en>.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the [Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en). Opt-out cookies prevent the future collection of your data when you visit this website. To prevent Universal Analytics from collecting data across several devices, you must opt-out on all systems used. If you click here, the opt-out cookie will be set: Deactivate Google Analytics 

**Cookies**

E&M’s uses browser cookies for the service Google Analytics. In line with new UK rulings, please leave the site if you do not consent to this. Note that there may be other unintended uses of browser cookies that we’re unaware of. Google Analytics: Google Analytics is a free service developed by Google that gives us anonymous statistical data relating to our website usage. We value this very highly, as it tells us our traffic sources and user locations. For more information please visit: https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookies

**Google Web Fonts**

Google Web fonts are implemented on this website. By means of this the display of fonts is made possible. By using Google Web Fonts, Google uses an external server in the United States. Google is theoretically aware of the offer usage. Further data protection information can be found on the pages of the provider “Google”.

<https://fonts.google.com/>

## Owner and Data Controller

Europe & Me e.V.  
Katzbachstraße 30  
D – 10965 Berlin  
Germany

**Owner contact email:**  editorial@europeandme.eu

## Types of Data collected

Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies and Usage Data.

Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.  
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.  
All Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without any consequences on the availability or the functioning of the service.  
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.  
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.

Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.

## Mode and place of processing the Data

### Methods of processing

The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.  
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.

### Place

The Data is processed at the Data Controller’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.

### Retention time

The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.

## The use of the collected Data

The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Analytics and Interaction with external social networks and platforms.

The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.

## Interaction with external social networks and platforms

This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Application.  
The interaction and information obtained through this Application are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.  
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.

#### Google Fonts

Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.

#### Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook, Inc.)

The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.

Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – [Privacy Policy](https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation).

#### Twitter Tweet button and social widgets (Twitter, Inc.)

The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc.

Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – [Privacy Policy](https://twitter.com/privacy).

#### LinkedIn button and social widgets (LinkedIn Corporation)

The LinkedIn button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the LinkedIn social network provided by LinkedIn Corporation.

Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.

## Additional information about Data collection and processing

### Legal action

The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.  
The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.

### Additional information about User’s Personal Data

In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.

### System logs and maintenance

For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.

### Information not contained in this policy

More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.

### The rights of Users

Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.

This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.  
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.

### Changes to this privacy policy

The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.

### Information about this privacy policy

The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by iubenda and hosted on iubenda’s servers.
