> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the euronews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-10-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101030190752id_/http%3A//euronews.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Unlimited Usenet Newsgroup Access by EuroNews.com - Privacy

### Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is designed to inform you how Euronews.com (“we”, “our” or “us”) collects, uses and safeguards information you provide in connection with your use of the .net service, including without limitation this website (the “Service”). 

Your use of the Euronews.com Service constitutes your consent to the collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not use the Service. Due to changes to the Service, changes in the law, and the changing nature of technology, our information gathering and sharing practices may change from time to time, and we reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at any time without notice to you. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly in your use of the Service to ensure you are aware of our current practices. Any use of the Service by you following the date on which we implement changes to this Privacy Policy shall constitute your acceptance of all such changes. 

What information do we collect?   
Visitors to this website have the option of becoming a subscriber to the Service by completing and submitting an online registration form. To complete a registration form, you will be required to select a user name and password, and to provide certain personally identifiable information, including without limitation your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number and other relevant information (all such information, “User Information”). Submitting a registration form is strictly voluntary but is required in order for you to subscribe to the Service. When you submit this information, you are sharing this information with us and our affiliates. You acknowledge that we may utilize, your billing information may be collected on our behalf by, third parties in connection with the processing of your account fees. We may give you the opportunity to participate in sweepstakes or contests from time to time. Information we collect in connection with these sweepstakes and contests may include contact information and survey questions. Contact information provided in connection with a sweepstakes or contest may be used to notify winners, and we may use survey information to develop future promotions, service improvements, and/or new services. We maintain a log of posts to newsgroups through the Service by each Service user. Also, we may from time to time maintain a log of certain information concerning the network proarticle of Service users, including without limitation users’ IP addresses (a computer’s numerical Internet address) and the type of web browsers used to access the Service, in anonymous, “aggregate” form (in other words, we do not associate this information with a specific subscriber, and you remain anonymous). Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not collect any personally identifiable information through the Service without your knowledge and consent. 

How do we use information we collect?   
We do not share your User Information with other companies (except with companies providing any portion of the Service on our behalf and then only as necessary for those companies to provide their services). We may use your information to answer a customer service or billing question or other inquiry from you regarding the Service or your account subscription, and for its own internal business purposes. We may use logged information (whether anonymous or linked to you) for its own internal business purposes only, including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers and for system administration. We may disclose your personally identifiable information in any of the following circumstances: (1) in response to a subpoena, search warrant, court order, or other legal process, or as may otherwise be required by applicable law or regulation; (2) to protect and defend our rights or property or those of our affiliates or others; or (3) as we, in its sole discretion, believe is appropriate under exigent circumstances in response to a perceived significant threat to the personal safety or property of any subscriber to the Service or any other person. In addition, as our subscriber database is our business asset, in the event we are reorganized or is sold to or merged with another company, you consent to the sale, assignment, or transfer of your personally identifiable information to a purchaser of all or substantially all of our business assets, or to our subsidiary or affiliate, as appropriate. Except as described above, we will not disclose, sell, rent, or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to any third party without your consent. 

How do we protect the security of the information you provide?   
We take what we believe to be reasonable precautions and have implemented managerial and technical procedures to try to protect the security of your User Information. We strive to maintain the reliability, accuracy, completeness and currency of User Information provided by Service subscribers and to protect their privacy and security. Although we cannot guarantee against any loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration or destruction of data, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. 

Do we use cookies?   
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies only to log “inbound links” to this website (e.g., through an online advertisement, through a link in a search engine result, through a link on a web page, etc.). We do not use cookies to capture any personally identifying information about you. 

What’s our relationship with other websites you can access through the Service?   
This website, and newsgroup postings accessible through the Service, may contain links to other Internet websites, products, and/or services (“Third Party Services”) which provide you with convenient access to publicly available information that you may find of interest. If you use a link to go from the Service to a Third Party Service, this Privacy Policy will no longer apply. Your use of a Third Party Service will be subject to the rules and policies of that Third Party Service, and you are encouraged to read over those rules and policies. Your use of Third Party Services is at your own risk. 

What other information should you know about your privacy?   
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) prohibits certain commercial practices related to gathering, storing, and disclosing personal information about children under the age of 13 who use the Internet. We will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information about children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent. We cannot prohibit minors from using the Service if they supply a valid username and password issued to another person (e.g., a parent or friend). We must rely on parents, guardians and those responsible for supervision of children to monitor the Internet activities of children under the age of 13. Each time you submit personally identifiable information about yourself or your family through the Service, you are representing to us that your are 18 years of age or older. All electronic communication services such as ours are required to comply with the “mandatory reporting” requirements of 42 U.S.C. § 13032(b), which requires such services to report any apparent child pornography to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. In the event we are required to make a report, it will include all information regarding the apparent child pornography it believes may be of importance. We will strictly comply with this reporting requirement. How can you contact us with questions on this privacy policy? 

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using our support system. Copyright © 2010 Euronews.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 
