> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the europoker.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160316174410id_/http%3A//www.europoker.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Privacy Provision & Policy at EuroPoker.com

### Sacha Kechichian Consulting

  * The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain how SITE collects, protects and uses personal information.
  * SITE is committed to ensuring that any personal information supplied by our customers or otherwise generated by our business activities is collected and processed fairly and lawfully.



### Collected information

  * When you sign up at SITE we ask you to provide us with general customer information including name, address, telephone, email, player ID and password.
  * When depositing money you may be asked to submit your credit card number or your account number information. 
  * When you use the SITE we will collect your IP-number and information regarding your gaming events. 
  * SITE also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser such as your IP number and the web page you have visited.
  * SITE may ask you to present personal information including your photographic ID, national identity card, passport, credit card, social security number, driver license, nationality, eye color, height, weight and ethnic origin.



### Usage of information

  * Most of SITE's use of personal information is necessary to provide the services requested by you.
  * In addition personal information is used to customize the advertising and content you see and to improve the services provided. In improving the services provided, SITE may process personal information for customer relationship management purposes.
  * SITE may also use personal information for identification purposes and to prevent potential fraud.
  * SITE reserves the right to use personal information to inform you about new products and services provided by SITE and its co-operators.



### Information sharing and disclosure

  * SITE will not sell, rent or share personal information to anyone, except as explicitly set forth in this Privacy Policy.
  * Personal information may be sent to third parties for processing when: 
    * We have your consent to share the information;
    * We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested, e.g. to provide customer support and to process payments personal information may be processed in any country in which SITE, its affiliates or subsidiaries maintain facilities or, if such services are provided by a third party, where such party maintains its facilities
    * We respond to subpoenas, court orders, any legitimate request by authorities with which we must comply or legal process; or
    * We find that your actions on the SITE violate SITE's Terms of Services, which can be found at: [http://www.europoker.com/termsofservice/full](https://web.archive.org/termsofservice/full)
  * SITE may transfer personal information to payment operators and other electronic service providers for verification and security purposes.
  * SITE may transfer information about you if SITE is acquired by a third party, merged with a third party or if SITE sells all or substantially all of its assets, or otherwise transfer substantially all of its assets to a third party. In this event SITE will inform you about the transfer.
  * SITE takes steps to ensure that any third party to which we may transfer personal information complies with this Privacy Policy as well as any and all legal requirements associated with such a transfer.



### Cookies

Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages. SITE uses cookies to collect information including the type of browser you use and your IP number. This information is collected for security reasons and with the aim of constantly improving the SITE to better meet your needs. SITE also uses a session-cookie to authenticate our customers after log in. This cookie will be terminated as soon as you log out from your account. SITE will always strive to no unnecessary use of cookies.

You have the possibility to accept or decline cookies, most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you chose to decline cookies you may not be able to have direct access to all of the interactive features of the SITE.

### Your rights

You have the right to access and rectify your personal information held by SITE. This include the right to:

  * Obtain from SITE a confirmation that personal information is held as well as a written description of such personal information, the purpose for which it is being held, the source of the personal information and details of any recipients;
  * Request the deletion or rectification of personal information which is inaccurate; and
  * To object to any unsolicited information sent by SITE regarding new products and services. This can be done at any time on the SITE: [http://www.europoker.com/playerdetails](https://web.archive.org/playerdetails)
  * If you wish to contact SITE regarding your personal information held by SITE or have any other questions about SITE's privacy procedures, please use SITE's contact form at [http://www.europoker.com/help/](https://web.archive.org/help/)



### Storage of personal information

SITE will hold personal information on our systems for as long as you use the SITE's services and no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the information was collected. For security purposes, however, SITE may store personal information also after your/SITE's termination of SITE's services.

### Changes to this privacy policy

SITE may update the terms of this policy from time to time and we will notify changes to you by posting the modified terms on the SITE. You are advised to revisit the Privacy Policy regularly.
