> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the euronext.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140521221254id_/http%3A//www.nyx.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy |

**NYSE EURONEXT PRIVACY POLICY** PLEASE NOTE THAT THE FOLLOWING “PRIVACY POLICY” WAS UPDATED ON 23 MAY 2012.  PRIOR TO USING OUR WEBSITE OR APPLICATION, WE ADVISE YOU TO CAREFULLY REVIEW ALL OF THE SECTIONS THAT APPEAR BELOW. The privacy policies described herein (this " **Privacy Policy** ") apply wherever you use the web pages available at the URL nyx.com, [www.nyx.com](http://www.nyx.com/ "www.nyx.com"), usequities.nyx.com, nysetechnologies.nyx.com, globalderivatives.nyx.com, bonds.nyx.com, etp.nyx.com, indices.nyx.com, connect.nyx.com, [www.nyseeuronext.com](http://www.nyseeuronext.com/ "www.nyseeuronext.com"), [www.nyse.com](http://www.nyse.com/ "www.nyse.com"), [www.nysenet.com](http://www.nysenet.com/ "www.nysenet.com"), [www.nyxdata.com](http://www.nyxdata.com/ "www.nyxdata.com"), [www.nysedata.com](http://www.nysedata.com/ "www.nysedata.com") and selected other domains, including any linked pages owned and operated by NYSE Euronext or any successors thereof, or any application made available by NYSE Euronext for use on a tablet, mobile phone or other mobile device (individually and collectively, the "NYSE Euronext Website"). NYSE Euronext respects the privacy of our online visitors.  This Privacy Policy tells you how we protect the personal information that you supply voluntarily and will describe the choices you have concerning such information.  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.  We may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our NYSE Euronext Website.  We will post changes here so that you know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose that information to anyone.  Changes and modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon our posting of the changes and modification on the NYSE Euronext Website, except where prohibited by law.  You agree to review this Privacy Policy each time you use the NYSE Euronext Website. By submitting your personal data to us, you consent to the collection and use of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.   For the purpose of this Agreement, “NYSE Euronext” shall mean NYSE Euronext and all of its subsidiaries, affiliates and their officers, directors, employees and agents. The NYSE Euronext Website is a general audience web site and NYSE Euronext does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. **Personal Information - Collection and Use** In general, you can visit the NYSE Euronext Website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. 1. Personally Identifiable Information

The choice of whether to and how much personally identifiable information you provide to NYSE Euronext is left completely to you and is voluntary. There are times when we may need information from you, such as your name, country of residence, mailing address or e-mail address. You will be asked to supply that information voluntarily. We collect and use personal information (including but not limited to name, address, telephone number and email) in order to:

  * tailor our services to match your requirements;
  * respond to queries or requests submitted by you;
  * administer or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement you have with us;
  * anticipate and resolve problems with any products or services supplied to you;
  * create products or services that may meet your needs; and  
  * communicate with you about our products and services  
  * provide access to restricted pages or contents of the NYSE Euronext Website
  * comply with legal and/or regulatory requirements



You are aware of and explicitly agree with the fact that, as part of the services offered to you through our NYSE Euronext Website, the information you provide to us through the NYSE Euronext Website may be collected and stored by NYSE Euronext, 11 Wall Street, New York, N.Y., in the United States of America, as well as in other countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  You are aware of the fact that legislation applicable to such collection and storage might differ from the legislation that is applicable in your jurisdiction, such as EEA national privacy legislation.   By way of example, our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EEA or one of our service providers is located in a country outside of the EEA. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the EEA. If we transfer your information outside of the EEA in this way, we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected. In addition, if you use our services while you are outside the EEA, your information may be transferred outside the EEA in order to provide you with those services. Except when required to do so by law (for example, if required to do so by legal process or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime), NYSE Euronext does not currently share, sell, rent, lend or give any of the personally identifiable information you provide to us with or to  any third party, other than with our subsidiaries and affiliates and our service providers who assist us in providing information and/or services to you and who need to know the information in order to verify or fulfil your transactions with us. The provision of personally identifiable information about you to these service providers is done in accordance with agreements which state that the service provider agrees to keep such information confidential and to use such information in accordance with all applicable laws.  It is unethical for third parties to gather personally identifiable information from any communication you have made with us for any purpose, either by manual or electronic means.  NYSE Euronext does not grant permission to third parties to use personally identifiable information obtained under these circumstances.   NYSE Euronext maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your non-public, personally identifiable information. This includes, among other things, using encryption technology for credit card data used in e-commerce transactions.  However, NYSE Euronext cannot guarantee that any information is totally secure. Third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications and NYSE Euronext makes no representation, warranty or guarantee that our NYSE Euronext Website is protected from viruses, security threats or other vulnerabilities or that your information will always be secure. You hereby acknowledge that we are not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the Internet, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner. If we become aware of any security breach which we know has resulted in unauthorized access of your personally identifying information, then we will endeavor to inform you of that breach as soon as it is practicable for us to do so. We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible. If you would like to access, review or change the details you have supplied us with, please email our NYSE Euronext Website Editor at comm-web@nyx.com.  If you would like to contact NYSE Euronext about our Privacy Policy, please email [privacy@nyx.com](mailto:privacy@nyx.com). 2. Anonymous Information   We gather information during normal browsing which we do not tie back to a specific individual user.  Like many other Websites, NYSE Euronext receives and collects information about your session, including the IP (internet protocol) address, domain name, browser type, operating system you use, the files you download, pages you visit and dates/times of those visits. When NYSE Euronext receives information about your session or about you (for example, your age and the town where you live), we may use it as part of aggregated statistics for research, regulatory purposes, or to improve our NYSE Euronext Website, products and services. This data is analyzed for certain trends and statistics and allows us to enhance our offerings to you and to provide an enjoyable and an innovative online experience. This information about your session or about you may be collected by technology such as, "cookie" and "web beacons". **Cookies** There is a technology called "cookies" which are small text files that a website transfers to a user's hard disk or browser which can be used by a Website to enable its users to store tailored information from the Website. Some NYSE Euronext Website pages use cookies so that we can better serve you when you return to our NYSE Euronext Website. A cookie does not retrieve any other data from your hard drive or capture or store your e-mail address. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You may continue browsing our site even if you decide not to accept the cookie. However, if you decide to erase or block the cookie you may not be able to utilise some features of the NYSE Euronext Website. **Web Beacons** NYSE Euronext employs a software technology that serves as a web tracking device to collect certain information about traffic to the NYSE Euronext Websites. This device is classified as a "web beacon" by the Network Advertising Initiative, which means that the scope of its collection is restricted to NYSE Euronext Website traffic data. It is similar in function to cookies. The main difference between cookies and web beacons is that web beacons are invisible on the page and are much smaller, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. A P3P-compliant JavaScript cookie is set and collected by the tracking device to allow for differentiation between visitors to the sites. This data is used for tracking and reporting aggregate usage patterns on the NYSE Euronext Website but does not include any personally identifiable information about individual visitors. **Links to Third Party Websites** NYSE Euronext provides links to third party Websites; however, we are not responsible for those sites, their content or privacy policies. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any web pages not under a domain owned and operated by NYSE Euronext, regardless of any hyperlinks from a web page under our domains to external web pages. We advise you to check their privacy policies as well. **Laws and Applicable Jurisdiction** You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is governed by and should be interpreted in accordance with New York law and in the event of any dispute arising in relation to this Agreement or any dispute arising in relation to the NYSE Euronext Website, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, the New York courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over such dispute.  The failure of NYSE Euronext to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
