> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the europages.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030622112536id_/http%3A//europages.com/en/infoprivacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy, EUROPAGES, the european business directory

1\. INTRODUCTION & SCOPE OF APPLICATION

Eurédit S.A., and the group to which it belongs, understands how important Confidentiality protection is for you. We are committed to protecting your personal details by applying a stringent Confidentiality Policy and stringent information technology security standards. We review our techniques and security standards on a regular basis in order to protect said details from unauthorised disclosure. Said policy solely applies to personal details communicated to us on-line when you visit the EUROPAGES website. Our Policy applies to any information that we may collect about you for the duration of our relations and once they are over.

We hereby undertake to exploit your personal details in compliance with said Confidentiality Policy. The following policies shall only apply for Website pages, newsletters and circulation lists generated by EUROPAGES. Eurédit reserves the right to disclose your details in such ways as the law allows. We reserve the right to modify our Confidentiality Policy from time to time. We shall notify users of any such changes so that our clients can keep abreast of the type of information that we collect, the way in which it is exploited by us, and the circumstances under which we share said information. We recommend that you consult this Confidentiality Policy on a regular basis.

• Specific to the WEBSTORE : Nothing

2\. ANONYMOUS & PERSONAL DETAILS

Information collected on-line is often defined as anonymous or personal :

• Anonymous details means details such as your Website address, which browser you use and the address you log on from... It is comparable to the way in which the bus service in your town knows how many people use a given route without necessarily knowing who said people are. Most people accessing our services decline to use the customisation options provided. As a result said individuals remain anonymous to us and any such data obtained by us remains anonymous.

• Personal details means personal information which you provide, such as your name, company name, business sector, telephone number, fax number, e-mail address or postal address. In most cases such information is necessary to provide the customised service you expect from us.

• Specific to the WEBSTORE :  
We need certain information such as a name, billing address and credit card number in order to offer you the service you require. Your email address is used to confirm your order. Your credit card number is used solely for billing purposes.

3\. THE LAW AND CONFIDENTIALITY ORGANISATIONS. WAIVER AND CONSENT PROCEDURE

Eurédit is registered before the CNIL (http://www.cnil.fr) (French Commission for Personal Data Protection) to hold personal data under the French Data Protection Laws of 1978. The information you voluntarily give us while purchasing on-line is registered. This information is used to process your order and could later be used for further promotional marketing purposes. As part of Eurédit's marketing policy to advise you of any other offers of related products or services, we may allow other departments of Eurédit, its parent company or subsidiaries to have your name and address and/or email address.

In the event that you receive a type of communication that you do not wish to receive, you have the option of cancelling your registration for said type of communication (generally at the bottom of the page). This is done by opting to no longer be included on our lists, or receive information on products and services. Under European (http://europa.eu.int/eur-lex/en/lif/dat/1995/en_395L0046.html) and French data protection law (CNIL (art.34) you are entitled to access, amend, rectify and delete any personal details voluntarily communicated by you. To do so please send the "contact us" form by post to the following address: EUROPAGES - Eurédit S.A. 47, rue Louis Blanc 92984 Paris La Defense Cedex, France, or by e-mail,. Please allow at least four weeks for your request to be processed.

• Specific to the WEBSTORE : Nothing

To contact the person in charge of the Webstore:  
email: webstore_privacy@europages.com  
by mail: Webstore Eurédit S.A. 47, rue Louis Blanc 92984 Paris La Defense Cedex, France  
Requests for information concerning reception of goods can be sent to WebStore@europages.com

4\. INFORMATION COLLECTED & COOKIES

Eurédit collects information in several ways on different parts of our website. EUROPAGES may send a "cookie" to your computer from time to time. A cookie is a small item of data which is sent to your browser by our Internet server which is stored on the hard disk of your computer. Cookies will not damage your system.

Generally speaking we use cookies for the following purposes :

• Identifying EUROPAGES channels that you have visited or customised, so that said pages can be easily accessed during your next visit.

• To enable us the right to consult and access your details (stored on our computers) in order to provide you with a better quality, more tailored service. A cookie will be sent when you register and start a session.

• Evaluating our number of visitors. Every browser which logs on to EUROPAGES is assigned a unique cookie which is used to determine the extent of repeated use, use by registered customers versus non-registered customers and in order to target services based on customer interests and behaviour.

• Tracking our progress and the number of hits for certain of our promotions or adverts. In the event that a special offer hosted by EUROPAGES uses cookies, the information written on the cookie in question indicates the customer's progress in special offer operations and can be used to monitor hits, submissions and status in promotional offers.

• Evaluating certain data in terms of traffic, which areas of the EUROPAGES website you have visited and the itinerary you have followed on our website in general. We use this research to find out if our visitors habits are identical or different from one person to another. This enables us to constantly improve your interaction with EUROPAGES. We can use said information to ensure that the content, banners and special offers consulted by you and other visitors to our website is correctly customised.

You can opt whether or not to accept cookies by modifying the parameter settings on your browser. In the event that you opt not to accept cookies, your visit to our website and other websites may be less efficient and certain functions may not work properly.

• Specific to the WEBSTORE :  
Our Webstore does not use cookies.  
Eurédit keeps a record of each transaction. Each order is assigned a unique identification number which is used to access the relevant information. Such information can also be accessed by client name, or the date the order was placed, sent or billed. Details of the order will be kept on file for three years from the date of completion of the order. Customer Service staff can access this information rapidly for the first six months. After this, the information is transferred to a special database, and it will take at least three days for Customer Service staff to access it.

5\. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION ?

We use your e-mail address, and in certain cases, your postal address, your telephone and fax numbers to contact you if necessary.

Your personal details are used strictly for internal purposes such as contacting you by e-mail in order to keep you informed of special offers. We reserve the right to use the information collected by us for purposes such as customisation. 

• Specific to the WEBSTORE : Nothing

6\. CO-BRANDED SERVICES

Eurédit S.A. establishes co-branding relations with selected companies and websites relevant to our visitors. Eurédit S.A. reserves the right to share your personal details, including your visitor identification and password with the group to which it belongs and certain co-branded service or product suppliers in order to provide a specific product or service requested by you on a co-branded page or website.

• Specific to the WEBSTORE :  
The personal information which we collect shall not be disclosed to any third party, other than for legal reasons implied in the transaction.

7\. INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION

Any personal details communicated to us shall solely be used on the EUROPAGES website (and co-branded sites). Eurédit undertakes not to sell, lease or commercialise your personal information. Eurédit, and the group to which it belongs undertake not to disclose your personal details to third parties with the exception of their co-branding partners (see above).

We reserve the right to use your Anonymous details to improve our marketing and our promotional initiatives, for website statistical analysis and usage evaluation and to improve the content of our website, offers and presentation. We reserve the right to use them for market studies and to produce global reports on purchasing trends, demand and behaviour. Under the confidentiality agreements, we reserve the right to disclose visitor statistics for the purposes of describing our services to potential partners, advertisers and other third parties and for other legal purposes.

Eurédit also reserves the right to disclose information under specific circumstances in the event that we believe that such a disclosure is necessary in order to identify, contact or take legal action against anyone committing acts violating the EUROPAGES terms and conditions or which might result in prejudice against (knowingly or unknowingly), the rights and property of Eurédit, Eurédit clients, or any other person harmed by said acts. Eurédit reserves the right to disclose or consult information in good faith in the event that we believe that this is required by law or for administrative or other purposes deemed necessary by us in order to preserve, maintain and improve our products and services.

Eurédit has no control over information collection and distribution policies on other website domains. We do, however, encourage our co-branded partners to adopt similar Confidentiality policies.

• Specific to the WEBSTORE :  
The personal information which we collect shall not be disclosed to any third party, other than for legal reasons implied in the transaction. The minimum of information necessary to carry out the transaction or buy a product are noted on the Internet order form with an asterisk. It is impossible to place an order without supplying this minimum information.

Eurédit is registered before the CNIL (http://www.cnil.fr) (French Commission for Personal Data Protection) to hold personal data under the French Data Protection Laws of 1978. The information you voluntarily give us while purchasing on-line is registered. This information is used to process your order and could later be used for further promotional marketing purposes. As part of Eurédit's marketing policy to advise you of any other offers of related products or services, we may allow other departments of Eurédit, and the group to which it belongs, to have your name and address and/or email address.

8\. HYPERLINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES

Definition: A hyperlink directs on-line visitors to external Internet pages with which we have no partnership arrangement.

Eurédit cannot be held liable for Confidentiality practices regarding the content of other websites to which we direct our visitors or which send them to us. We recommend that you read the Confidentiality declaration on each website you visit.

• Specific to the WEBSTORE :  
The personal information which we collect shall not be disclosed to any third party, other than for legal reasons implied in the transaction.

9\. SECURITY STANDARDS

In addition to our stringent Confidentiality Policy we apply a range of technologies to guarantee the security and confidentiality of the personal details in our files and on our servers. All private customer information is processed and stored on servers protected from external intrusion by "firewalls" governed by access control rules to prevent unauthorised access, loss, misuse or modification of user data. Eurédit, and the group to which it belongs, apply stringent monitoring policies and procedures to guarantee that only certain employees can access private customer details.

• Specific to the WEBSTORE : Nothing
