> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the europebet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-03-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120310180120id_/http%3A//betfreesports.com/privacyPolicy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - BetFreeSports.com - Free Sports Betting

|   
---  
|  |   
---  
|  |  |  | 

|  |   
---|---  
  
  1. ** Introduction  
   **
    1. General Introduction. This Privacy Policy describes how BetFreeSports.com ("BetFreeSports.com," "we," "us" or "our") collects and uses information collected through the BetFreeSports.com website ("Site"). Your information will only be used as described in this Privacy Policy, however, BetFreeSports.com may modify these policies from time to time. The collection of personally identifying information is required to provide you with industry leading features while reducing the risk of fraud.
    2. General Collection. As part of the normal operation of our services, we collect and, in some cases, may disclose information about you. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to enable you to make an informed decision, and retain a copy for your records if you open an account.
    3. Assent. BetFreeSports.com collects information from you, other Site visitors and other customers at several different points on the Site. By registering an account or continuing to use this Site, you expressly consent to this Privacy Policy and the site [ Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/web/20120310180120id_/http%3A//betfreesports.com/termsOfService.asp), including, without limitation, your consent to use and disclose your personally identifiable information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. If you object to your information being transferred internationally or used in this way, you should not register or otherwise use this Site. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the site [ Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/web/20120310180120id_/http%3A//betfreesports.com/termsOfService.asp). Any terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meaning as those contained in the site [ Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/web/20120310180120id_/http%3A//betfreesports.com/termsOfService.asp).
    4. Other Sites. This Site may contain advertisements and links to certain other third party websites. These sites are governed by their own privacy practices and we are not responsible for such privacy practices. This Privacy Policy applies solely to the use and disclosure of personally identifiable information collected by BetFreeSports.com and not by any third party site.
    5. Contact Information. We welcome your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe we have not adhered to this Privacy Policy or if you have any other questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please [ contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20120310180120id_/http%3A//betfreesports.com/contactUs.asp).  
  
  2. ** Types of Information Collected  
   **
    1. Establishing An Account. In order to participate in our service, sweepstakes or contests, you must be registered with BetFreeSports.com and open and maintain an account with BetFreeSports.com. During registration you are required to provide us with certain contact information (including your name, email address and phone number) and other personal information (including your date of birth and gender). This required information is used to send you information relating to our services or promotional offers.
    2. Transactions. Each time you interact with the Site, the details of such transactions are collected and retained by BetFreeSports.com.
    3. Verification. In order to protect against potential fraud and to comply with applicable laws, the information you provide to us may be verified with third parties. In the course of such verification, BetFreeSports.com sends to and/or receives personally identifiable information about you from such services. Certain third parties may retain your personal information and may use it in the future to assist other companies with identity verification.
    4. Web Log Information. In common with most standard website servers, BetFreeSports.com uses log files. These include IP addresses, the Internet service provider ("ISP") you use, the type of browser you use, referring exit pages, platform type, number of clicks and/or date/time stamp.
    5. Cookies. In common with most web sites, BetFreeSports.com uses "session cookies" which are sent to your computer if and when you log on to the Site by entering your user name and password. A "cookie" is a small piece of data that we send to your computer to allow us to recognize you as a BetFreeSports.com user when you return to the Site using the same computer and browser. For more information about cookies, please see the United States Emergency Readiness Team at http://www.us-cert.gov/cas/tips/ST04-012.html.
    6. Correspondence. We intend to retain any correspondence, including facsimiles, mail and emails, sent to us. We also may retain correspondence, such as customer service emails, from BetFreeSports.com to you. We may delete such records over time.
    7. Marketing Data. You may have the opportunity to participate in demographic surveys and other marketing inquiries in an effort to further improve the use of the Site. Participation in these efforts is voluntary.  
  
  3. ** Use of Information  
   **
    1. Generally. The information collected is used to: (i) ensure that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age, or of sufficient legal age to participate from your applicable Jurisdiction, whichever is higher; (ii) process your transactions, including, without limitation, subscription fees or payments of any winnings; (iii) provide customer services and resolve any complaints; (iv) improve the Site and service and resolve any technical problems; (v) communicate with you concerning the services offered on the Site by BetFreeSports.com or any of its affiliates or business partners; (vi) create aggregate data; (vii) ensure compliance with the site [ Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/web/20120310180120id_/http%3A//betfreesports.com/termsOfService.asp); and (viii) comply with any applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to anti-money laundering laws which, among other things, may oblige BetFreeSports.com to obtain and verify evidence of your identity.
    2. Third Party Use. BetFreeSports.com may provide your information to government officials and agencies as required by law, and business partners as part of business operations, transaction processing, and marketing efforts. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, 'Business Partner' shall mean any person or entity that the Company enters into any kind of business transaction with, including, but not limited to, transactions involving the sale and disclosure by Company of information governed under the Privacy Policy.  
  
  4. ** Disclosures** BetFreeSports.com discloses information: (i) to companies that help process the transactions you request, in order to protect your transactions from fraud and verify your identity (see the subsection labeled "Third Party Use" above for further detail); (ii) that BetFreeSports.com in good faith believes is necessary or appropriate to cooperate in investigations of fraud, intellectual property infringements or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability, or to conduct investigations of violations of the site  [ Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/web/20120310180120id_/http%3A//betfreesports.com/termsOfService.asp); (iii) when required by law or to comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant or other legal process; (iv) to comply with legal, regulatory or administrative requirements of governmental authorities (including, without limitation, requests from the governmental agency authorities to view your personally identifiable information); (v) to protect and defend BetFreeSports.com, its subsidiaries and affiliates and any of their officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, contractors and partners, in connection with any legal action, claim or dispute; (vi) to prevent imminent physical harm; (vii) to share aggregated statistical or demographic data with our affiliates, business partners or for public relations (this aggregated information is not tied to personally identifiable information); (viii) to share data, including personally identifiable information about you, with our parent, affiliates, subsidiaries and business partners that are committed to serving your online needs and related services; (ix) in the event of a bankruptcy or liquidation of BetFreeSports.com; and (x) in the event that BetFreeSports.com in the future merges or is acquired by another company. In the event that BetFreeSports.com merges or is acquired by another company, the successor company will have access to the information maintained by BetFreeSports.com, including customer account information, in order to continue to provide services, but would continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy unless and until it is amended as described in the subsection labeled "Changes to this Privacy Policy" below.  
  
  5. ** Informing You** We may communicate with our customers on a regular basis via email and/or mail to provide requested services, resolve any complaints and for general customer service, and by other means where applicable, such as to investigate any suspicious transactions. You may receive occasional service announcements and administrative messages, for example, advance notice of any maintenance that might affect the Site. Generally, you cannot opt out of these types of "informational" rather than "promotional" communications.  
  
  6. ** Your Profile** We store information that we collect through cookies, log files and graphic files to create a profile of our customers. We also purchase third party marketing data and add it to our existing customer database so we can better provide pertinent offers in which you might be interested. We use this information to enhance or overlay your profile. This aggregate marketing data is therefore tied to your personally identifiable information. A "profile" is stored information that we keep on individual customers that details their preferences. Consequently, all of the collected information is tied to your personally identifiable information to provide better offers and improve the content of the Site for you. Your individual profile may be used by BetFreeSports.com to send you offers from BetFreeSports.com and its affiliates or business partners.  
  
  7. ** Security  
   **
    1. Limits of Security Measures. By registering an account and using the Site, you acknowledge that you understand that "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet and that we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. You agree that you do not expect that your personally identifiable information or private communications will always remain private.
    2. Confidentiality Obligation. The security of your BetFreeSports.com account also relies upon your protection of your BetFreeSports.com unique display name, password or other appropriate security code ("IDs"). You agree to never share your IDs with anyone. In the event that you are concerned that your IDs are no longer secure and confidential, you should immediately [ contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20120310180120id_/http%3A//betfreesports.com/contactUs.asp).
    3. Questions. If you have any questions or concerns about the security at our website, please [ contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20120310180120id_/http%3A//betfreesports.com/contactUs.asp).  
  
  8. ** Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Personal Information  
   **
    1. Termination of Your Account. Please [ contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20120310180120id_/http%3A//betfreesports.com/contactUs.asp) if you wish to terminate your account. Your account will be deactivated as soon as is reasonably possible and in accordance with applicable law and regulations.
    2. Account Inquiry. Information on what (if any) personally identifiable information is held about you may be obtained by contacting us [ here](https://web.archive.org/web/20120310180120id_/http%3A//betfreesports.com/contactUs.asp). We reserve the right to charge you a fee for providing such information.  
  
  9. ** Changes to this Privacy Policy** Updates. This Privacy Policy will be periodically updated to reflect changes in laws, regulations, and their interpretation, and, therefore, we reserve the right to change, modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Any revised Privacy Policy will only apply prospectively to your personally identifiable information collected or modified after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy. You should periodically check this Privacy Policy so you can always be aware of what information is collected, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, BetFreeSports.com discloses it. Dispute Resolution. You and BetFreeSports.com agree that any Dispute between you and BetFreeSports.com shall be resolved exclusively and finally by arbitration administered by the National Arbitration Forum ("NAF"), using interpretations under Pennsylvania law, and conducted under its rules, except as otherwise provided below. You and BetFreeSports.com will agree on another arbitration forum if NAF ceases operations. The arbitration will be conducted before a single arbitrator, and will be limited solely to the Dispute between you and BetFreeSports.com. The arbitration, or any portion of it, will not be consolidated with any other arbitration and will not be conducted on a class-wide or class action basis. The arbitration shall be held at any reasonable location in Philadelphia, PA. If you prevail in the arbitration of any Dispute with BetFreeSports.com, BetFreeSports.com will reimburse you for any fees you paid to NAF in connection with the arbitration. Any decision rendered in such arbitration proceedings will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment may be entered thereon in any court of competent jurisdiction. Should either party bring a Dispute in a forum other than NAF, the arbitrator may award the other party its reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, incurred in staying or dismissing such other proceedings or in otherwise enforcing compliance with this dispute resolution provision. You understand that, in the absence of this provision, you would have had a right to litigate disputes through a court, including the right to litigate claims on a class-wide or class action basis, and that you have expressly and knowingly waived those rights and agreed to resolve any Disputes through binding arbitration in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph. This arbitration provision shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Section 1, et seq. For the purposes of this provision, the term "Dispute" means any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or relating to: (i) this Privacy Policy, its interpretation, or the breach, termination, applicability or validity thereof; (ii) the related order for, purchase, delivery, receipt or use of any product or service from BetFreeSports.com; or iii) any other dispute arising out of or relating to the relationship between you and BetFreeSports.com; the term "BetFreeSports.com" means BetFreeSports.com, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, beneficiaries, agents, assigns, component suppliers (both hardware and software), and/or any third party who provides products or services purchased from or distributed by BetFreeSports.com. Information may be obtained from the NAF online at www.arb-forum.com, by calling 800-474- 2371, or writing to P.O. Box 50191, Minneapolis, MN, 55405.



Feel free to [contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20120310180120id_/http%3A//betfreesports.com/contactUs.asp) if you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our Privacy Policy.
