> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eurochemgroup.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191228022549id_/https%3A//www.eurochemgroup.com/cookie-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cookie policy | EuroChem Group

### What are cookies?

There is a technology called “cookies” which can be used to provide you with tailored website information by distinguishing you from other users. A cookie is an element of data that a website sends to your browser, which is then stored on your computer system. This element of data is a piece of text comprised of letters and number, not a program. It is only stored on your computer browser or hard drive if you agree. Cookies sent by other websites or the information contained therein are not accessible. Additionally, we cannot learn your email address or any other information about you through the use of a cookie. The only way we would learn such information is if you specifically submitted this information to us.

### Why does our site use cookies?

EuroChem uses cookies to track usage of the site and further customise your experience when visiting our site. By tracking usage, we can best determine what features of the site best serve you, which are more popular and which parts of the content could be expanded. Cookies enable us to:

  * Estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
  * Store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our websites according to your individual interests.
  * Speed up your searches.
  * Recognise you when you return to our websites.



### May I decline to accept a cookie?

You may decline to accept cookies sent by our website by selecting the browser option to reject cookies or you can also use the cookie panel to make your choice. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies you may not be able to access all parts of our site

### What benefits do I receive from cookies?

Overall, the use of cookies helps to give you a customised experience while browsing our website. Through the use of cookies, we will know what’s working and what’s not. That information is then used to keep our site fresh and relevant to you the user. Cookies also allow the personalisation of any online services we may provide to you.

### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### The information we collect

EuroChem will endeavour to protect any personal information you may provide on the public areas of this website to ensure it remains confidential, and is used only for the purpose described on our site. The EuroChem website does use cookies which enable us to record and hold information related to your visit to this website (such as which pages you visit and how often you visit). Cookies help provide additional functionality and help us analyse the use of our website more accurately. No cookie used by EuroChem will collect personally identifiable information.

You may choose to provide us with personal information about yourself, such as your name and address, so that we can respond to your requests for information.

### Where we store your personal data

All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.

### How we use information collected

Any information that you supply to EuroChem or data that we collect will be processed by or on behalf of EuroChem. You agree that we may, and we confirm that we will only use, the information you provide to us or the data that we collect for the following reasons:

  * to send you information you have specifically requested
  * to process on-line job applications and where you have submitted a job-application we may for a reasonable period keep your details on file for future reference should a suitable position subsequently become available
  * to help us develop the website to be more useful to you
  * for marketing and website user processing research or analysis
  * information may also be shared between companies within EuroChem and with our selected business partners to enable us to respond to your enquiries and requests more effectively and efficiently
  * to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes
  * to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us
  * to notify you about changes to our service


