> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rapbank.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230180550id_/http%3A//rapbank.com/products/our-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Our Privacy Policy by RAP Bank

## Privacy Policy

RAP Bank, Inc. (“ **TM** ”) takes the private nature of your personal information very seriously. This Privacy Policy (which we adapted from a policy originally provided by Automattic (WordPress.com)) describes how we treat the information we collect when you visit and use any website available from **RAP Bank, Inc.** and is made available under the Creative Commons Sharealike license. Please read this notice very carefully. It is **RAP Bank, Inc.** ’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.

## Website Visitors

Like most website operators, **RAP Bank, Inc.** collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. **RAP Bank, Inc.** ’ purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how **RAP Bank, Inc.** visitors use its website. From time to time, **RAP Bank, Inc.** may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

**RAP Bank, Inc.** also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. **RAP Bank, Inc.** does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below. Please be aware that **RAP Bank, Inc.** cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other sites, including those to which we link or whose products or services we reference. We encourage you to read the terms of use and privacy statements of each Web site you visit.

## Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to **RAP Bank, Inc.** websites choose to interact with **RAP Bank, Inc.** in ways that require **RAP Bank, Inc.** to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that **RAP Bank, Inc.** gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at RAP Bank, Inc. to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with **RAP Bank, Inc.** are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, **RAP Bank, Inc.** collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with **RAP Bank, Inc.**. **RAP Bank, Inc.** does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

## Aggregated Statistics

**RAP Bank, Inc.** may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, **RAP Bank, Inc.** may monitor the most popular links on the site. **RAP Bank, Inc.** may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, **RAP Bank, Inc.** does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

## Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

**RAP Bank, Inc.** discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on **RAP Bank, Inc.** ’ behalf or to provide services available at **RAP Bank, Inc.** websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using **RAP Bank, Inc.** websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. **RAP Bank, Inc.** will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, **RAP Bank, Inc.** discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when **RAP Bank, Inc.** believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of **RAP Bank, Inc.** , third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a **RAP Bank, Inc.** website and have supplied your email address, **RAP Bank, Inc.** may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with **RAP Bank, Inc.** and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. **RAP Bank, Inc.** takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. However, if **RAP Bank, Inc.** or any of its products is sold to a new owner, whether by merger, stock sale, asset sale or other means, we retain the right to transfer your profile, Site Data and all other content, data and information to this new owner, provided the owner agrees to respect the Privacy Policy in effect with respect to this personal data.

## Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. **RAP Bank, Inc.** uses cookies to help **RAP Bank, Inc.** identify and track visitors, their usage of **RAP Bank, Inc.** websites, and their website access preferences. **RAP Bank, Inc.** visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using **RAP Bank, Inc.** ’ websites, with the drawback that certain features of **RAP Bank, Inc.** websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

## Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, **RAP Bank, Inc.** may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in **RAP Bank, Inc.** ’ sole discretion. **RAP Bank, Inc.** encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. 
