> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rapid8.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141120130415id_/http%3A//www.rapid8.com/pp.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Rapid8.com: Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice and Takedown

## Terms of Service / Privacy Policy

  
**1\. Acceptable Use**  
You agree to not use rapid8.com's Service to:@ Download of content related to hacking/cracking or Copyrighted Materials.  
This includes, but is not limited to, contents which provide instructions or equipment to illegally access or tamper with software, servers, or websites.  
@ Rapid8.Com neither sanctions nor permits site content or the transmission of data that contains illegal or obscene material or fosters or promotes illegal activity, including but not limited to, gambling, the offering for sale of illegal weapons, and the promotion or publication of any material that may violate hate crimes legislation.

**2\. Disclaimer**  
We DO NOT & will NEVER host any of the files to our server. Premium links generated by users are just streaming proxy links which are used to transfer data from remote servers. And we shall disclose the original URL of the link upon request.

**3.** **Fair Usage Policy**  
This policy is to avoid leechers, bots and account sharers from abusing our services. Some users even try to commit copyright infringement. They tend to overuse the resources to an extent which can impair the experience of other Rapid8 users. We may limit each individual download of files through filesize or total usage.

**4\. Third Party Websites and Information**   


Our website(s) may provide hyperlinks to third party websites or access to third party content. Rapid8 does not control, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any content, product or service found in such third party websites through our websites or any hyperlinked website or featured in any banner or other advertising. You agree that rapid8.com is not responsible for any content, associated links, resources, or services associated with a third party website and rapid8.com will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services. As with the purchase of a product or service through any medium or in any environment, you should use your best judgment and exercise caution where appropriate. You further agree that rapid8.com shall not be liable for any loss or damage of any sort associated with your use of third party content. Links and access to these third party websites are provided for your convenience only.  
  
5\. Privacy Policy   
At Rapid8.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by http://rapid8.com and how it is used.   
  
**5.1 Log Files**  
Like many other Web sites, http://rapid8.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.   
  
**5.2 Cookies and Web Beacons**  
http://rapid8.com by itself does not use cookies. 

**5.3 Advertiser Cookie**

Some of our advertising partners may however use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include but not limited to....Clicksor, Gunggo, etc.These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on http://rapid8.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. 

http://rapid8.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. 

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. http://rapid8.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. 

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.

**5.4.** **Copyright Infringement Notice**  
Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. ยง 512, as amended by Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Rapid8 reserves the right to terminate the IP and access to the Site and/or Services of user who unlawfully transmit copyrighted material without a license, valid defense or fair use privilege to do so. Rapid8 may also, in its sole discretion, decide to terminate a user's Site and/or Services privileges prior to that time if it has a good faith belief that infringement has occurred. In addition, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. ยง 512(c), Rapid8 has implemented procedures for receiving written notification of claimed infringements and for processing such claims in accordance with the Act. Rapid8 respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that your copyright has been infringed through the use of the Services, or otherwise, please contact Rapid8 using contact button at home page.

**6.** **Editing, Deleting and Modification**  
We reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit and/or delete any Content, documents, information or other material appearing on the Site.

**7.** **How to Contact Us**  
If you have any questions about the Agreement or about the practices of Rapid8, please feel free to contact us using our contact us pane on home page.
