> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rapidbuyr.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130721073331id_/http%3A//www.rapidbuyr.com/privacy-policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - RapidBuyr

We at RapidBuyr are committed to maintaining your privacy. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy" or "Policy") covers how we collect, use, and treat personal information that you may provide through our website (the "Website" or the "Site") located at www.rapidbuyr.com. Our Terms and Conditions of Use (the "Terms") govern your use of the Site. The terms “you” and “your” refers to registered members of our Site ("Members") as well as potential Members. The terms "RapidBuyr", “we” and “us” refer to RapidBuyr, LLC.

RapidBuyr has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy_seals_and_services/consumer_privacy/privacy-programs-requirements.html)  including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe covers information collected on www.rapidbuyr.com. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at [privacy@rapidbuyr.com](mailto:privacy@rapidbuyr.com). If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint). ****

 **1\. Your Consent.**

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully; once you consent to this Policy's terms, it creates legal obligations on you and on RapidBuyr. We ask you to show your consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy by clicking the submit button when you register to use the Site. Clicking the submit button confirms your agreement to be bound by this Privacy Policy. 

**2\. The Types Of Information You May Provide.**   
Information you may provide while visiting our Site falls into two broad categories (i) personally identifiable information, and (ii) aggregate information. We use the term “Personally Identifiable Information” to mean any information that could reasonably be used to identify you including, for example, your name, address, e-mail address, or any combination of this or similar information. “Anonymous Information” is information that does not identify you, and may include statistical information concerning, for example, your use of certain features of our Site or the pages on our Site that you visit most frequently. These two categories of information can be further divided into information that we collect from you, and that you provide to us ("Site-Directed Information"), and information you intend to provide or make available to other Members on our Site ("Member-Directed Information"). Our Privacy Policy governs all Site-Directed Information—whether this information is personally identifiable information or anonymous information—and does not govern Member-Directed Information, as we have no direct control over the collection or use of Member-Directed Information. 

**3\. Site-Directed Personally Identifiable Information; Our Uses of This Information.**   
We collect Personally Identifiable Information (such as your name, email address, mailing address and credit card information) to provide products and services to you, bill you for goods and services, administer sweepstakes and contests, enhance the operation of the Website, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, email you daily deals, analyze Website use, to respond to your inquiry when you contact us via our Contact Us or Merchant Center request forms, improve our product and service offerings, and to tailor your experience with third parties as provided in Section 6 of this Privacy Policy. For example, if you send our customer service an email we may use your comments and feedback to tell others about our services, and may post your comment in our marketing materials or on our Website, which may include your personal information which you may request to have removed at any time by contacting us at [privacy@rapidbuyr.com](mailto:privacy@rapidbuyr.com) In addition, if you use our Website to send information or a product to another person, we may store your personal information. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Website Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. 

**4\. Anonymous, Aggregate Information.**   
We use Anonymous Information to analyze the effectiveness of our Site, to improve our services, and for other similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may undertake or commission statistical and other summary analyses of the general behavior and characteristics concerning Members of our Site, and may share Anonymous Information with third parties. Rest assured, though, that Anonymous Information provided to third parties will not allow anyone to identify you, or determine anything personal about you. We may collect Anonymous Information through features of the software that supports our services, through cookies, and through other means described below. 

**4.1. IP Addresses; Logs.** RapidBuyr may automatically receive and record information in our server logs from your browser, including your IP address (the Internet address of your PC), the type and version of your web browser, referrer addresses, and other generally-accepted log information. We may also record page views (hit counts) and other general statistical and tracking information, which will be aggregated with that of other Members in order to understand how our Website is being used, and for security and monitoring purposes. None of this data contains Personally Identifiable Information. 

**4.2. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.** A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, which is sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies can be used to provide you with a tailored user experience and to make it easier for you to use a website upon a future visit. We may include cookies on our Website and use them to recognize you when you return to our Website. You may set your browser so that it does not accept cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, then certain portions of our Site may not be available to you. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any Personally Identifiable Information you submit while on our site.

The use of third party cookies is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies.

Our third party tracking utility partner employs a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information. 

**4.3. Computer Configuration.** In order to determine whether your computer is supported by our system, we may collect certain Anonymous Information. This information includes, but may not be limited to, your operating system and browser, as well as the presence of any software that our Website may require to operate with your computer, or other third party software on your computer. This information is kept strictly confidential and is not shared with third parties, except as provided for in this Privacy Policy. 

**4.4. Clickstream Data.** "Clickstream data" is information concerning the sequence of mouse clicks made by website users, or the pages viewed by users, or the amount of time users spend on a certain page, and other, similar information. Clickstream data can be thought of as a "trail" that users make while navigating through a website. Clickstream data does not identify you personally. We may collect clickstream data and, if we do so, we treat such data as Aggregate Information. The clickstream data we collect is not combined with any Personally Identifiable Information. 

**5\. Any Information Linked with Your Personally Identifiable Information Is Protected As “Personally Identifiable Information”**   
To enable us to better understand the characteristics of our Members, we may link (i) the Personally Identifiable Information you have provided, with (ii) Anonymous Information. If we combine or link any Anonymous Information or other information with your Personally Identifiable Information, the resulting combination will be treated and protected as Personally Identifiable Information under this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, no unrelated third parties will have access to this information, and any of our service providers who are granted access to this information will be bound to protect it in accordance with this Policy. 

**6\. Release of Personally Identifiable Information**   
We will not share, sell, rent, or trade your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as provided below: 

We may share your information with RapidBuyr Merchants. From time to time, we provide offers from particular merchants (referred to as “RapidBuyr Merchants”) who, as part of the offer, request information on RapidBuyr customers who purchased the offer in order to aid redemption. In those cases, we share some of your Personally Identifiable Information with RapidBuyr Merchants such as your name and email address. Sharing this Information may allow a RapidBuyr Merchant to market directly to you should they choose to do so. However, we will only share Personally Identifiable Information with a RapidBuyr Merchant if you provide Site Directed Information, and then only to the RapidBuyr Merchant involved in that Site Directed Information. We specifically disclaim any responsibility or liability for the actions of such RapidBuyr Merchant. While we inform them that they are only permitted to communicate with you for the purposes of the specific promotion with RapidBuyr, we do not have any responsibility for the actions of the RapidBuyr Merchant, and the actions of the RapidBuyr Merchant are not in our control. To opt-out from third party marketing you must contact that third party directly. 

We may share your information with RapidBuyr Distribution Partners. From time to time, we promote our goods and services through the use of websites of our distribution partners (referred to as “RapidBuyr Distribution Partners”) who, as a condition to the use of their website, request information on RapidBuyr customers who purchased items through the use of their website. In those cases, we share some of your Personally Identifiable Information with RapidBuyr Distribution Partners such as your name and email address. Sharing this Information may allow a RapidBuyr Distribution Partner to market directly to you should they choose to do so. However, we will only share Personally Identifiable Information with a RapidBuyr Distribution Partners if you provide Site Directed Information, and then only to the RapidBuyr Distribution Provider involved in that Site Directed Information. We specifically disclaim any responsibility or liability for the actions of such RapidBuyr Distribution Partner. While we inform them that they are only permitted to communicate with you for the purposes of the specific promotion with RapidBuyr, we do not have any responsibility for the actions of the RapidBuyr Distribution Partner, and the actions of the RapidBuyr Distribution Partner are not in our control. To opt-out from third party marketing you must contact that third party directly. 

We may share your information with Authorized Third Party Service Providers. We provide services and products through third parties. These “Third Party Service Providers” perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Third Party Service Providers to fulfill orders, deliver packages, send postal or email, administer contests or sweepstakes, remove repetitive information on customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, process credit card payments, operate the Website, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies (“Affiliates”) with whom we have business relationships and may share your information with Third Party Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. For example, when you order a service, we release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for the service and, if applicable, release your address to the delivery service to deliver the service. Likewise, we may release an Affiliate’s information to our bank to send out a payment. In the case of RapidBuyr Merchants, these third parties are required not to use any of our users’ Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose except for the processing or shipping of RapidBuyr customer orders and all such information must be used in accordance with the applicable data privacy laws. In the case of RapidBuyr Distribution Partners, these third parties can only collect data from users who have provided Site Directed Information and such information is collected pursuant to such party’s then-effective and published privacy policy and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Third Party Service Providers are contractually bound with RapidBuyr to only have access to personal information in so far as it is necessary to administer these services and are under a duty to not disclose such personal information, unless required to do so by law. We encourage RapidBuyr Merchants, RapidBuyr Distribution Partners and Third Party Service Providers to adopt and post privacy policies. 

We may remarket your information. Remarketing is a way for us to connect with users, based upon your past interactions with the RapidBuyr website. Third-party marketing vendors may be hired by RapidBuyr to perform remarketing services. As a result, third-party vendors may show RapidBuyr ads on sites on the internet. Third-party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to RapidBuyr's website. 

We may share your information in a Business Transfer. As with any other business, we could merge with, or be acquired by another company. If this occurs, the successor company would acquire the information we maintain, including Personally Identifiable Information. However, Personally Identifiable Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy. You will be notified via email or prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information. 

We may share your information for our Protection and the Protection of Others. We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Website Terms of Use or other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of the Website, its Users or others. 

**7\. Changing or Removing Information.**

**7.1. Discretionary Profile Information.** To allow appropriate control over Personally Identifiable Information, you can access your account (after supplying your username and password) to change or update your personal information. You may do so by making the change within the account section once you login or by emailing us at [privacy@rapidbuyr.com](mailto:privacy@rapidbuyr.com).   
**  
7.2. Deleting Information. ** Finally, if you request, we will remove your name and all other Personally Identifiable Information from our databases. Please understand, however, that it may be impossible to remove this information completely due to backups and records of deletions. In addition, please understand that, if you request deletion of your information, you will be unable to utilize associated features of the Website. You may not remove de-identified, anonymous, or aggregate data from our databases. To request that we delete your information please contact us at [privacy@rapidbuyr.com](mailto:privacy@rapidbuyr.com). We will respond to your access request within 30 days. 

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at [privacy@rapidbuyr.com](mailto:privacy@rapidbuyr.com). We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 

**7.3. Unsubscribing from Email.** If you subscribe to receive email from RapidBuyr, you can opt out of these emails at any time. Users with a RapidBuyr account can unsubscribe by logging in to their account and changing their mail preferences, or clicking the Unsubscribe link in any of our emails. Users who receive emails, but do not have an account can unsubscribe by clicking the Unsubscribe link in our emails. Anyone receiving email from us can also contact us at [support@rapidbuyr.com](mailto:support@rapidbuyr.com) to request that we opt you out of future email messages. 

**7.4 Social Media (Features) and Widgets:** Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

**7.5** **Testimonials**. We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements.  With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name.  If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at [privacy@rapidbuyr.com](mailto:privacy@rapidbuyr.com).

**8\. Single Sign-On**

You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form.  Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network. 

**9\. Security**

We have put in place security systems designed to prevent unauthorized access to, or disclosure of, personally identifiable Site-Directed Information that you provide to us, and we take all reasonable steps to secure and safeguard this Information. Our site's password-protected section requires Members to give us unique identifiers such as their username and password. Moreover, we store all Site-Directed Personally Identifiable Information in a secure fashion. RapidBuyr employees (and employees of our affiliates and other Third Party Service Providers) are required to acknowledge that they understand and will abide by our policies with respect to the confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information. Moreover, we provide access to our databases containing Personally Identifiable Information on a need-to-know basis only.

Our security systems are therefore structured to deter and prevent hackers and others from accessing information you provide to us. We also use software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Please understand, though, that this information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided by or submitted to RapidBuyr. Due to the nature of Internet communications and evolving technologies, we cannot provide, and disclaim, assurance that the information you provide us will remain free from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties who, despite our efforts, obtain unauthorized access.

When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).

**10\. Modification of Policy**   
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. 

**11\. Relationship to Terms and Other Contracts**   
This Privacy Policy must be read in conjunction with our Terms, and the provisions of our Terms are incorporated herein. To the extent the Terms conflict with the terms of this Privacy Policy, the terms of this Privacy Policy will control. 

**12\. Contact Us**   
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Website, please email us at privacy@rapidbuyr.com.   
RapidBuyr   
1 Clock Tower Place, Suite 350   
Maynard, MA 01754   
855.557.2743 

**13\. Effective Date**   
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is November 29, 2010. This Privacy Policy was updated on 01/11/2013.
