> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rapmusic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20020602003248id_/http%3A//rapmusic.com/html/policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# policy

800media.com is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We sometimes collect personal information from our users. This Web page explains what information we collect, why we collect it, what we do with it and what you can do about it. **Collection of Personal Information  
** 800media.com maintains the confidentiality, security and integrity of personal information that we obtain from our users. We do not disclose personal information to any party beyond the 800Media network. 800media.com will periodically e-mail special offers pertaining to sites within the 800Media network. Users may opt-out of receiving these mailings; see the Stop Receiving Mail section below. Our site may use order forms and registration forms for users to request information, products, and services. We may collect contact information (like users' email addresses, names, telephone numbers and mailing addresses) and financial information (like account or credit card numbers) through these forms. Contact information from the forms is used to send orders to our customers, to send information about our products and services and for the purposes of record keeping. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the Stop Receiving Mail section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. Our online surveys and contests sometimes ask users for contact information (like their email addresses) or information about hobbies or interests. We sometimes use this information to send news about our products and services and to help us provide our customers with better service. Users may opt-out of receiving these mailings; see the Stop Receiving Mail section below. We sometimes contact by telephone users who have ordered products or services from us with information regarding their order. **About IP Addresses  
** 800media.com collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to report anonymous aggregate information to third parties. An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web. Web servers -- the big computers that "serve" up Web pages -- automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When guests request pages from 800media.com, our servers log the users' IP addresses. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us. **Use of Cookies  
** Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. The use of cookies is an industry standard, you'll find them at most major Web sites. 800media.com sometimes uses cookies to track certain information for our users' convenience and to understand our customers better. **Banners  
** We use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our site. This company may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to our and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your computer. If you would like more information about the information collection practices of this third-party advertising company and to know your choices about not having this information used by this company, click here. http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy or http://www.doubleclick.net/naiprivacy **Links to Other Sites  
** You should be aware that when you are on 800media.com you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from our site that take you outside our service. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where you end up on the Web. **Security  
** The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our users is of utmost concern to us. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of our users' financial information from their computers to our servers, utilizing encryption software. Only those employees who need access to our users' information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Any employee who violates our privacy and/or security policies is subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination and civil and/or criminal prosecution. **How to Stop Receiving Mail from Us  
** email: [**Jeff@800media.com**](mailto:Jeff@800media.com) **Your Acceptance of These Terms  
** By using this site, you signify your assent to the 800media.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. You can send e-mail to us with any further questions. **Contacting Us  
**If you have any questions on our privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact: [**Jeff@800media.com**](mailto:Jeff@800media.com)

Copyright © 1999 - 800Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  
No portions of this site may be duplicated without permission from 800Media, Inc.  
[ **Privacy Policy**](https://web.archive.org/web/20020602003248id_/http%3A//rapmusic.com/html/policy.html)
