> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the raptivity.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190619160709id_/https%3A//www.raptivity.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Raptivity

What Personal/ Non-Personal Information do we Collect?

To get a free trial, placing an order for our Offerings, get in touch with us through the through the ‘contact us’ link on the Website, interacting with our chat window or the pop-up (which is powered by a third party service provider called poptin), or raising a query using the form provided on the Website, you would need to provide us with Personal Information such as your name, country, organization phone number and e-mail address etc. To subscribe to our newsletter, you would need to provide us your email id. 

We may also automatically collect non-personally identifiable information through cookies (and tracking codes) to improve our Website and Offerings, such as pattern of your use of the Website, our Offerings, visits, material that you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, IP address and date and time when you access or use website. Cookies are small encrypted files, that the Website transfers to the device through which you access our Website. For more information, please refer to our [Cookie Policy](https://web.archive.org/web/20190619160709id_/https%3A//www.raptivity.com/cookie-policy.html "Cookie Policy"). 

Google Analytics-This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, text files that are stored on your computer and enable analysis of your use of the Website. The information generated by the cookies about your use of this Website are usually transferred to a server of Google in the US and stored there. In case of activation of IP anonymization on this Website your IP address from Google will be truncated within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address is transmitted to a Google server in the US and shortened there. You can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser software. You can also prevent the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the Website to Google and the processing of these data by Google, by clicking the following link [(https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout), choosing the available browser plug-in and installing it. 

**Accuracy of information.** Please make sure that any Personal Information you share with us is accurate and upto date information. If you are sharing any Personal Information on behalf of a third person, you should ensure that you are authorized to do so. 
