> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the predicto.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-01-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110114033535id_/http%3A//www.predicto.com/index.cfm/fuse/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cell Phone Games, SMS Voting, Celebrity Predictions - Predicto.com

Print-Friendly Page

 **PredictoMobile™ Privacy Policy** **

**Last Updated: June 30, 2010**

**

PredictoMobile, LLC (“PredictoMobile™,” “we” or “us”) operates the PredictoMobile™ website located at www.predictomobile.com (the “Website”), and the PredictoMobile™ service that includes the provision of interactive mobile content, such as news alerts, sweepstakes, surveys and quizzes, available online or via text messaging (“Service”). This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) outlines the privacy practices associated with the Website and the Service and covers our treatment of personal information that we collect when you: (a) visit the Website; (b) register for the Service, either as a premium member (“Premium Member”) or as a web basic (“Web Basic”) or mobile basic (“Mobile Basic”) member (collectively, “Basic Members” and together with Premium Members, “Members”); (c) enter any of the various drawings and/or sweepstakes that we may offer from time to time (“Sweepstakes”); (d) respond to any of our surveys or quizzes (“Surveys”); and/or (e) submit any other material to us, such as comments on surveys, user profile information or personal quotes relating to redeeming Loyalty Points or winning a Sweepstakes. By visiting the Website, subscribing for the Service, responding to a Survey or entering a Sweepstakes, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. It is important that Website visitors, Members and Sweepstakes entrants are fully informed about the use of their personal information. 

**Personal Information We Collect From You  
**  
**Registration.** When you register for our Service as a Premium Member, we require that you provide your mobile telephone number and provide and retain the PIN number that we supply to you. If you register on our Website for a Basic Membership or if your Premium Membership is converted into a Basic Membership, we require that you provide your email address. On our registration page we ask our Members to provide their: (a) first and last name; (b) date of birth; (c) home address; (d) email address; (e) mobile and/or home telephone number; (f) time zone; (g) screen name; (h) an icon or photograph; (i) a personal quote; and/or (j) any other information from or about an individual that we may request from time to time. If you elect to provide your mobile telephone number, you will be prompted to opt-in by checking a box to receive survey questions via text messaging that will include unrelated third party ads. If you do so, you will become a Mobile Basic Member. This information is not required in order to complete registration. We also collect your IP address when you register. We refer to information that identifies you such as your name, cell phone number, email address and home address as “Personally Identifiable Information” in this Privacy Policy.

**Website Visitors**. We collect information when you visit the Website through cookies, clear gifs and other means such as your IP address, browser type, ISP, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and clickstream data. We store this information (“Log File Information”) in log files.  
**  
Sweepstakes.** If you are not a Member and mail in an entry for a given Sweepstakes, we collect your name and mailing address, home or cell phone number, and Sweepstakes ID when you enter the Sweepstakes. We do not collect Social Security Numbers unless you are a Sweepstakes winner and your prize has a monetary value that requires that we report your winnings to the Internal Revenue Service. If you win one of our Sweepstakes, you will be required to provide your mailing address if we have not already collected it and the following additional personal information (please see the applicable Sweepstakes Rules for additional details): (i) Social Security Number (if necessary, depending on the amount of your prize); and (ii) a copy of a government issued photo identification. If you win one of our Sweepstakes, we also require that you complete and submit a release which allows us to identify you as a winner on the Website and in other promotional materials. We may also ask you for a quote and a photograph. 

**How We Use Personal Information**

Any personal information that you submit to us remains your property however, we may use this personal information to administer the Website, Service and Sweepstakes as described below.

**Text Messages and Other Communications.** By providing your mobile telephone number, you expressly consent to receive a sign-up text message from us.  In most circumstances, the text message that you receive in connection with the sign-up process will contain a unique, four digit personal identification number which is used to set up your account.  If your wireless carrier does not support our Service, or you do not complete the sign-up process in full, you expressly consent to receive one promotional text message from us. 

By signing-up as a Premium Member, you expressly consent to receive Surveys and other communications from us periodically, typically weekly, via text message.  As a Premium Member, you may control the frequency with which you receive communications by changing your account preferences on the Website. 

By registering for a Mobile Basic Membership, or if your Membership is downgraded from a Premium Membership to a Basic Membership, you expressly consent to receive (a) Surveys, with advertising information contained therein, via text message; and (b) other advertising content via email. 

You can opt-out from receiving any further promotional text messages or emails by replying via text message with the word “STOP” or following the opt-out instructions in the email. 

**Service-Related Announcements.** We will send you service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so. For instance, for Premium Members we send text messages monthly to remind you that your membership is being renewed. If you cancel your membership, we may send you a confirmatory text message or an email.

**Customer Service.** Based upon the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to us, we will send you a welcoming text message or, for Basic Members, an email verifying your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request and to manage your account.

**Supplementation Information.** We verify the cell phone numbers submitted by Premium Members when they sign up with information provided by a third party.

**Log File Information.** When you visit our Website and use our Service, we use Log File Information and survey responses to create a “profile” of your preferences. We tie your Personally Identifiable Information and your Survey responses to information in the profile to tailor the Surveys that we send to you, and to improve the content of the Website. We also use this information to analyze trends, administer the Website, track users’ movements around the Website and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We link this automatically-collected data to Personally Identifiable Information.

**Third Party Marketing.** By submitting your Personal Identifiable Information to us, you grant us the right, subject to applicable state and federal law, to use that Personal Identifiable Information, other than your Social Security Number, for marketing purposes. We may share, sell, rent, lease and/or otherwise distribute any and all Personal Information with or to any third-party for any and all uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law. These third-parties may include: (a) providers of the products and/or service that you requested and/or won by and through one of our Websites and/or Services; (b) providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation; (c) email marketers; (d) telemarketers; and (e) direct marketers.

**Information Sharing and Disclosure**

**Aggregate Information (Non-Personally Identifiable Information).** We compile aggregated demographic information about our Members to better focus our Service to meet our Members’ needs, preferences and to assist in our marketing efforts. We may also share aggregated data about our Member base including the number of Members that we have.

We compile Survey responses and post the results on the Website and may use the results in advertisements and other promotional materials. We may also compare a Member’s response to a particular Survey to determine the number of loyalty points awarded.

Except as noted above, we do not link aggregate user data with Personally Identifiable Information.

**Personally Identifiable Information.** We reserve the right to share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties for promotional purposes as described above. By submitting your Personal Identifiable Information at our Website or via mobile device, you agree that such act constitutes a purchase, an inquiry and/or an application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule, 16 CFR §310 et seq. (the “ATSR”) and you agree to receive email marketing from us and our third party advertisers. Even if your telephone number is listed on the Federal Trade Commission’s Do-Not-Call List, we retain the right to contact you via telemarketing in accordance with the ATSR. Moreover, if you register or make a purchase or request information from a third party seller at or through our Website, this will also constitute a purchase, an inquiry and/or an application with the respective third party seller for purposes of the ATSR and you may be contacted via email, direct mail and/or telephone by that third party seller in accordance with the ATSR. We also retain the right to contact you via text-message based marketing in accordance with applicable state and federal law even if your mobile telephone number is listed on state and/or federal Do-Not-Call registries. Further, you agree that we reserve the right to share, sell, rent, lease and/or otherwise distribute your mobile telephone number and other mobile data with/to any third-party for any and all non-marketing uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law.

By agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you hereby consent to disclosure of any record or communication to any third party when we, in our sole discretion, determine the disclosure to be appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your email address with other third parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the requirements of the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time-to-time.

**Service Providers.** For Premium Members, we share your cell phone number with third party billing companies, cell phone carriers and our third party customer care call center to facilitate billings, to process credits and refunds, for customer service and to communicate with you via text message. We may, from time-to-time, supplement the information we collect from you with outside records (e.g., information we obtain from other companies, including wireless providers) to enhance our ability to serve you. We may also share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties so that we can award prizes to Sweepstakes winners and when Members redeem loyalty points. These third parties are prohibited from using your Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose.

**Legal Disclaimer.** We reserve the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information: (a) as required by law and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on the Website or PredictoMobile™; (b) when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights; (c) if we believe that you are in violation of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Service, any applicable Sweepstakes Rules or any other of our operating rules, policies and other supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be made available by us from time to time; or (d) if PredictoMobile™ is, or its assets are, sold or acquired.

**Removal of Your Information/Opting Out**

At your request, we will remove Personal Identifiable Information that you have provided to us by emailing us at cs_support@PredictoMobile.com. However, deleting your Personal Identifiable Information or otherwise opting-out of receipt of communications from us or third parties will only change or delete the data in our database for purposes of transacting future business on the Websites and for managing future communications from us and third parties. These deletions will also not change or delete Personal Identifiable Information already collected as part of a particular transaction in our database, which may have already been shared with third parties, all as provided above in this Privacy Policy. You will need to contact third parties who may contact you directly to change your preferences or your personal information that they may be using to contact you.

We provide users with the option to opt-out from receiving information sent via email and/or text messaging on behalf of third party advertisers. Users may unsubscribe from receiving emails and/or text messaging at any time by following the instructions contained at the end of every email and/or text message, as applicable. Unsubscribe requests can only be processed if you have registered with us in the first instance. If you have not registered with us and wish to opt out of receiving emails and/or text messaging, as applicable, from a particular sender, please consult that sender’s opt out policies or contact that sender.

Information sent on behalf of third party advertisers may be prepared several days in advance, so users may continue to receive email and/or text messaging from us for up to ten days following the unsubscribe procedures detailed above. If, after that point, a user is still receiving email and/or text messaging from us, the user should contact us at cs_support@PredictoMobile.com.

**Cookies and Pixel Tags**

“Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser software on your computer. The use of cookies is now an industry standard and used by most major websites. We use cookies to recognize you and personalize your viewing experience on the Website. For example, we use cookies to recognize user access privileges to the Website, to track Website usage and traffic patterns and to estimate our Website traffic. Although most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, if you prefer, you can decline the placement of a cookie on your hard drive by using the appropriate feature(s) of your web browser software (if available) to delete the cookie. Please note, however, that certain areas of the Website may not function properly if your web browser does not accept cookies.

A "pixel tag" is an invisible tag consisting of a few lines of computer coding placed on certain pages of websites you may visit. We may use “pixel tags” to do "pixel tracking." Pixel tracking, a common practice, uses pixel tags to track an individual user's online activity in connection with online advertisements. Pixel tracking measures the effectiveness of these advertisements and compiles aggregate and specific usage statistics. For example, if you sign up for our Service or visit the Website from an advertisement on another website, or in an HTML based email, the pixel tag will allow the advertiser to track that their advertisement brought you to our designated landing page and/or the Website. If you visit our Website and we provide links to another website, we may also be able to determine that you were sent to and/or transacted with that third party website from our Website. This data is collected for use in our marketing and research. Personally Identifiable Information about you is not collected by us in connection with this process.

**Links to Other Websites**

The Website may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. If you are a Mobile Basic Member and as such have opted-in to receive unrelated third party ads, there may be links in the ads to websites not owned or controlled by us. In either case, please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Website or otherwise access a third party’s website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit.

This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by the Website.

**Bulletin Boards / Chat Rooms / Public Profile Page**

If you use a bulletin board or chat room on the Website, you should be aware that any Personally Identifiable Information that you submit there can be read, collected and/or used by other users of those forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the Personally Identifiable Information that you choose to submit in those forums. We reserve the right to terminate the Member status of anyone who uses those forums in a manner inconsistent with our Terms of Service.

**Access to Personally Identifiable Information**

If your Personally Identifiable Information changes, or if you no longer desire our Service, you may correct, update or delete your Personally Identifiable Information by making the change(s) or deletions, as applicable, on your MyProfile page on the Website, by emailing our Customer Support at cs_support@PredictoMobile.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.

**Minors**

No information should be submitted to, or posted at, the Website by visitors under eighteen (18) years of age without parental consent, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Identifiable Information from such individuals without parental consent. The Website and Service are not for use by individuals under thirteen (13) years of age. If you are older than thirteen (13) years of age but under eighteen (18) years of age, you may use the Website and/or Service, but only where you have a parent’s consent, except for Florida State residents, where you must be at least eighteen (18) years of age to use the Service. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.

**Security**

The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security, and therefore you transmit information to us at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems. Access to this personal information is strictly limited, and not accessible to the public. All of our users’ personal information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal information. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all PredictoMobile™ user personal information. Employees not adhering to our written firm policies are subject to disciplinary action. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we will notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies if we learn of an information security breach of your Personal Identifiable Information. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.

If you have any questions about the security practices of the Website, you can email us at cs_support@PredictoMobile.com.

**Business Transitions**

If we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personally Identifiable Information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified of any such change in ownership or control of your Personal Identifiable Information.

**Changes in this Privacy Statement**

We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy, and provide notice via email, on the Website homepage and/or other means that we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Your continued use of the Website and/or Service following notice of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any changes.

**Contacting Us About Privacy Questions or Concerns**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the Service, Sweepstakes, Surveys or the Website, you may obtain support at any time through the Website at www.predictomobile.com/support, via email at cs_support@PredictoMobile.com, or via telephone at 800-360-0518. You may also text “HELP” to 654654 at any time to receive summary information about your PredictoMobile™ account and instructions on how to access customer service.
