> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the preen.me privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121155932id_/http%3A//www.preen.me/c/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Preen.Me

**Privacy Policy**

Preen.Me is an app and website that lets users interact and upload various beauty looks,  adding and categorizing different beauty products, allowing you to discover what beauty looks and products other people are using and thinking about (the "App").  The App features beauty looks mostly generated by other users and products from various beauty brands. Once you're in the App, your actions and everything you choose and categorize will be visible to your social network and may also be to others who also have joined the App. The App in most cases also enables you to buy products from third party sites.  


Once you are on the Preen.Me , by default, your interactions within the App will automatically be shared in the following ways:

a) Within the App, there will be indications of all the looks and products you have categorized and commented on.

b) In your Facebook profile, your News Feed may indicate that you interacted or categorized a look and/or a product. This will be visible to your entire Facebook network, regardless of whether or not they use the App.

c) On Preen.Me, there may be an indication that you have interacted or categorized a look and/or a product.

The App is intended for users to interact with one another, and share their thoughts, reviews, recommendations, product preferences, photos, videos, etc. regarding beauty looks and products with other users. As long as the content posted is permissible under our Term of Use, we do not generally restrict what you publish on the App and/or share with other users while using the App. You should be aware that any information and/or content you publish on publicly accessible areas of the App may be viewed, download, and used by others who access them. We are not responsible for any personal content you choose to submit in these areas and you are solely responsible to protect your privacy by what you decide to voluntary and publicly share online.

Because Preen.Me operates within Facebook, information that you provide to us or that we collect is also generally accessible to Facebook and subject to Facebook's privacy policy. Facebook may also collect other information about you in connection with your use of this App.

We do not control Facebook's privacy practices. For more information on Facebook's privacy policy, please go to <http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/> .

Tell us what you think by emailing us to info@preen.me

Our Privacy Policy.

The App is provided by Crowdsmiths, Inc. ("we" or "us").  This Privacy Policy gives you information about our practices with respect to the personally identifiable information - information that could reasonably identify you - which we collect in connection with this App.

I. Collection of Information

We may ask you to provide personally identifiable information for various reasons and at various times. For example, when you sign up for the app, we may collect your email address, interests, and other information about your friends. We may ask for information about users at other times, too, such as when they contact us with a question. We may combine this information with other information (including personally identifiable information) about users that we may have collected from other sources.

We may automatically collect information about you when you use this App. For instance, we may automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information, such as which products each user interacts with, how each user categorizes and rates a product, which products each user bought using the buy options in the App and from which third party site, where you click on this site, information about your specific interests and channels, the domain name, your IP address, Web browser software (such as Internet Explorer), and referring web site. In addition, we may place a "cookie" (a small, unique identifier text file) on your system to remember who you are. We also may include other information in our cookie files; for example, if you arrived at this site via a link from third-party site, we may include the URL of the linking page. You may opt out of the cookies delivered by us by changing the setting on your browser. Please be aware that this will disable all cookies delivered to your browser, not just the ones delivered by us, and that such blocking may prevent us from providing some or all of the services to you. Note that we may combine all of this information with other information, including personally identifiable information we have collected about you.

Other than in respect of personally identified information, if you provide information to us, you agree that we have unlimited rights to such information and that we may use such information in any way we choose. Such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential.

II. Use of Information

We use the information, including personally identifiable information that we have collected about you in several ways, including:

a) To build your profile on the App and site. This profile will be visible to other users and may display the name, photo, location, age and any other profile information which you have provided us, or which has been provided to us via Facebook.

b) To manage and administer your account, including to process and fulfill the transactions you initiate, to identify you on the app, to send you information related to this App or various service providers, to solicit or respond to your questions or comments, to inform you of material changes or additions to this Privacy Policy or our terms and conditions, or to contact you with legal notices.

c) To send you offers and information from us and our affiliates or from other companies whose products and services may be of interest to you. You may choose to opt-out and to not receive these communications, without also deactivating their account and ceasing use of the App.

d) To provide you with a more personalized experience by serving you more relevant content and advertising.

e) To conduct research on our customers' demographics, interests and behavior, to analyze traffic patterns, general business analytics and to create recommendations for other users based on users preferences.

f) To administer contests, promotions, surveys or other site features.

g) To help prevent fraudulent use of our services and ensuring the technical functioning of our network.

h) In other ways as described to you at the point of collection or otherwise.

If you choose to register or submit information to the App, you agree to the use of such data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

III. Sharing of Information

We may share the information, including personally identifiable information that we collect about you in limited circumstances, including:

a) With respect to the products you interact with, with your Facebook network and other users of the app, as described at the top of this Privacy Policy.

b) With our corporate affiliates.

c) In aggregate form, with our partners.

d) With vendors providing contractual services for us (such as hosting vendors, list managers who facilitate or assist with communications on our behalf, companies that provide consulting or analytics services and service providers who process payment information or transactions).

e) When we have reason to believe that disclosing this information may be necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms and Conditions or may be causing injury to or interference with our  rights or property or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities; to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; in response to a request for cooperation from law enforcement or other government agency; and when we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or otherwise required by law.

f) In the event that our ownership changes as a result of a merger, acquisition, or corporate transfer to another company.

g) With a service provider with your permission (e.g., if you sign up as a lead).

h) With selected third parties for their direct marketing purposes.

I) With other entities for business analytics.

J) In additional ways as may be described to you at the point of collection.

IV. Access to Information

You can access and update personally identifiable information that you have provided to us via Facebook's privacy settings:  <http://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=privacy.> You can access and update any personally identifiable information that you have provided directly to us, or ask us questions, by contacting us: info@preen.me .

V. Data Security

We have in place administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect the information we collect online. However, we cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.

VI. External Links

Many parts of our App and website link you to other websites. Please note that those websites do not operate under this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you examine the privacy statements posted on those other sites to understand their procedures for collecting, using, disclosing, and protecting personal information.

VII. Persons Under Age 13

In general, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from individuals under the age of 13. Please do not send any information about yourself to us if you are under the age of 13. Should we learn that a person under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete that information from our database.

VIII. International Transfer of Information

We processes some of its information on our servers in the United States. To facilitate our global services, we may transfer and access information from around the world. For users outside the U.S., please note that any information you share via the App may be transferred out of your country and into the U.S. You consent to such transfer through your use of the App.

IX. Material Changes to This Privacy Policy

If we need to materially change this Privacy Policy in the future, we will notify you by placing a notice on this site and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. Please note that you are responsible for checking the website and Privacy Policy periodically for notice of changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of personally identifiable information provided to us prior to our notification to you of the changes. Therefore, if you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to terminate your account with us.

X. Contacting Us

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us: info@preen.me .

Effective date: May 30th 2012  

