> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pregnancy.org privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121004225843id_/http%3A//www.pregnancy.org/content/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Site Info

**Introduction**

This privacy policy is designed to inform users of the Pregnancy.org website (the "Website") about how we gather and use personal information collected by us in connection with use of the Website. We will take reasonable steps to protect user privacy consistent with the guidelines set forth in this policy and with applicable U.S. laws. In this policy, "user" or "you" means any person using the Website, whether by browsing the Website, submitting comments, videos, articles, blog entries or other content ("Content"), registering with us by creating an account, or participating in any other activities available through the Website. 

NOTICE TO WEBSITE VISITORS FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES: Pregnancy.org and its servers are located in the United States and are subject to the applicable state and federal laws of the United States. All personal information shared with or collected by or in connection with the Website will be stored in the United States and may be accessed by law enforcement authorities in the United States and/or as may be required by law. If you choose to access or use the Website, you consent to the use and disclosure of information in accordance with this privacy policy and subject to such laws.

BY ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR WEBSITE TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT FURTHER ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE.

**What Information Do We Collect?**

Personal Information: We collect the following personal information in connection with the Website: (a) when you sign up to create a Pregnancy.org account, we collect the personal information you disclose on the account registration form, including your username, email address, password, first name, last name, address, gender, birthday, due date and date of conception for your pregnancy; (b) if you communicate with us by email, we will collect your email address; (c) when you visit the Website, our servers will automatically recognize your IP address; and (d) if you submit Content, you may, at your option, include information (such as your name or photograph) in the Content that can be used to identify you. All of this information is referred to in this Policy as "Personal Information". 

We may collect Personal Information from you in connection with sweepstakes, contests or other promotions which we may sponsor (collectively, “Promotions”) or make Personal Information available to Website visitors including your name, address, Promotion entrance information and any other Personal Information necessary to enter or be involved in a Promotion.

Web Tracking Information: We, and our third party service providers, may use web tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and clear GIFs in order to operate the Website efficiently and to collect data related to usage of the Website and to web and email marketing conducted by us or on our behalf. Such collected data ("Web Tracking Information") may include the address of the websites you visited before and after you visited the Website, the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, what pages in the Website you visit and what links you clicked on, and whether you opened email communications we send to you. In order to collect Web Tracking Information and to make your use of the Website more efficient, we may store cookies on your computer. In addition, the third party ad networks ("Ad Networks") that we use to display advertising to you may also store their own cookies on your computer. We may also use web tracking technologies that are placed in web pages on the Website or in email communications to collect information about actions that users take when they interact with the Website or such email communications, and Ad Networks and Pregnancy.org's Contractors (as hereinafter defined) may also do so. We do not correlate Web Tracking Information to individual user Personal Information. Some Web Tracking Information may include data, such as IP address data, that is unique to you. You may be able to modify your browser settings to alter which web tracking technologies are permitted when you use the Website, but this may affect the performance of the Website.

**How Do We Use the Information We Collect?**

Personal Information: We will use and store Personal Information for the purpose of delivering the Website to you, and to enhance and analyze the operation of the Website. We may also use Personal Information for the internal operational and administrative purposes of the Website and/or your ability to access or use certain parts of the Website.

Promotions: Personal Information collected in connection with Promotions may be used to administer, monitor or run the Promotion (including prize winner verification of identity and other verifications and assessments that we may, in our discretion and from time to time, make for the purposes of confirming that the integrity of the Promotion has been maintained), to award prizes, to enforce the rules and regulations of the Promotion and/or protect our legal rights in connection with the Promotion. We may also use Personal Information for marketing/publicity purposes connected with the Promotion, to monitor and track the awarding of prizes, to publish a list of Promotion winners and to comply with any legal requirements associated with the Promotion.  
Aggregate Information: We will also use customer information to create aggregated data for analytical purposes. This statistical information does not contain any Personal Information and is used to understand our customer base and to better serve our market.

Web Tracking Information: We use Web Tracking Information to administer the Website and to understand how well our Website is working, to store your user preferences and customize the Website pages you see, and to develop aggregate, statistical information on usage of the Websites. This allows us to determine which features visitors like best to help us improve our Website, to personalize your user experience, and to measure overall effectiveness.

Legal Exception: Notwithstanding the above, we may use Personal Information and other information collected through the Website to the extent required by law or legal process, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements (including this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service) with you, or if, in our reasonable discretion, use is necessary to protect our legal rights or to protect third parties. We may also use any information we collect in connection with the Website, including Personal Information for the purposes of any merger, acquisition, asset sale or similar transaction relating to the Website or our business; and (b) to any law enforcement, judicial authority, or governmental or regulatory authority, to the extent required by law or if in our reasonable discretion disclosure is necessary to enforce or protect our legal rights or to protect third parties.

Email Communications: If you create an account and provide your email address, we will send you administrative and promotional emails. If you wish to opt out of promotional emails, you may do so by following the "unsubscribe" instructions in the email, or by editing your account settings as described below. All users receive administrative emails necessary for the management of your account or your access to the Website, and so you cannot opt out of them while you remain an accountholder.

**What Information Do We Disclose to Third Parties?**

Personal Information: We will not disclose your Personal Information to any third parties except as follows: 

(i) we may disclose your name, address and email address to third party direct marketing firms that will use the information to send you advertisements (such as email advertisements or catalogues) featuring products and services that may be of interest to you. 

(ii) we will also disclose your Personal Information as noted above in connection with Promotions and to comply with legal requirements relating to our Promotions.

(iii) to third party contractors engaged to provide services on our behalf ("Contractors"), such as performing marketing services, analyzing data and usage of the Website, operating the Website or providing support and maintenance services for the Website, or providing customer service. We use reasonable efforts to enter into agreements with all Contractors that require Contractors to use the Personal Information they receive only to perform services for us.

(iv) when we have your consent to share the information.

Web Tracking Information: We disclose Web Tracking Information to third party advertisers, advertising agencies and Contractors, in order for us and such third parties to analyze the performance of the Website and the behavior of users, to operate and improve the Website, and to target advertising to users. We may also publish this information in order to promote the Website. In addition, Ad Networks may collect and use Web Tracking Information about your use of the Website and other websites to provide you with advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you; we do not control the manner in which Ad Networks use and disclose Web Tracking Information they collect. If you would like more information about Ad Networks, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp). 

Aggregate Information: We may disclose anonymous, aggregated information to third parties such as potential business partners, advertisers, and funding sources, in order to describe our business and operations.  
Network Operators: Use of the Website may involve use of the services of third party telecommunications carriers. Such carriers are not our contractors, and any information that a carrier collects in connection with your use of the Website is not "Personal Information" and is not subject to this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the acts or omissions of telecommunications carriers.

Network Operators: Use of the Website may involve use of the services of third party telecommunications carriers. Such carriers are not our contractors, and any information that a carrier collects in connection with your use of the Website is not "Personal Information" and is not subject to this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the acts or omissions of telecommunications carriers.

Additional Disclosures: We reserve the right to disclose any information we collect in connection with the Website, including Personal Information, (a) to any successor to our business as a result of any merger, acquisition, asset sale or similar transaction; and (b) to any law enforcement, judicial authority, or governmental or regulatory authority, to the extent required by law or if in our reasonable discretion disclosure is necessary to enforce or protect our legal rights or to protect third parties.

**Notice of Privacy Rights to California or Canadian Residents** – We disclose Personal Information to certain third party marketing firms, who may use your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes. If you are a resident of California or Canada, you may request from us, not more than once per year, the following information: (a) a list of the categories of Personal Information that we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year; and (b) the names and addresses of all third parties that received Personal Information from us in the preceding calendar year for direct marketing purposes, and examples of the products or Websites marketed by such third parties, if known. You may submit requests for such information to us by email to [support@Pregnancy.org](mailto:support@Pregnancy.org). If you do not want us to disclose your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes, you may notify us of that choice at any time.

**Privacy Settings/Opt Out**

If you would like your Personal Information permanently removed from our database, please contact us at [support@Pregnancy.org](mailto:support@Pregnancy.org). We will promptly delete your account and you will no longer receive email from Pregnancy.org. Your removal from the mailing list or database will not remove records of past transactions or delete information stored in our data backups and archives. Data on past transactions and data stored in backups and archives will be maintained and/or deleted in the ordinary course of Pregnancy.org's business.

**Access and Updating of Information**

Pregnancy.org is happy to allow you to review or amend your email address or contact details held in our database, at any time. Please contact us by sending an email to: [support@Pregnancy.org](mailto:support@Pregnancy.org) or by using your settings panel in your account online.

**General**

Security: We use reasonable security precautions to protect the security and integrity of your Personal Information in accordance with this policy and applicable law. However, no Internet transmission is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee that security breaches will not occur. Without limitation of the foregoing, we are not responsible for the actions of hackers and other unauthorized third parties that breach our reasonable security procedures.

Links: The Pregnancy.org website may contain links to other websites. Pregnancy.org is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those websites. Users should be aware of this when they leave our website and review the privacy statements of each third party website before accessing, reviewing or providing any information to any other Website. The privacy policies and terms of use of other websites may not be the same as our Privacy Policy or as the Terms of Service for this Website. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected for our Website.

Amendments: Pregnancy.org may modify or amend this policy from time to time. If we make any material changes, as determined by Pregnancy.org, in the way in which Personal Information is collected, used or transferred, we will notify you of these changes by modification of this Privacy Policy, which will be available for review by you at the Website. Notwithstanding any modifications we may make, any Personal Information collected by Pregnancy.org from you will be treated in accordance with the privacy policy in effect at the time information was collected, unless we obtain your consent otherwise.
