> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pregnancytoday.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-09-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110926075045id_/http%3A//www.pregnancytoday.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Pregnancy Videos | Pregnancy Today

  


| **What information does this Privacy Policy cover?**  
---|---  
| Except as specifically described below in A2 and A6, this Privacy Policy applies only to personally identifiable information collected on the Web site where this Privacy Policy is posted and does not apply to any other information collected by The Walt Disney Family of Companies through any other means. 

As used in this Privacy Policy, "The Walt Disney Family of Companies" refers to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiary and affiliated entities, singly or together, including companies such as ABC and ESPN that generally do not offer their products and services under the "Disney" brand name, as well as companies that generally do offer their products and services under the "Disney" brand name. (At times, our Web site refers to The Walt Disney Family of Companies as "The Walt Disney family of companies.") The Walt Disney Internet Group (including its subsidiaries) is a member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies, and is referred to in this Privacy Policy as "WDIG," "we," "us," "our," and "ourselves." 

In keeping with the traditions of The Walt Disney Company, we refer to individuals who purchase or use products or services of The Walt Disney Family of Companies as "guests." When this Privacy Policy uses the term "personally identifiable information," we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual's name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number. When other information (such as, for example, consumer product preferences or number of children) is directly associated with personally identifiable information, this other information also is treated as personally identifiable information for purposes of this Privacy Policy. Personally identifiable information does not include screen names (also known as member names, usernames or other online aliases) provided by our guests in the course of registering with or using our Web site, except in circumstances in which we request that guests provide their e-mail addresses as their screen names. Personally identifiable information is sometimes referred to in this Privacy Policy as "personal information." Finally, the terms of this Privacy Policy are subject to all applicable laws.

_back to top_  
  
| **What types of personally identifiable information do we collect about our guests?**  
---|---  
| We collect several types of personally identifiable information about our guests. _Information You Provide to Us_

Much of the personally identifiable information we receive comes directly from guests who are interested in obtaining various products and services from us or another member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies. Typically, this information includes the guest's name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number. We may also collect other types of information such as gender, age, number of children, and personal interests, which we may associate with personally identifiable information. If you purchase products or services from us or another member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies, we'll note, for example, credit card information, the type of services or products ordered or purchased, and the date of the order or purchase. You may also provide us photographs or other video materials, which may contain personal information. We may collect personal information when you register on, log on, or visit our Web site, including when you participate in activities on our Web site, such as sweepstakes, contests, games, and informational and promotional offers, and when you provide information to our customer service representatives

. Finally, our Web site may offer message boards, conversation pages, chat rooms, social community environments, profile pages, and other Public Forums (as defined in the Terms of Use governing our Web site (the "Terms of Use")), as well as other features in which you may provide us with User Submissions (as defined in the Terms of Use). If you provide personal information when you use any of these features, that personal information may be publicly posted and otherwise disclosed without limitation as to its use by a third party. Our rules regarding User Submissions are described in the Terms of Use, including in the "User Submissions," "Public Forums and Communication" and "House Rules" sections of the Terms of Use. _Information Collected Through Technology_

We collect information through technology to make our site more interesting and useful to you and for various purposes related to our business. For instance, when you come to our site, we collect your IP address. An IP address is associated with the access point through which you enter the Internet, and is typically controlled by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), your company, or your university. Standing alone, your IP address is not personally identifiable. We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our site, and we may combine IP addresses with personally identifiable information. 

Our Web site collects information through a variety of technical methods, including cookies and Web beacons. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site sends to your computer while you are viewing the Web site. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Web sites. Cookies, web beacons and other technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf.

We may use the information collected through these technical methods for many purposes, including delivering content, tracking and enhancing our guests' experience on our Web site. For example, when you return to our Web site after logging in, cookies provide information to the site so that the site will remember who you are. We also may use technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our Web site, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our Web site, and third party Web sites, such as the frequency with which our users visit other Web sites. In HTML e-mails that we send our guests, we may use technical methods for a number of purposes, including: to determine whether our guests have opened or forwarded those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails, to customize the display of banner advertisements and other messages after a guest has closed the e-mail, and to determine whether a guest has made an inquiry or purchase in response to a particular e-mail. These technical methods may enable us to collect and use information in a form that is personally identifiable. 

Advertisements may be managed and placed on our Web site by third parties that are called "network advertisers." Network advertisers who place advertisements on our Web site may use cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our Web site and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like to obtain more information about the practices of some of these network advertisers and to make choices about their use of your information, please 

_click here_. Finally, please keep in mind that if you click on an advertisement on our Web site and link to a third party's Web site, then our Privacy Policy will not apply to your personally identifiable information collected on that third party's Web site and you must read the privacy policy posted on that site to see how your personally identifiable information will be handled. _Information That We Collect from Others_

We may update and supplement personally identifiable information that we have collected directly from our guests with other information that we obtain from third parties and other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies. In addition, we may obtain personally identifiable information about individuals who are not yet users of our Web site or guests of The Walt Disney Family of Companies. In addition, when we associate information that we obtain from third parties or other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies with personally identifiable information that we have collected under this Privacy Policy, we will treat the acquired information like the information that we collected ourselves and, except as permitted by this Privacy Policy, the information will not be shared with third parties.

  


On December 3, 2007, WDIG purchased substantially all of the assets of iParenting, LLC. In connection with this purchase, WDIG has posted this new Privacy Policy. After December 3, 2007, if a guest visits this Web site and accepts this new Privacy Policy, then, upon such acceptance, the ownership of all personally identifiable information that is owned by iParenting, LLC and pertains to the guest will be transferred from iParenting, LLC to WDIG.   


_back to top_  
  
| **How is your personally identifiable information used and shared?**  
---|---  
| As described in detail below, The Walt Disney Family of Companies may use your personally identifiable information in many ways, including sending you promotional materials, and sharing your information with third parties so that these third parties can send you promotional materials. (By "promotional materials," we mean communications that directly promote the use of Web sites, or the purchase of products or services.) As outlined below in A4, you may "opt out" of certain uses of your personal information. _General Provisions for Sharing and Use by The Walt Disney Family of Companies, Licensees and Co-Branding Participants_

Personally identifiable information collected under this Privacy Policy is shared among and used by The Walt Disney Family of Companies for many purposes. For example, The Walt Disney Family of Companies may use your personal information to send you promotional materials about goods and services (including special offers and promotions) either offered by The Walt Disney Family of Companies or offered by third parties. These promotional materials may be sent to you by postal mail, e-mail or other means. You may opt out of receiving these communications as provided in A4 below. Please keep in mind, however, that when you purchase or request products or services (or information about products or services) from a particular member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies, promotional materials about goods and services offered by another member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies and/or by a third party may accompany delivery of the product, service or information that you have requested. We refer to sending you promotional materials in these circumstances as "Fulfillment Uses" of your personal information. Because these promotional materials accompany products, services or information that you have requested, your opt-outs for Individual Disney Companies, The Walt Disney Family of Companies and Third Parties under A4 below will not apply to any of these Fulfillment Uses. 

The Walt Disney Family of Companies may also use your personal information for many purposes other than sending you promotional materials. (We refer to all of these types of uses of your personal information that do not involve the sending of promotional materials as "Operational Uses.") For example, we may use your information to complete transactions requested by you (such as your purchase of a product or service offered on our Web site), or to send you administrative communications either about your account with us or about features of our Web site, including any future changes to this Privacy Policy. Because these uses of your personal information do not involve sending you promotional materials, your opt-outs under A4 below will not apply to any of these Operational Uses. 

In addition to using your personal information within The Walt Disney Family of Companies, The Walt Disney Family of Companies may share your personal information with companies that offer products and/or services under brand names or using characters or other intellectual property of The Walt Disney Family of Companies. These companies are called "licensees." The Walt Disney Family of Companies may also share your personal information with companies that offer products and/or services that are co-branded using brand names of The Walt Disney Family of Companies. These companies are called "co-branding participants." When The Walt Disney Family of Companies shares personal information with third parties acting as licensees and co-branding participants, these licensees and co-branding participants are restricted by contract from using the personal information for any marketing or promotional purpose that is not related to a licensed or co-branded product or service. Finally, to further protect your privacy, these licensees and co-branding participants' use of personal information shared with them under this Privacy Policy is subject to the same opt-out rights (and limitations upon those rights) that apply to use of personal information by members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies under A4 below. 

Finally, The Walt Disney Family of Companies may take your personally identifiable information and make it non-personally identifiable, either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), or by removing characteristics (such as your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you (de-personalizing your information). Given the nature of this information, there are no restrictions under this Privacy Policy upon the right of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information, and The Walt Disney Family of Companies may use and/or share with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information in any way.

  
_Third Parties Offering Promotions, Products, or Services_

Subject to your opt-out choices (see A4 below), The Walt Disney Family of Companies may share your personal information with selected third parties so that they can send you promotional materials about goods and services (including special offers and promotions) offered by them. (We call this type of sharing "promotional sharing" or sharing for "promotional purposes.") When sharing your information for promotional purposes, The Walt Disney Family of Companies attempts to select only reputable companies that offer high quality products and services. Moreover, The Walt Disney Family of Companies will not share your e-mail address with third parties for promotional purposes, except when you consent to such sharing in the course of your participation in a Sponsored Activity as described below. When The Walt Disney Family of Companies shares your personal information with a third party under any circumstance described in this "Third Parties Offering Promotions, Products, or Services" section, your personal information will become permanently subject to the information use and sharing practices of the third party, and the third party will not be restricted by this Privacy Policy with respect to its use and further sharing of your personal information. 

In addition to the promotional sharing that is subject to your opt-out choices under A4 below, The Walt Disney Family of Companies may also share your information when you engage in certain activities on our site that are sponsored by third parties, such as purchasing products or services offered by a third party, electing to receive information or communications from a third party, or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes, games or other programs sponsored in whole or in part by a third party. The Walt Disney Family of Companies may also share your personal information when you respond to promotional materials from The Walt Disney Family of Companies and authorize a third party to use your personal information for purposes such as, for example, sending you additional promotional materials, providing you a product or service, or entering you in a contest, sweepstakes or game. (We refer to all of these activities and requests as "Sponsored Activities.") When you participate in Sponsored Activities, you will either be required or requested to agree that the sponsor or business associate may use your personal information (including, in some cases, your e-mail address) in accordance with the sponsor or business associate's privacy practices. Since you will have consented to this specific instance of sharing of your personal information, the opt-out choice for "Third Parties" described in A4 below will not apply. 

_Companies That Facilitate Communications and Transactions with You_

Sometimes The Walt Disney Family of Companies hires companies to help provide products or services, like a shipping company that delivers a package or a company that helps fulfill prizes for a sweepstakes. In those instances, there is a need to share your information with these companies. Sometimes The Walt Disney Family of Companies also works with other companies who help either gather your information or communicate with you, such as a company that helps to provide customer service. Your opt-out choices under A4 below will not apply to sharing by The Walt Disney Family of Companies of your personal information with any of these companies. Nonetheless, except as separately permitted by other provisions of this Privacy Policy, these companies are allowed to gather, receive, and use your information only for the purposes described in this paragraph or to facilitate compliance with laws. 

_Companies That You Previously Authorized to Obtain Your Information_

In certain circumstances, your dealings with a third party may have authorized that third party to obtain your personal information from The Walt Disney Family of Companies and to use that information in accordance with the third party's own privacy practices and policies. For example, in using an online shopping service (such as the shopping services offered by Internet portals that refer the portal's users to third-party merchants), you may have authorized that shopping service to obtain from the service's participating third-party merchants (including The Walt Disney Family of Companies) information about your purchases conducted through the shopping service. In such circumstances, your opt-out elections under A4 below will not apply to sharing of your personal information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies. Nonetheless, The Walt Disney Family of Companies will provide such companies only the information that you authorized (except as separately permitted under other provisions of this Privacy Policy). In the example given above, the shopping service would be provided only information concerning purchases you made from The Walt Disney Family of Companies through that shopping service, and would not be provided any other information concerning you, unless any additional sharing of your personal information were separately permitted under another provision of this Privacy Policy. 

_Purchase or Sale of Businesses_

From time to time, we may purchase a business or sell one or more of our businesses (or portions thereof) and your personally identifiable information may be transferred as a part of the purchase or sale. In the event that we purchase a business, the personally identifiable information received with that business would be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy, if it is practicable and permissible to do so. In the event that we sell a business, we will include provisions in the selling contract requiring the purchaser to treat your personally identifiable information in the same manner required by this Privacy Policy (including any amendments to this Privacy Policy). In light of this protection, your opt-out choices under A4 will not affect our right to transfer your information to a purchaser in these circumstances. The provisions of this paragraph will also apply in the event that one or more businesses of any other member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies are sold and personal information subject to this Privacy Policy is transferred to a purchaser of those businesses. 

_Disclosures to Comply With Laws and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Web Site, The Walt Disney Family of Companies and Others_

Regardless of any opt-out choices that you make under A4, The Walt Disney Family of Companies will disclose personal information when it believes in good faith that such disclosures (a) facilitate compliance with laws, including, for example, compliance with a court order or subpoena, or (b) will help to: enforce our Terms of Use; enforce contest, sweepstakes, promotions, and/or game rules; protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you; and/or, protect the safety and security of our Web site, The Walt Disney Family of Companies, and/or third parties, including the safety and security of property that belongs to The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties.

  


_Authentication of Prior iParenting.com Registrants_   


As discussed above in A2, on December 3, 2007, WDIG purchased substantially all of the assets of iParenting, LLC. In connection with this purchase, WDIG has posted this new Privacy Policy and the new Terms of Use. For any guest that registered on this Web site prior to December 3, 2007, WDIG will need to determine whether the guest has signified his or her acceptance of this new Privacy Policy and the new Terms of Use. Accordingly, each time that a guest visits this Web site, WDIG will collect the guest's e-mail address and/or password for that purpose. Unless and until the guest has signified his or her acceptance of this new Privacy Policy, the guest's e-mail address and/or password will not be used by WDIG to send the guest any promotional materials.

_back to top_  
  
| **What choices do you have about the collection, use, and sharing of your personally identifiable information?**  
---|---  
| With regard to personal information that you have provided under this Privacy Policy, there are three separate opt-out choices available to you. These opt-out choices are the means by which you give us, or decline to give us, your consent to use your personal information for the purposes covered by these opt-out choices. You can exercise your opt-out choices during the registration process on this Web site and as described below in A6. Each of these opt-out choices is subject to the exceptions described further below in this A4. 

Your three opt-out choices are:

  
_Third Parties_ : You may choose to opt out of receiving promotional materials from third parties. If you do not choose this opt-out, The Walt Disney Family of Companies may share your personal information so that third parties can send you these promotional materials. Please bear in mind that this opt-out choice for "Third Parties" will not apply to the licensees and co-branding participants described above in A3. _The Walt Disney Family of Companies_ : You may choose to opt out of receiving promotional materials from members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies, including the licensees and co-branding participants described above in A3. Your election to choose this "The Walt Disney Family of Companies" opt-out will not, however, override any consent that you provide to receive promotional materials from iParenting.com. _iParenting.com_ : You may choose to opt out of receiving promotional materials directly from iParenting.com during the registration process on this Web site or as described below in A6. However, if you do not also opt out of receiving promotional materials from "The Walt Disney Family of Companies" as described in the preceding paragraph, you may still receive promotional materials from iParenting.com. 

Please keep in mind that any opt-out choices you make will not apply in situations where (a) you either have made, simultaneously make, or later make a specific request for information from a member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies, (b) The Walt Disney Family of Companies uses your personal information for either "Operational Uses" or "Fulfillment Uses" (as described above in A3), (c) you either have engaged, simultaneously engage, or later engage in Sponsored Activities (as described above in A3), or (d) The Walt Disney Family of Companies shares your personal information under the provisions of A3 above with respect to "Companies That Facilitate Communications and Transactions With You," "Companies That You Previously Authorized to Obtain Your Information," "Purchase or Sale of Businesses," or "Disclosures to Comply with Laws and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Web Site, The Walt Disney Family of Companies and Others." Also, any opt-out choices you make will not apply to personal information that you provide about other persons, but these other persons will have the opportunity to opt out of receiving promotional materials. 

In addition, any time that we send you promotional materials that you have consented to receive under one of the previously described opt-out choices, we may accompany those materials with promotional materials covered by the other opt-out choices. We may do so even if you have opted out of receiving promotional materials covered by those other opt-out choices. Any such additional promotional materials, however, will constitute only a minor part of any particular communication with you. 

  


Finally, if you do not exercise your opt-out choices upon registration or initial log-in at our Web site, it may take up to ninety (90) days for your opt-out choices to be fully effective. Our systems require time to update, and promotional mailings using your personal information shared before your opt-out may already be in process. Finally, please keep in mind that, if you have not consistently used the same postal and email addresses on our Web site, or if you have used a general change of address process (such as the change of address process offered by the U.S. Post Office) after providing address information on our Web site, systems maintained by members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may have varying contact information for you. Accordingly, it may not always be possible to match your new opt-out choices with your personal information that you previously have provided.   


_back to top_  
  
| **What kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard your personally identifiable information?**  
---|---  
| The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect guest information from unauthorized access and improper use. From time to time, we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.

_back to top_  
  
| **How can you update your contact information and opt-out choices?**  
---|---  
| You can access and update the contact information you gave us during registration (that is, your postal address, e-mail address, or any other information that would directly enable us to contact you), or modify your opt-out choices, by logging in with your e-mail address and password at _my iparenting_. We may also provide you an opportunity to update your contact information and/or modify your opt-out choices by sending you an e-mail or other communication that invites your response. Finally, you may unsubscribe from certain e-mail communications by clicking on unsubscribe links in those e-mails.

In some cases, your account may expire or be terminated under our Terms of Use. If so, you may contact Member Services at the address in A7 below to update your information and opt-out choices (to the extent that we still retain them).

_back to top_  
  
| **How can you ask questions, or send us comments, about this Privacy Policy?**  
---|---  
| If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail with your questions or comments to [_ms_support@help.go.com_](mailto:ms_support@help.go.com) or write us:

Member Services   
WDIG   
500 S. Buena Vista St.   
Mail Code 7716   
Burbank, CA 91521-7716   





Please be assured that any personal information that you provide in communications to the above e-mail and postal mail addresses will not be used to send you promotional materials, unless you so request.

_back to top_  
  
| **How will you know if we amend this Privacy Policy?**  
---|---  
| We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we amend this Privacy Policy to permit material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you of such amendment by sending you an e-mail at the last e-mail address that you provided us, and/or by prominently posting notice of such amendment on this Web site. Any such amendment to this Privacy Policy will be effective thirty (30) calendar days following either our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or our posting of notice of the changes on this Web site. Please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us your current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the amendment described in the notice. In any event, an amendment to this Privacy Policy may permit material changes in the way we use and share personal information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of such amendment. If you do not wish to allow such material changes, you must so notify us (in the manner we specify) prior to the effective date of the amendment. If you provide us this notice, we may choose to deactivate your account. Please be advised, however, that, regardless of whether you provide such notice to us, any such amendment to this Privacy Policy will apply to any personal information that you provide us on or after the effective date of such amendment.   


_back to top_
