> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the prepsportswear.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071211035432id_/http%3A//www.prepsportswear.com/info.aspx%3Fcategory%3Dprivacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PrepSportswear.com FAQ

| 

**Privacy Policy**  
Prep Sportswear knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will protect your privacy. This notice describes our privacy policy. **By visiting Prep Sportswear, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.** **What Personal Information About Customers Does Prep Sportswear Gather?**  
**Information You Give Us**  
We receive and store any information you enter on Prep Sportswear or give us in any other way. You provide information to Prep Sportswear when you register, sign-in, search, purchase products, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone number; gender; credit card information; e-mail address; high school; class year; or people to whom purchases have been shipped (for example, a gift recipient), including address and phone number. **Information Automatically Collected**  
We automatically receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit Prep Sportswear. Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history; Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from Prep Sportswear, including date and time, cookie number, products you viewed or searched for and your favorite stores. **What Are Cookies?**  
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide customized features. We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of Prep Sportswear. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing customized services. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a cookie. Cookies also allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on Prep Sportswear and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently. **Information from Other Sources**  
We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. For example, we may receive updated delivery and address information from our shippers or other sources so that we can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily. **Use of Your Information**  
By visiting our site, you agree that we may use personally identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve our content and product offerings, and customize Prep Sportswear's content, layout, and services. These uses improve Prep Sportswear and better tailor it to meet your needs. You agree that we may use your information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as administrative notices, product offerings, special discounts or promotions and communications relevant to your use of Prep Sportswear. **Does Prep Sportswear Disclose the Information It Receives?**  
Information about our customers is an important part of our business. We do not sell or license any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personally identifiable information may be disclosed. **Product Manufacturers and Affiliate Partners**  
Prep Sportswear manufactures the majority of the products listed on Prep Sportswear. We may in the future operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines jointly with other manufacturer's or affiliate partners and may share our data, including personally identifiable information about you, with these manufacturer's or affiliate partners when necessary, for example, to complete or ship your order to the correct address. **Agents**  
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), and processing credit card payments.. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. **Business Transfers**  
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy. If Prep Sportswear, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets. **Legal Disclosures of Your Information**  
We may disclose information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we believe necessary in connection with an investigation of illegal activity that may expose you or us to legal liability. In addition, if you have purchased products from us on extended payment terms, it may be necessary for us to file certain information about you with state or local government offices to perfect our security interest in the products so purchased, or to provide certain information about you to collection agencies in the event of non-payment or a payment dispute. **What Choices Do You Have?**  
You can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to take a purchase or to take advantage of other features on Prep Sportswear. **Minors**  
We require children under the age of 13 to inform their parents of their intent to use Prep Sportswear. We also ask that minors under the age of 16 do NOT submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor (under the age of 18), you can use Prep Sportswear only in conjunction with your parents or guardians permission. **Conditions of Use and Revisions**  
If you choose to visit Prep Sportswear, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and our User Agreement, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the State of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at Prep Sportswear, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Policy and the User Agreement will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our policies and agreement, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers. 
