> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the prescreen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111013034426id_/https%3A//prescreen.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Prescreen: Discover one new Movie Each Day, Stream On Demand

We at Prescreen, Inc. have created this privacy policy to describe our information gathering and dissemination practices with respect to information we collect through our website. This privacy policy does not govern our use of any information you provide to us when you call us, write to us, or communicate with us in any manner other than through our website. Because the Internet is global, information about you that we collect or that you submit may be transferred to, processed in, and held in countries (including the United States) other than the one in which you reside. By using our website, you explicitly consent to such use of your information and agree to the terms of this privacy policy. By renting digital versions of movies (“Programs”) through the website, you may share the history of those Program transactions with third parties. This privacy policy is effective as of July 18, 2011. 

You can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information (which we will refer to in this privacy policy as "Personal Data") about yourself. To obtain access to certain areas of our website, however, or to receive certain services we provide (e.g., e-mail newsletters), you may be required to register with us and, in connection with such registration, to provide certain Personal Data (e.g., your name and e-mail address). We use such information to provide the service you requested, to monitor internal usage of our website, and to contact you from time to time about us, our website, and our products and services. In addition, if you wish to make a purchase from our website, you are required to register with us and, in connection with such registration, to provide certain Personal Data (e.g., your full name, e mail address, billing address (and, if different, the address to which you would like your order shipped), phone number, and credit card information). We use such information to fulfill your order and to contact you from time to time about us, our website, and our products and services. If you choose to use our website to notify a friend about us, we will ask you for your friend’s email address. We store this information to send this email, to register your friend with us if he or she is interested, and to track the success of our notification service. 

We automatically collect certain information to help us understand how visitors use our website (which we will refer to in this privacy policy as "Usage Data"). For example, each time you visit our website we automatically collect your IP address, browser and computer type, access time, the webpage from which you came, and the webpage(s) that you access during your visit. We also use cookies (which are small amounts of data sent from a web server to your browser that are stored on your computer's hard drive) to keep track of your use of our website, to validate your identity, to remember your password and preferences, to tailor our website to meet your personal interests, and to improve the quality of our website. In addition, third parties who place advertisements on our website may also collect information through cookies to ensure that their advertising systems and technologies work properly and to allow them to track responses to their advertisements. Cookies set by these third parties are governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. Generally, you can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you if you are sent a cookie, giving you the opportunity to choose whether or not to accept the cookie. Please note that if you do set your browser not to accept cookies, certain areas of our website may not function properly. 

Our website is not intended for and may not be used by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target our website to children under the age of 13. 

Generally. Except as otherwise described in this section of our privacy policy, we will not share your Personal Data or Usage Data with any third party without your permission. 

### Aggregated Data

From time to time, we may share aggregated Personal Data (excluding any credit card information) and Usage Data with third parties. We will not share any aggregated data, however, in manner that would enable the recipient to personally identify you. In addition, we may combine Usage Data with Personal Data in a manner that enables us to trace Usage Data to an individual user. We do so, however, only for our own internal business purposes and will not share such combined data with third parties without your permission. 

### Service Providers

From time to time, we may enter into relationships with third parties who provide services to us (e.g., credit card processing services, shipping services, or data management and storage services). In those circumstances, we disclose information about you that is necessary for such service providers to perform those services, but only if such service providers agree not to disclose or use your information except as necessary to perform such services. 

### Other Disclosure Scenarios

Notwithstanding anything in this privacy policy to the contrary, we reserve the right, unless limited by applicable law, to share any information we have collected about you or that you have submitted: (1) in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; (2) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or property; (3) if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding situations that involve significant abuse of our website infrastructure or the Internet in general (such as voluminous spamming, denial of service attacks, or attempts to compromise the security of information); (4) to our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us (in which case we will require such entities to honor this privacy policy); and (5) if we are acquired by or merged with another entity. 

Your use of areas of our website that are intended for interaction with other users (e.g., public profiles, message boards, discussion rooms, and other online forums) may allow you to post Personal Data. By choosing to use these areas, you understand and agree that anyone may access, use, and disclose any Personal Data that you post to those areas. By renting Programs through the website, you may share the history of your Program transactions with other website users, and with others through third party websites. 

We offer you the opportunity to choose not to receive communications from us. If you would like to take advantage of this opportunity, please let us know by sending us an e mail to unsubscribe@prescreen.com (please send your request from the e mail address associated with your account). Please note that sometimes these requests may take up to ten business days to process and that we are not responsible for removing information about you from the database of any third party with which we shared your Personal Data prior to processing your request. Even if you do take advantage of this opportunity, we reserve the right to send you administrative messages relating to our website (e.g., about changes to this privacy policy), to contact you regarding orders you have placed (e.g., order confirmations and shipment tracking information), and to share your information with our service providers. 

### Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Personal Data

If you would like to modify or delete from our database any Personal Data you previously submitted to us, please let us know by accessing and updating your profile on our website or by sending us an e mail to info@presceen.com (please send your request from the e mail address associated with your account and clearly state what Personal Data you would like modified or deleted). Please note that sometimes these requests may take up to ten business days to process, that any Personal Data that we have copied may remain in back-up storage for some period of time after your request, and that if you delete certain information (e.g., your billing address or credit card number) you may not be able to purchase products in the future without re-submitting such information. Also, please note that we will maintain information about you in our database whenever we are required to do so by law. 

We have implemented reasonable measures to help protect your Personal Data from loss, misuse, or unauthorized access or disclosure. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its security. 

Our website may contain links to other websites and services provided by third parties, and, at your direction may connect to third party websites through the use of an application program interface (API). Any information you provide on third party websites or services or by connecting through an API is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s policies, if any, governing privacy and security. By authorizing us to connect via an API to a third party websites (for example, Facebook or Twitter), the third party may make available to us certain Personal Data about you. You authorize us to use such Personal Data received via the API as part of your public profile on our website and in accordance with this privacy policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such other website (whether accessed through an API, advertisement, service, or content link) and urge you to review such practices prior to submitting any personal information to such websites. 

We may update this privacy policy from time to time. If under any such update we make any material change to the way in which we treat your Personal Data or Usage Data, we will inform you of such change via e mail or by posting a notice on relevant areas of our website. Any updated version of this privacy policy will be effective as of the date set forth therein. 

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at [info@prescreen.com](mailto:info@prescreen.com) or 209-218-6403. 
