> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pressassociation.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090620144211id_/http%3A//www.pressassociation.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Press Association | Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us. Any personal information you provide to us will be dealt with in accordance with this privacy policy. In the UK, we operate and are registered in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.

All of the PA Group of companies* are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy explains our data processing practices and your options regarding the ways in which your personal data is used. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to our processing please contact us by [sending an email](http://www.pressassociation.com/contact.html) or write to us at: The Data Protection Officer, Legal Department, The Press Association Limited, 292 Vauxhall Bridge Road, London SW1V 1AE. 

Whenever you supply personal information to any PA Group company we are obliged to deal with that information in a lawful way in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.

We may request information from you in order to process your transaction, fulfil your order or provide you with the services and products you expect. This information may include, but is not limited to, details such as your name, your address, your e-mail address, telephone number and bank account details. If you subscribe to any PA Group service or product we will use your personal information to provide you with the service or product you select (e.g. sending you password reminders or notices about the relevant service or product being suspended for emergency or routine maintenance). In addition, we may collect information from you, for example, in order to reply to any enquiry you make of any PA Group company or notify you of a change to our service. We may use the information you provide for our own internal statistical purposes. We may also use your personal information to provide you with information relating to products or services we think may interest you, by letter, email or on your mobile device, where you have consented to receiving such information. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers or in secure filing systems.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us via the internet; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.

We may give your personal information to other companies within the PA Group, for the purposes of providing products and services you have requested from us and so that those group companies can provide you with information, relating to products and services we think may interest you, where you have consented to receiving such information. However, we will not disclose any personal information you provide to us to any third party organisation outside the PA Group of companies, unless:~ we need to do so to provide you with the products or services you select;~ we are obliged or permitted by law to disclose it;~ we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;~ a PA Group company or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it will be one of the transferred assets; or~ to protect the rights, property, or safety of any PA Group Company, its customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Whenever you submit personal information to any PA Group company you may opt out of receiving any further promotional material from the PA Group of companies. If you wish to opt out of receiving any promotional material from any PA Group company please contact the PA personnel to whom you submitted your personal information, or you may [send an email](http://www.pressassociation.com/contact.html), or use the "unsubscribe" process described in the promotional email.

If you wish to correct or update any of the personal details we hold about you, please contact your usual PA Group contact as soon as possible or write to us at: The Data Protection Officer, Legal Department, The Press Association Limited, 292 Vauxhall Bridge Road, London SW1V 1AE.

You have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you and have any inaccuracies corrected. Please address requests to: The Data Protection Officer, Legal Department, The Press Association Limited, 292 Vauxhall Bridge Road, London SW1V 1AE. Any request may be subject to a fee (currently £10) to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.

#### Web Sites 

When you visit any PA Group company web site we may use a "cookie". Cookies are text files stored by your browser software that identify your computer to our server. We may use cookies to obtain information about your general internet usage, improve our site and deliver a better service to you. To do this, cookies enable us to estimate audience size and usage patterns, store information about your preferences and recognise you when you return to our site. Please note that our site may include elements provided by third parties who may also use cookies, over which we have no control. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the settings of cookies. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of our site.

PA Group web sites may contain links to other web sites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Please note that, if you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours. 

Any changes we make to this privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.

*PA Group means any other company which is more than 50% owned or controlled by PA Group Limited (company number 4197) or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries (such as The Press Association Limited or PA Photos Limited) from time to time.
