> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the presentationpro.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100624143237id_/http%3A//www.presentationpro.com/t-privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PresentationPro Privacy Statement

Privacy Statement 

PresentationPro, Inc. has created this privacy statement ("Statement") in order to demonstrate our commitment to customer privacy. Privacy on our website (the "Site") is of great importance to us. Because we gather important information from our visitors and customers, we have established this Statement as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. PresentationPro reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of this Agreement or its policies relating to the Service at any time and shall notify you by posting an updated version of this Agreement on the Site and/or by sending you an email message. 

PresentationPro is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. We require customers who register to use the services ("Services") offered on our Site to give us contact information, such as their name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number and expiration date. PresentationPro uses the information that we collect to set up Services for our customers. We may also use the information to contact customers to further discuss customer interest in our company and the Services that we provide and to provide information on updates to the Service. Except as we explicitly state at the time we request information, as stated herein, or as provided for in the PresentationPro Terms of Use, we do not disclose to any third party the information provided. All billing information that we collect through the Site is used solely to bill for Services. PresentationPro does not use this billing information for marketing or promotional purposes. PresentationPro uses a third party intermediary to manage the credit card processing. This intermediary is solely a link in the distribution chain, and is not permitted to store, retain, or use the information provided, except for the sole purpose of credit card processing.

Cookies are files that your web browser places on your computer's hard drive and are used to tell us whether you have visited the Services previously. PresentationPro uses a persistent cookie to help save and retrieve usernames used on the Service. PresentationPro issues a session cookie only to record encrypted authentication information for the duration of a specific session. The session cookie does not include either the username or password of the user.

Our log files capture the URLs of the pages visited, browser type, screen resolution, and IP addresses for the purpose of analyzing trends, tracking user movement, administering the site, and gathering broad demographic information for aggregate use. None of this information is linked to personally identifiable.

We will share aggregated demographic information about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors including our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. Examples include reports on how many times a certain page was viewed, or how many distinct users used the service. PresentationPro will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information to any third party except (a) when such information is transferred to a purchaser of all or substantially all of PresentationPro business interests, or (b) when we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements, or (iii) protect the rights, property, or safety of PresentationPro, our users, or others.

This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the Site. The Site contains links to other sites. When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, PresentationPro cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties or for their privacy practices. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website with which they interact.

PresentationPro uses industry-standard technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site to help ensure its security. Refer to the PresentationPro Security statement for additional information.

Questions regarding this Statement or the practices of this Site should be directed to PresentationPro's Privacy Administrator by e-mailing such questions to [support@presentationpro.com](mailto:support@presentationpro.com)  

