> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the preventnow.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-04-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160411040052id_/https%3A//preventnow.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Prevent

## Privacy Policy

* * *

Omada Health, Inc. (the “Company”) knows that you care about how your personal information is collected, used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting the PreventNow.com website and domain name (and the other websites we own or operate, including, without limitation, www.omadahealth.com), and any other linked pages, features, content, or application services offered from time to time by the Company in connection therewith (collectively, the “Sites,” as further defined in our Terms of Use (“Terms”), or using any of our Services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meanings set forth in our Terms, available at [https://preventnow.com/terms-of-use/](https://preventnow.com/terms-of-use/).

“Company” or the terms “we” or “us” or similar terms refer to Omada Health, Inc. “You” or “your” or similar terms refer to you as a user of our Services.

By accepting our Privacy Policy during registration, or by visiting and/or using the Sites or any of our Services, you (a) expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure and processing of your Personal Information (as defined below) in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and (b) expressly acknowledge that you have read and understood our HIPAA Notice, which provides important information to you about how we may use and disclose health information about you. Our HIPAA Notice is available at [https://preventnow.com/hipaa/](https://preventnow.com/hipaa/).

As used in this Privacy Policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information include, among other things, using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis, and using or handling information in any way, including without limitation collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing, and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally, as well as using personal information to respond to user / applicant or sponsor (i.e., the entity or organization paying for your participation in our Services) requests and to provide the requested products and services.

#### 1\. WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?

Personal Information – In General.

This Privacy Policy covers how we use and disclose personally identifiable information that we gather from the time that you initially access our Sites or use our Services. Personally identifiable information refers to any information about you that can be used to contact or identify you, and information on your use or potential use of the Sites or our Services (collectively, “Personal Information”). This policy does not apply to the practices of companies and / or Sites that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.

Protected Health Information.

We are dedicated to maintaining the privacy and integrity of your protected health information (“PHI”). PHI is Personal (individually identifiable) Information about you that relates to (a) your past, present, or future physical or mental health or condition, (b) the provision of health care to you, or (c) your past, present, or future payment for the provision of health care, which is created, received, transmitted, or maintained by the Company. This Privacy Policy describes how we protect your privacy as a visitor to, or general user of our Sites and Services. You have additional rights under federal and state law with respect to the access to, use, and disclosure of Personal Information that constitutes PHI. For a more complete description of your rights with respect to PHI, please refer to our HIPAA Notice, which provides important information to you about how we may use and disclose your PHI. Our HIPAA Notice is available here: [https://preventnow.com/hipaa/](https://preventnow.com/hipaa/)

#### 2\. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

We collect personal information you choose to provide, _e.g._ , through registrations, applications, use of the Services, surveys, and in connection with your inquiries, from the time that you initially access our Sites or use our Services. The information we gather from customers enables us to personalize and improve our Services.

From time to time, we may use or augment the personal information we have about you with information obtained from third parties. For example, we may use such third party information to confirm contact or financial information, to verify eligibility, or to better understand your interests by associating demographic information with the information you have provided.

We collect the following types of information from our customers:

Personal Information You Provide to Us.

We receive and store any information you enter on our Sites or provide to us in several ways. Personal Information that we collect may include things like your full name, mobile phone number, credit card and/or other payment information (if applicable – i.e., self-pay participants), your email address and the email address of your contacts, home and business postal addresses, IP address, browser information, username, password, certain health information (e.g., weight, insurance information), and any other information or data that you provide when using our Sites and/or our Services. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but that may result in our inability to provide you access to many of our special features. Omada’s goal is to use the Personal Information you provide for such purposes as answering questions and communicating with you about the Company’s products and services, including updates and new features.

 **PLEASE NOTE:** By using the Services, you consent to and authorize Omada to disclose your eligibility for and participation in the Services (i.e., you meet the clinical enrollment criteria for the Services which identify those individuals at risk for certain chronic diseases and have elected at your own discretion to participate in the same) to the other users of the Sites and Services. The users, including but not limited to Site administrators, Health Coaches, and your fellow support group members will have access to a range of Personal Information such as your name and picture, linking you to your diagnosis and reason for program participation. Specifically, as we group participants based on certain characteristics, fellow support group members may be co-workers or other acquaintances.

We take great efforts in protecting your privacy, however, _w_ e cannot control, and expressly disclaim any responsibility for, whether or how users will subsequently use or disclose posted or previously disclosed information. If you do not consent to the disclosure of this information, you should not access or use the Sites or the Services. The Services include the ability for users to share Personal Information, including information regarding your medical condition. Any information you choose to provide or upload to the group Sites, including Personal Information about your medical condition, will be visible to your group, as well as Health Coaches, Site administrators, and other Site users. As your information will be viewable to the other users of the Sites, you should provide only the information you feel comfortable disclosing. There may be an opportunity to speak on the phone or via video chat in a group conference call. Participation in such opportunities is not mandatory, but should you choose to participate, you should share only as much information as you feel comfortable sharing in these additional forums.

Personal Information Collected Automatically.

We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Sites and / or use our Services. We automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, and the page you requested. In addition, we may use personal identifiers to recognize you when you arrive at the Site via an external link, _e.g._ , such as a link appearing on a third party site or in an Omada-generated email presented to you. _See also_ our _What About Cookies?_ section below. We will also use your information to provide customer service and support.

Generally, our Services automatically collect usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Sites and its components, similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show. We only use this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would permit us to identify you personally (“De-identified Information”). This type of aggregate data enables us to figure out how often users or customers use parts of the Sites or Services so that we can make the Sites and Services as appealing to as many users and customers as possible and improve our Services. We may provide this de-identified, aggregate data to our partners to identify how our customers, collectively, use our Sites or Services. Again, we never disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.

You may set your browser to refuse or disable these data collection methods, but doing so may change your experience with the Sites or the Services, diminish certain aspects of the Sites’ functionality or render certain features of the Sites or the Services inoperable. The Sites may not recognize or respond to “do not track” technologies employed by your browser.

E-mail Communications.

We often receive a confirmation when you open an email from us if your computer supports this type of program. We use this confirmation to help us make emails more interesting and helpful. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. When you receive e-mail from us, you can opt out of receiving further e-mails by following the included instructions to unsubscribe. However, by opting out of further email communications after you enroll in the Services, you may limit program reminders and other valuable program content and components.

What About Cookies?

Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our Sites are visited and by how many people. We use cookies to enhance visitors’ experiences by understanding how visitors and / or users engage with and navigate our Sites.

Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of our Sites’ most attractive features. If your browser is set to reject cookies, websites that are cookie-enabled will not recognize you when you return to the website, and some website functionality may be lost.

We may serve ads on the Sites. These ads may be delivered to users by our advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy refers only to the use of cookies by the Company and does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties (e.g., advertisers).

#### 3\. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE SHARE?

Personal Information regarding our users is an integral part of our business. We will not rent, sell or share your Personal Information with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide the Services, when we otherwise have your permission, or under the following circumstances:

 _Forums_ : We may make available your Personal Information through the Sites and/or the Services (for example, discussion boards, chat rooms, profile pages, bulletin boards, blogs, instant messaging, activities, polls, games and other communication forums) (each, a “Forum”) to which you post information and materials. Some of these Forums are described more specifically below. Please note that any information, text, and images posted or disclosed by the user on or through such Forums may be visible to the user’s group(s), as well as Health Coaches, Site administrators, visitors to the Sites, and other users of the Sites. Specifically, Personal Information such as the picture you’ve uploaded and your screen name, may be available for other users to view when you make a posting to such Forums. Information regarding your activities in such Services may also be available for view by other users (for example, other users may be able to view a list of all postings you have made in all available Forums). Any postings you have made to a Forum may also be available for view later by users of the Sites by scrolling to older posts on the Forum. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, such as your illness, or any other information, through a Forum or otherwise through the Site.

 _Discussion Boards and Chat Rooms_ : We may provide functionality to post on our discussion boards, and permit you to enter into chat rooms and communicate with other users in the chat rooms. Please note that if you use such functionalities to communicate, your name / screen name will be disclosed to all visitors to the discussion boards, present and future, as well as all users in the chat room at that time. Please remember that information posted to discussion boards becomes public information. Use caution when posting. Further, if a comment you make on the discussion board or in the chat room contains Personal Information, we cannot control how the Personal Information will be used or disclosed by the other users of the discussion board or chat room. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, or any other information, in any comment and/or message, and to be careful about the people to whom you send such comments and/or messages.

 _Messaging Services_ : We may provide functionality to permit you to send messages, including instant messages, to other users through the Sites. Please note that if you use such functionality to send such a message to another user, your screen name will be disclosed to that user, as well as Site administrators. Further, if a message you send using such functionality contains Personal Information, we cannot control how the Personal Information will be used or disclosed by the recipient of your message. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, or any other information, in any message, and to be careful about the people to whom you send such messages.

IN THE CASE OF YOUR USE OF FORUMS, DISCUSSION BOARDS, CHAT ROOMS AND MESSAGING SERVICES, AS DESCRIBED ABOVE, WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF ANY INFORMATION, INCLDUING PERSONAL INFORMATION, THAT IS DISCLOSED BY YOU OR ON YOUR BEHALF BY YOUR SYSTEM IN SUCH FORUMS, DISCUSSION BOARDS, CHAT ROOMS AND MESSAGING SERVICES. BY DISCLOSING ANY OF YOUR INFORMATION VIA FORUMS, DISCUSSION BOARDS, CHAT ROOMS AND MESSAGING SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT ANY RISK AND DAMAGE ARISING FROM DISCLOSURE OF SUCH INFORMATION.

 _User Profiles_ : We may provide functionality to permit you to create a user profile page in which you may provide information about yourself, including, without limitation, your illness, symptoms, treatments, as well as your feelings about your illness and/or yourself (“User Submissions,” as further defined in our Terms). You may also be able to upload pictures, videos and stories to your profile page as part of the User Submissions. User Submissions may be displayed to other users (including members of your group(s), who may be from the same deployment or otherwise affiliated) to facilitate user interaction within the Sites. Email addresses are used to add new User Submissions to user profiles and to communicate through User Submissions. Users’ email addresses will not be directly revealed to other users by us, except when the user is “connected” to another user via a shared group membership, or an invitation, or if the user has chosen to include their email address in their User Profile. Please note that any User Submissions you make, including Personal Information, on or through your profile page may be available for other users, the Company, administration, moderators, and other staff. Additionally, other users may be able to post comments and view posted comments on your profile page.

 _Communication in Response to User Submissions_ : As part of the Sites and Services, you will receive from us email and other communication relating to your User Submissions. You acknowledge and agree that by posting such User Submissions, we may send you email and other communication (e.g., phone or text message) that we determine, in our sole discretion, as related to your User Submissions.

 _Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control_ : In order to provide you with the optimal user experience, we anticipate that we may become affiliated and work closely with a variety of third party businesses. In certain situations, these businesses may sell products or services to you through the Sites. In other situations, we may provide services, or sell products, jointly with affiliated businesses. You should be able to recognize when an affiliated business is associated with your transactions, and throughout the course of the transactions, we will share your Personal Information that is related to such transactions with that affiliated business.

 _Agents_ : We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products and/or services to you. Without specific authorization and/or consent, we limit the rights of our agents to use Personal Information we share with them to that which is minimally necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information for the above purposes.

 _Promotional Offers_ : We will never disclose your personal information to other businesses for their marketing purposes, but we may send you offers that promote the products of other businesses. These offers will be intended to benefit you, your health, or your Prevent experience. If you do not wish to receive these offers, you can click the “unsubscribe” link contained within the emails or you can send an email with your request to [support@preventnow.com](mailto:support@preventnow.com). We will process your request within a reasonable time but you may receive additional offers as we process your request.

 _Business Transfers_ : In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information, including Personal Information about customers, is typically one of the business assets that are transferred. Moreover, if the Company, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that the Company goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, Personal Information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. By continuing to use our Sites and Services, you acknowledge that if we sell or transfer our business (e.g., through an acquisition) or an asset (e.g., our website) to another company, we will share your personal information with such company and will require such company to use and protect your personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy.

 _Sponsors and Third Party Administrators; As Required by Law_ : In limited circumstances, we may disclose certain of your Personal Information (e.g., reports containing data related to enrollment, engagement, retention, and outcomes) to your sponsor or your sponsor’s third party administrators (e.g., incentives vendors, wellness administrators, etc.) for treatment, payment, or healthcare operations purposes and for other purposes permitted or required by law, as more fully described in our HIPAA Notice.

 _Protection of the Company and Others_ : We may release Personal Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection, detection or suppression, and credit risk reduction. If necessary, we will make all legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your Personal Information, including, without limitation, breaches of your unencrypted, electronically stored, “personal information” or “medical information” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification). To the extent permitted by applicable laws, we will make such disclosures to you via email or conspicuous posting on your private profile on the Sites in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (a) the legitimate needs of law enforcement, or (b) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

 _With Your Consent_ : Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to control the sharing of this information.

 _De-identified Information:_ We may create De-Identified Information from the information that you share with us and use such De-identified Information without restriction. We may, for instance, share De-identified Information with the sponsors paying for your participation in the Services (e.g., reports containing data related to enrollment, engagement, retention, and outcomes to evidence overall program success metrics), and with third party administrators working with the sponsors to administer certain services to you (e.g., incentives vendors, wellness administrators, etc.). Again, we never disclose aggregate information in a manner that would identify you personally.

#### 4\. IS MY PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?

We employ industry standard administrative, physical, and technical measures designed to safeguard and protect information under our control from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. In addition, when we collect, maintain, access, use, or disclose your Personal Information, we will do so using systems and processes consistent with information privacy and security requirements under applicable federal and state laws, including, without limitation, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”).

Furthermore, your individual user account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. To ensure that there is no unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information, we suggest that you safeguard your password appropriately and limit access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.

The Sites contain links to third party websites (“Third Party Sites”). In such an event, before using the Third Party Sites or related services, you must review and accept the terms of use and privacy policies for those sites and/or services. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of any Third Party Sites, and we are not responsible or liable for the availability, reliability, content, functions, performance, accuracy, legality, appropriateness, services, materials, or any other aspect of such Third Party Sites. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on our Sites or through our Services. When you access any Third Party Sites, you do so at your own risk, and you understand and agree that you are solely responsible for reading and understanding any terms of use and/or privacy policies that apply to such Third Party Sites.

We exercise great care to protect your personal information. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security and confidentiality of any information that you transmit to us or receive from us via the Services offered through our Sites, by Internet or email, or the appropriateness of the measures we use to safeguard such information. Unauthorized entry, access, or use; loss; hardware or software failure; and other factors, may compromise the security of your information at any time. This is especially true for any information that you transmit to us via email or text message since we have no way of protecting that information until it reaches us since email and text message and the communication lines they travel over do not have the security features that are built into our Sites and may not be secure. If you have reason to believe that your data or your interactions with us are no longer secure, you may contact us at the email address, mailing address or telephone number listed at the end of this Privacy Policy. In addition, if you have privacy or data security related questions, please feel free to contact the office identified at the end of this Privacy Policy.

#### 5\. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS AND CORRECT?

You can access certain information about you for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating that information. This list may change as the Sites and Services change.

• Real name

• Account and user profile information (e.g., nickname and picture)

• User email address

• User mailing address

• User mobile phone number

• Username and password

• Communication preferences

In order to help us maintain and ensure that your information is accurate and up to date, please update your information if it changes or inform us promptly at [support@preventnow.com](mailto:support@preventnow.com) so that we make the appropriate changes.

#### 6\. WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE REGARDING MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?

As stated previously, you can always opt not to disclose information, even though it may be needed to take advantage of certain features of the Sites and the Services.

You are able to add or update certain information on pages, such as those listed in the “What Personal Information Can I Access And Correct” section, above. When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.

If you would like us to remove your records from our system, you may request deletion of your account with us by sending e-mail to[ privacy@preventnow.com](mailto:privacy@preventnow.com). Please note that some information may remain in our records after deletion of your account, including any information or records we are legally obligated to retain. We will process your request within a reasonable time, but please note that you may receive additional offers as we process your request.

If you do not wish to receive email or other mail, phone calls or texts from us, please click on the “Unsubscribe” link contained in the emails or indicate this preference by emailing us at [support@preventnow.com](mailto:privacy@preventnow.com). Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Sites, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes. We will process your request within a reasonable time, but please note that you may receive additional emails as we process your request.

#### 7\. HOW DO WE PROTECT CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION?

The Services are not directed to children. We do not knowingly allow or solicit anyone under the age of 18 to participate independently in any of the Services. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that a user of the Services is under the age of 18 and has provided us with Personal Information without verifiable parental consent, we will delete such Personal Information from our files.

#### 8\. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

By using the Sites and Services, you agree to the current Privacy Policy and our Terms, into which this Privacy Policy is incorporated. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, discontinue, or terminate the Services or to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used or disclosed. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Sites and/or sending you an email. By continuing to access or use the Services after we have posted a modification or have provided you with notice of a modification, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If the modified Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease accessing the Sites and / or using the Services.

#### 9\. QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS

If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our Sites, please send us a detailed message at [privacy@preventnow.com](mailto:privacy@preventnow.com) or at the address below. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns. Omada Health, Inc., 500 Sansome St. Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94111

Effective Date: October 22. 2015

* * *

Política de privacidad

Omada Health, Inc. (la “Empresa”) sabe que a usted le preocupa cómo se utiliza y comparte su información personal y nos tomamos muy en serio su privacidad. Lea la información siguiente para aprender más acerca de nuestra política de privacidad. Al ingresar a la página web y al nombre de dominio de PreventNow.com, y a cualquier otra página, característica, contenido o servicios de aplicación ofrecidos oportunamente por la Empresa en relación con ellos, (conjuntamente, los “Sitios”, tal como se definen en nuestras Condiciones) o al usar cualquiera de nuestros Servicios, usted reconoce que acepta las prácticas y las políticas establecidas en la presente Política de Privacidad. Los términos en mayúsculas no definidos en la presente Política de Privacidad tendrán los significados establecidos en nuestras Condiciones de Uso, disponibles en https://preventnow.com/terms-of-use/ (“Condiciones”).

Los términos “Empresa” o “ **nosotros** ” o términos similares se refieren a Omada Health, Inc. “Usted **”** o “su” o términos similares se refieren a usted como usuario de nuestros Servicios.

Al aceptar nuestra Política de Privacidad durante el registro o al utilizar o ingresar a los Sitios o a cualquiera de nuestros Servicios, usted (a) presta expresamente su consentimiento para que recolectemos, utilicemos y divulguemos su Información Personal (tal como se define a continuación) en conformidad con la presente Política de Privacidad y (b) reconoce expresamente que ha leído y comprendido nuestra Notificación de la HIPAA [Ley de Transferencia y Responsabilidad de Seguros Médicos], que le brinda información importante sobre cómo podríamos utilizar y divulgar información médica acerca de usted. Nuestra Notificación de la HIPAA se encuentra disponible en https://preventnow.com/hipaa/

Tal como se utilizan en la presente Política de Privacidad, los términos “uso” y “procesamiento” de información incluyen, entre otras acciones, el uso de cookies en una computadora, el sometimiento de información a análisis estadísticos u otros, y el uso o la manipulación de información de cualquier manera, inclusive, a título enunciativo y no limitativo, la recolección, almacenamiento, evaluación, modificación, eliminación, uso, combinación, divulgación y transferencia de información dentro de nuestra organización o entre nuestros afiliados dentro de los Estados Unidos o a nivel internacional, así como el uso de información personal para responder a consultas de usuarios / solicitantes y para brindar los productos y los servicios solicitados.

#### 1\. ¿CUÁL ES EL ALCANCE DE LA PRESENTE POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD?

Información personal en general

La presente Política de Privacidad abarca la manera en que utilizamos y divulgamos la información personal que recolectamos desde el momento en que usted accede inicialmente a nuestros Sitios o utiliza nuestros Servicios. La información personal se refiere a información acerca de usted que puede utilizarse para comunicarse con usted o identificarlo/a, e información sobre su uso o uso potencial de los Sitios o de nuestros Servicios (conjuntamente, “Información personal”). La presente política no se aplica a las prácticas de empresas o Sitios que no son de nuestra propiedad o que no controlamos, ni a individuos que no empleamos ni dirigimos.

Información médica protegida

Nos comprometemos a mantener la privacidad y la integridad de su información médica protegida (“IMP”). IMP es Información Personal (individualmente identificable) acerca de usted en relación con (a) su salud o estado físico o mental pasado, presente o futuro, (b) la atención médica que le sea brindada, o (c) sus pagos pasados, presentes o futuros por el suministro de atención médica creada, recibida, transmitida o mantenida por la Empresa. La presente Política de Privacidad describe la manera en que protegemos su privacidad como visitante o usuario general de nuestros Sitios y Servicios. Usted tiene derechos adicionales conforme a las leyes federales y estaduales con respecto al acceso, uso y divulgación de Información Personal que constituye IMP. Para obtener una descripción más completa de sus derechos respecto de la IMP, refiérase a nuestra Notificación de la HIPAA, que le brinda información importante acerca de cómo podríamos utilizar y divulgar su IMP. Nuestra Notificación de la HIPAA se encuentra disponible aquí: https://preventnow.com/hipaa/

#### 2\. ¿QUÉ INFORMACIÓN PERSONAL RECOLECTAMOS?

Recolectamos información personal que usted decide brindar, por ejemplo, a través de registros, aplicaciones y encuestas y en relación con sus consultas, desde el momento en que accede inicialmente a nuestros Sitios o utiliza nuestros Servicios. La información que recolectamos de nuestros clientes nos permite personalizar y mejorar nuestros servicios.

Ocasionalmente, podríamos utilizar o aumentar la información personal que tenemos acerca de usted con información obtenido de terceros. Por ejemplo, podríamos utilizar tal información obtenida de terceros para confirmar información de contacto o financiera, para verificar elegibilidad o para comprender mejor sus intereses al asociar información demográfica a la información que usted ha brindado.

Recolectamos los siguientes tipos de información de nuestros clientes:

Información personal que usted nos brinda

Recibimos y guardamos toda información que usted ingresa en nuestros Sitios o que nos brinda de varias maneras. La Información Personal que recolectamos podría incluir datos tales como su nombre completo, número de teléfono celular, información acerca de sus tarjetas de crédito u otra información sobre pagos (si corresponde), su dirección de correo electrónico y la dirección de correo electrónico de sus contactos, sus domicilios postales personal y comercial, su dirección de IP, información de su navegador, nombre de usuario, contraseña, cierta información médica (por ejemplo, peso, información sobre seguros), y toda otra información o datos que brinde al utilizar nuestros Sitios o Servicios. Usted puede elegir no brindarnos cierta información, pero eso podría tener como consecuencia nuestra incapacidad de brindarle acceso a varias de nuestras aplicaciones especiales. El objetivo de Omada es utilizar la Información Personal que usted nos brinda para fines tales como la respuesta de preguntas y la comunicación con usted acerca de los productos y los servicios de la Empresa, lo cual incluye actualizaciones y nuevas aplicaciones.

 **NÓTESE:** Al utilizar nuestros Servicios, usted presta su consentimiento y autoriza a Omada a divulgar su diagnóstico a otros usuarios de los Sitios y de los Servicios. Los usuarios, entre ellos, a título enunciativo y no limitativo, los administradores de los Sitios, Asesores Médicos y los miembros de sus grupos de apoyo tendrán acceso a una variedad de Información Personal, tal como su nombre y foto asociados a su diagnóstico y a la razón de su participación en el programa. Específicamente, dado que agrupamos a los participantes según ciertas características, los miembros de sus grupos de apoyo podrían ser sus compañeros de trabajo u otras personas conocidas por usted.

Realizamos grandes esfuerzos por proteger su privacidad; sin embargo, no podemos controlar y renunciamos expresamente a toda responsabilidad sobre la posibilidad de que los usuarios utilicen o divulguen la información publicada o divulgada previamente o sobre la manera en que lo hagan. Si usted no presta su consentimiento para la divulgación de tal información, no deberá acceder a los Sitios o a los Servicios ni utilizarlos. Los Servicios incluyen la capacidad de los usuarios de compartir Información Personal, inclusive información respecto de su estado médico. Toda información que usted decida brindar o subir a los Sitios de los grupos, inclusive Información Personal acerca de su estado médico, podrá ser vista por su grupo, así como por Asesores Médicos, administradores de los Sitios y otros usuarios de los Sitios. Dado que su información podrá ser vista por otros usuarios de los Sitios, deberá brindar sólo la información que esté dispuesto/a a divulgar. Es posible que tenga la oportunidad de hablar por teléfono o por videochat en una teleconferencia. La participación en tales oportunidades no es obligatoria, pero en caso de que decida participar, deberá compartir sólo la información que esté dispuesto a compartir en tales foros adicionales.

Información personal recolectada en forma automática

Recibimos y guardamos ciertos tipos de información cada vez que usted interactúa con nuestros Sitios o utiliza nuestros Servicios. Recibimos y registramos datos automáticamente en nuestros registros de servidores a partir de su navegador, entre ellos, su dirección de IP y la página que solicitó. Además, podríamos utilizar identificadores personales para reconocerlo cuando ingrese al Sitio por medio de un enlace externo, por ejemplo, un enlace que aparece en la página de un tercero o en un mensaje por correo electrónico generado por Omada que le sea presentado. _Véase también_ nuestra sección de _¿Qué hay de las cookies?_ a continuación. También utilizaremos su información para brindar servicios y apoyo a los clientes.

En general, nuestros servicios recolectan automáticamente datos de uso, tales como la cantidad y la frecuencia de visitas a nuestros Sitios y a sus componentes, en forma similar a los índices de audiencia televisiva que indican cuánta gente vio un programa en particular. Sólo utilizamos estos datos en forma global, es decir, como medida estadística, y no de una manera que lo/a identifique personalmente. Este tipo de datos globales nos permite calcular la frecuencia con la que los clientes utilizan partes de los Sitios o Servicios, para lograr que los Sitios sean atractivos para la mayor cantidad de clientes posible y mejorar así nuestros Servicios. Es posible que brindemos tales datos globales sin referencias personales a nuestros socios para identificar la manera en que nuestros clientes utilizan en forma colectiva nuestros Sitios o Servicios. Compartimos esta clase de datos estadísticos para que nuestros socios también comprendan la frecuencia con la que las personas utilizan los Sitios o Servicios, a fin de que ellos también puedan brindarle una experiencia óptima en la red. Nuevamente, nunca divulgamos información global a un socio de una manera en que se lo/a pueda identificar personalmente.

Comunicaciones por correo electrónico:

Frecuentemente recibimos una confirmación cuando usted abre un correo electrónico que le enviamos si su computadora admite esta clase de programas. Utilizamos esta confirmación para ayudarnos a lograr que los mensajes por correo electrónico sean más interesantes y útiles. También comparamos nuestra lista de clientes a listas recibidas de otras empresas, a fin de evitar el envío de mensajes innecesarios a nuestros clientes. Cuando usted reciba un mensaje nuestro por correo electrónico, podrá elegir no recibir mensajes adicionales por ese medio al seguir las instrucciones incluidas para la cancelación de su suscripción.

¿Qué hay de las cookies?

Las cookies son identificadores alfanuméricos que transferimos al disco rígido de su computadora a través de su navegador para permitir que nuestros sistemas reconozcan su navegador y nos indiquen la manera y los momentos en que las personas visitan las páginas de nuestros Sitios y cuántas personas lo hacen. Utilizamos cookies para mejorar las experiencias de los visitantes al comprender la manera en que ellos y los usuarios interactúan con nuestros Sitios y los navegan.

La mayoría de los navegadores tienen una opción para deshabilitar la aplicación de la cookie, que impedirá que su navegador acepte nuevas cookies y (según la sofisticación del software de su navegador) le permitirá decidir sobre la aceptación de cada nueva cookie de diversas formas. Sin embargo, le recomendamos enérgicamente que deje activadas las cookies, dado que le permiten aprovechar algunas de las aplicaciones más atractivas de nuestros Sitios. Si su navegador está configurado para rechazar cookies, las páginas web que utilizan cookies no lo/a reconocerán cuando regrese a la página web y las páginas podrían perder cierta funcionalidad.

Posiblemente publiquemos anuncios en los Sitios. Tales anuncios podrán ser enviados a los usuarios por medio de nuestros socios de publicidad, que podrían utilizar cookies. Estas cookies le permiten al servidor de la publicidad reconocer su computadora cada vez que le envíen un anuncio en la red para compilar información acerca de usted o de otros que utilicen su computadora. Tal información permite a las redes de publicidad, entre otras acciones, enviar anuncios dirigidos que consideren que lo interesarán en mayor medida. La presente Política de Privacidad se refiere sólo al uso de cookies por parte de la Empresa y no abarca el uso de cookies por parte de terceros (por ejemplo, anunciantes).

#### 3\. ¿QUÉ INFORMACIÓN PERSONAL COMPARTIMOS?

La Información Personal acerca de nuestros clientes es parte integral de nuestra actividad comercial. No alquilaremos, venderemos ni compartiremos Información Personal acerca de usted con otras personas ni empresas no afiliadas, salvo para la provisión de Servicios, cuando tengamos su autorización de otra manera o en las siguientes circunstancias:

 _Foros_ : Posiblemente brindemos acceso a su Información Personal a través de los Sitios o Servicios (por ejemplo, foros de debate, salas de chat, páginas de perfil, carteleras, blogs, mensajes instantáneos, actividades, encuestas, juegos y otros foros de comunicación) (cada uno de los cuales se define como “Foro”) en los que publique información y materiales. Algunos de tales Foros se describen más específicamente a continuación. Nótese que toda información, texto e imágenes publicadas o divulgadas por el usuario en tales Foros o a través de ellos podría ser visto por el/los grupo/s del usuario, así como por Asesores Médicos, administradores de los Sitios, personas que ingresen a los Sitios y otros usuarios de los Sitios. Específicamente, la Información Personal tal como la foto que ha subido y su nombre de usuario podría estar disponible para que la vean otros usuarios cuando usted realice publicaciones en tales Foros. La información respecto de sus actividades en tales Servicios también podría estar disponible para que la vean otros usuarios (por ejemplo, otros usuarios podrán ver una lista de todas las publicaciones que usted haya realizado en todos los Foros disponibles). Toda publicación que usted haya realizado en un Foro también podrá estar disponible para que la vean posteriormente usuarios de los Sitios al desplazarse a publicaciones anteriores en el Foro. Le exhortamos a que ejerza prudencia y cautela al decidir divulgar su Información Personal, tal como su enfermedad o cualquier otra información a través de un Foro o de otra manera a través del Sitio. NO SOMOS RESPONSABLES DEL USO DE NINGUNA INFORMACIÓN PERSONAL DIVULGADA POR USTED O EN SU NOMBRE POR SU SISTEMA A TRAVÉS DE UN FORO O DE OTRA MANERA A TRAVÉS DE LOS SITIOS.

 _Foros de debate y sales de chat_ : Podríamos brindarle funcionalidades para realizar publicaciones en nuestros foros de debate y permitirle ingresar a salas de chat y comunicarse con otros usuarios en las salas de chat. Nótese que si usted utiliza tales funcionalidades para comunicarse, su nombre / nombre de usuario se divulgará a todas las personas que ingresen a los foros de debate en el presente o en el futuro, así como a todos los usuarios que se encuentren en la sala de chat en ese momento. Recuerde que la información publicada en los foros de debate se convierte en información pública. Ejerza cautela al realizar publicaciones. Además, si un comentario que usted realiza en un foro de debate o en una sala de chat contiene Información Personal, no podemos controlar la manera en que la Información Personal será utilizada o divulgada por otros usuarios del foro de debate o de la sala de chat. Le exhortamos a que ejerza prudencia y cautela al decidir si divulgar o no su Información Personal o cualquier otra información en todo comentario o mensaje y que sea precavido/a respecto de las personas a quienes envía tales comentarios o mensajes. NO SOMOS RESPONSABLES DEL USO POR PARTE DE TERCEROS DE LA INFORMACIÓN DIVULGADA POR USTED O EN SU NOMBRE POR SU SISTEMA EN FOROS DE DEBATE, EN SALAS DE CHAT O DE OTRA MANERA A TRAVÉS DE LOS SITIOS.

 _Servicios de mensajería_ : Podríamos brindarle funcionalidades para permitirle enviar mensajes, entre ellos, mensajes instantáneos, a otros usuarios a través de los Sitios. Nótese que si usted utiliza tal funcionalidad para enviar tal tipo de mensaje a otro usuario, su nombre de usuario se divulgará a tal usuario, así como a administradores del Sitio. Además, si un mensaje que usted envía mediante tal funcionalidad contiene Información Personal, no podemos controlar la manera en que la Información Personal será utilizada o divulgada por el destinatario de su mensaje. Le exhortamos a que ejerza prudencia y cautela al decidir si divulgar o no su Información Personal, o cualquier otra información, en todo mensaje, y que sea precavido/a respecto de las personas a quienes envía tales mensajes. NO SOMOS RESPONSABLES DEL USO POR PARTE DE TERCEROS DE LA INFORMACIÓN DIVULGADA POR USTED O EN SU NOMBRE POR SU SISTEMA EN TALES MENSAJES.

 _Perfiles de usuario_ : Podríamos brindarle funcionalidades para permitirle crear una página de perfil de usuario en la que podrá brindar datos sobre usted, entre ellos, a título enunciativo y no limitativo, su enfermedad, síntomas, tratamientos, así como sus opiniones acerca de su enfermedad o de usted mismo (“Presentaciones de Usuarios”, tal como se definen en nuestras Condiciones). También podría tener la capacidad de subir fotos, videos e historias a su página de perfil como parte de las Presentaciones de Usuarios. Las Presentaciones de Usuarios podrían exhibirse a otros usuarios (entre ellos, miembros de su/s grupo/s, que podrían ser de la misma implementación o afiliados de otra manera) para facilitar la interacción entre usuarios dentro de los Sitios. Se utilizan direcciones de correo electrónico para agregar nuevas Presentaciones de Usuarios a perfiles de usuarios y para comunicarse a través de Presentaciones de Usuarios. No divulgaremos directamente las direcciones de correo electrónico de los usuarios a otros usuarios, salvo en los casos en los que el usuario esté “conectado” a otro usuario por medio de la afiliación a un grupo compartido o una invitación, o si el usuario ha decidido incluir su dirección de correo electrónico en su Perfil de Usuario. Nótese que toda otra Presentación de Usuario que realice, inclusive de Información Personal, en su página de perfil o a través de ella podrá estar disponible para otros usuarios, la Empresa, la administración, moderadores y otro personal. Además, otros usuarios podrán publicar comentarios y ver comentarios publicados en su página de perfil.

 _Comunicación como respuesta a Presentaciones de Usuarios_ : Como parte de los Sitios y Servicios, usted recibirá de nuestra parte mensajes por correo electrónico y otras comunicaciones relacionadas con sus Presentaciones de Usuario. Usted reconoce y acepta que al publicar tales Presentaciones de Usuario, podríamos enviarle mensajes por correo electrónico y otras comunicaciones que determinemos según nuestro criterio exclusivo, en relación con sus Presentaciones de Usuario.

 _Empresas afiliadas que no controlamos_ : A fin de brindarle una experiencia óptima como usuario, tenemos previsto afiliarnos y trabajar estrechamente con una variedad de terceras empresas. En ciertas situaciones, tales empresas podrán venderle productos o servicios a través de los Sitios. En otras situaciones, podríamos brindarle servicios o vender productos junto con empresas afiliadas. Usted debería poder reconocer cuándo una empresa afiliada está asociada a sus operaciones, y a lo largo de las operaciones, compartiremos su Información Personal que esté relacionada con tales operaciones con tal empresa afiliada.

 _Representantes_ : Empleamos otras empresas y personas para que realicen tareas en nuestro nombre y necesitamos compartir su información con ellas a fin de brindarle productos y/o servicios. Sin autorización o consentimiento específicos, limitamos los derechos de nuestros representantes de utilizar Información Personal que compartimos con ellos a los que sean mínimamente necesarios para asistirnos. Por la presente, usted presta su consentimiento para que compartamos su Información Personal a los fines indicados previamente.

 _Ofertas promocionales_ : Nunca divulgaremos su información personal a otras empresas para sus fines promocionales, pero podríamos enviarle ofertas que promocionen los productos de otras empresas. Tales ofertas tendrán como objetivo beneficiarlo a usted, su salud o su experiencia con Prevent. En caso de que no desee recibir tales ofertas, envíenos un mensaje por correo electrónico con su solicitud a privacy@preventnow.com, y procesaremos su solicitud dentro de un plazo razonable. Nótese que podrá recibir ofertas adicionales mientras estemos procesando su solicitud.

 _Transferencias comerciales_ : En algunos casos, podríamos elegir comprar o vender activos. En tales tipos de transacciones, la información de los clientes, inclusive la Información Personal acerca de los clientes, generalmente es uno de los activos comerciales que se transfieren. Además, en caso de la compra de la Empresa o sustancialmente de todos sus activos, o en el caso improbable de que la Empresa cierre o quiebre, la Información Personal será uno de los activos que se transferirá o que será adquirida por un tercero. Al continuar utilizando nuestros Sitios y Servicios, usted reconoce que si vendemos o transferimos nuestra empresa (por ejemplo, mediante una adquisición) o un activo (por ejemplo, nuestra página web) a otra empresa, compartiremos su información personal con tal empresa y solicitaremos que tal empresa utilice y proteja su información personal conforme a la presente Política de Privacidad.

 _Protección de la Empresa y de otros_ : Podríamos divulgar Información Personal cuando consideremos de buena fe que tal divulgación es necesaria para cumplir con la ley, hacer cumplir o aplicar nuestras condiciones de uso y otros acuerdos o proteger los derechos, la propiedad o la seguridad de la Empresa, de nuestros empleados, de nuestros usuarios o de otros. Esto incluye el intercambio de información con otras empresas y organizaciones para la protección contra el fraude y la reducción del riesgo crediticio.

 _Con su consentimiento_ : Salvo en la medida establecida previamente, se le informará cuando su Información Personal podría ser compartida con terceros y usted podrá controlar la divulgación de tal información.

#### 4\. ¿MI INFORMACIÓN PERSONAL ESTÁ RESGUARDADA?

Empleamos medidas administrativas, físicas y técnicas diseñadas para resguardar y proteger la información que controlamos del acceso, uso y divulgación no autorizados. Tales medidas incluyen la encriptación de sus comunicaciones mediante software Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) y el uso de un servicio de mensajería protegido al enviar su Información Personal en forma electrónica. Además, cuando recolectemos, mantengamos, utilicemos, divulguemos o accedamos a su Información Personal, lo haremos mediante sistemas y procesos que cumplan con los requisitos de privacidad y seguridad de información establecidos por leyes federales y estaduales vigentes, entre ellas, a título enunciativo y no limitativo, la _Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act_ [Ley de Transferencia y Responsabilidad de Seguros Médicos (“HIPAA”)].

Además, su cuenta de usuario individual está protegida por una contraseña para su privacidad y seguridad. A fin de impedir el acceso no autorizado a su cuenta e Información Personal, le sugerimos que proteja su contraseña adecuadamente y limite el acceso a su computadora y a su navegador al cerrar sesión cuando haya terminado de acceder a su cuenta.

Nos empeñamos en proteger la información de los usuarios para mantener la confidencialidad de la información de las cuentas de usuarios. Sin embargo, no podemos garantizar la seguridad de su información personal o de otros datos ni la idoneidad de las medidas que utilizamos para proteger tal información. El ingreso, acceso o uso no autorizados; las fallas de hardware o software y otros factores podrán poner en riesgo la seguridad de la información de los usuarios en cualquier momento.

Los Sitios contienen enlaces a otros sitios. No somos responsables de las políticas o prácticas de privacidad en otras páginas. Al ingresar a otro sitio, deberá leer la política de privacidad publicada en tal sitio. La presente Política de Privacidad sólo se aplica a la información recolectada en nuestros Sitios o mediante nuestros Servicios. En caso de ser necesario, divulgaremos, en la medida en que sea requerido por ley, toda violación de la seguridad, confidencialidad o integridad de su Información Personal, inclusive, a título enunciativo y no limitativo, violaciones de su “información personal” o “información médica” no encriptada y guardada electrónicamente (tal como se definen en leyes estaduales vigentes sobre la notificación de violaciones de seguridad). En la medida en que lo permite la legislación vigente, le divulgaremos tal información por medio de mensajes por correo electrónico o publicaciones conspicuas en su perfil privado en los Sitios con la mayor celeridad posible y sin demoras injustificadas, siempre y cuando concuerde con (a) las necesidades legítimas de las autoridades de orden público o (b) toda medida necesaria para determinar el alcance de la violación y restaurar la integridad razonable del sistema de datos.

Pese a tales medidas, no puede garantizarse la confidencialidad de toda comunicación o material que nos sea transmitido o que sea transmitido por nosotros mediante los Servicios ofrecidos en nuestros Sitios, por Internet o por correo electrónico. Si usted tiene razones para creer que sus datos o interacciones con nosotros ya no están protegidos, podrá comunicarse con nosotros a la dirección postal o al número telefónico indicados al final de la presente. Además, si tiene alguna pregunta respecto de la privacidad o de la seguridad de datos, no dude en comunicarse con la oficina identificada al final de la presente.

#### 5\. ¿A QUÉ INFORMACIÓN PERSONAL PUEDO ACCEDER?

Le permitiremos acceder a la información siguiente acerca de usted a fin de que pueda ver y, en ciertas situaciones, actualizar tal información. Esta lista podrá modificarse a medida que se modifiquen los Sitios.

  * Nombre real
  * Información de cuenta y de perfil de usuario (por ejemplo, apodo y foto)
  * Dirección de correo electrónico de usuario
  * Dirección postal de usuario
  * Número de teléfono celular de usuario
  * Nombre de usuario y contraseña
  * Preferencias de comunicación



#### 6\. ¿QUÉ OPCIONES TENGO RESPECTO DE MI INFORMACIÓN PERSONAL?

Según lo indicado previamente, usted siempre podrá optar por no divulgar información, aunque podrá ser necesaria para aprovechar ciertas aplicaciones de los Sitios y de los Servicios.

Usted podrá agregar o actualizar ciertos datos en las páginas, tales como los indicados en la sección “¿A qué información personal puedo acceder?” precedente. Sin embargo, cuando actualiza su información, frecuentemente mantenemos una copia de la información no modificada en nuestros registros.

Si desea que eliminemos sus registros de nuestro sistema, podrá solicitar la eliminación de su cuenta al enviarnos un mensaje por correo electrónico a privacy@preventnow.com. Nótese que parte de la información podrá permanecer en nuestros registros luego de la eliminación de su cuenta, inclusive toda información o registro que estemos obligados a mantener por ley. Procesaremos su solicitud dentro de un plazo razonable, pero nótese que usted podrá recibir ofertas adicionales mientras estemos procesando su solicitud.

Si no desea recibir mensajes por correo electrónico ni otro tipo de correo de nuestra parte, indique tal preferencia al enviarnos un mensaje por correo electrónico a privacy@preventnow.com. Nótese que si no quiere recibir notificaciones legales de nuestra parte, tales como la presente Política de Privacidad, tales notificaciones legales seguirán rigiendo su uso de los Sitios, y usted es responsable de revisar tales notificaciones legales para informarse acerca de toda modificación.

#### 7\. ¿CÓMO PROTEGEMOS LA INFORMACIÓN PERSONAL DE LOS NIÑOS?

Los Servicios no están dirigidos a niños. No permitimos ni solicitamos intencionalmente la participación independiente de personas menores a 13 años de edad en ninguno de los Servicios. No recolectamos intencionalmente Información Personal de niños. Si un padre o tutor tiene conocimiento de que su hijo/a nos ha brindado Información Personal, debe comunicarse con nosotros. Si recibimos información de que un usuario de los Servicios tiene menos de 13 años de edad y nos ha brindado Información Personal sin el consentimiento verificable de los padres, eliminaremos tal Información Personal de nuestros archivos.

#### 8\. MODIFICACIONES A LA PRESENTE POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD

Al utilizar los Sitios y los Servicios, usted acepta la Política de Privacidad actual y nuestras Condiciones, a las que se encuentra incorporada la presente Política de Privacidad. Nos reservamos el derecho, a nuestro criterio exclusivo, de modificar, suspender o cancelar los Servicios o de modificar la presente Política de Privacidad en cualquier momento. El uso de la información que recolectamos ahora se encuentra sujeto a la Política de Privacidad vigente en el momento en que se utiliza o divulga tal información. En caso de que realicemos cambios en la manera en que utilizamos la Información Personal, usted será informado/a mediante la publicación de un aviso en nuestros Sitios o un mensaje por correo electrónico. Al continuar accediendo a los Servicios o utilizándolos luego de que hayamos publicado una modificación o de que le hayamos enviado una notificación de la modificación, usted indica que acepta adherir a la Política de Privacidad modificada. En caso de que no considere aceptable la Política de Privacidad modificada, su único recurso es dejar de acceder a los Sitios o de utilizar los Servicios.

#### 9\. PREGUNTAS O INQUIETUDES

Si tiene alguna pregunta o inquietud respecto de la privacidad en nuestros Sitios, envíenos un mensaje detallado a privacy@preventnow.com o a la dirección indicada a continuación. Haremos todo lo posible por resolver sus inquietudes. Omada Health, Inc 500 Sansome St. Suite 200 San Francisco, CA 94111 Fecha de entrada en vigencia: 26 de agosto de 2014

* * *

## Privacy Policy

Omada Health, Inc. (the “Company”) knows that you care about how your personal information is collected, used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following carefully to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting the PreventNow.com website and domain name (and the other websites we own or operate, including, without limitation, www.omadahealth.com) and any other linked pages, features, content, or application services offered from time to time by the Company in connection therewith (collectively, the “Sites,” as further defined in our Terms of Use), or using any of our Services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meanings set forth in our Terms of Use, available at <https://preventnow.com/terms-of-use/> (“Terms”).

“Company” or the terms “we” or “us” or similar terms refer to Omada Health, Inc. “You” or “your” or similar terms refer to you as a user of our Services.

By accepting our Privacy Policy during registration, or by visiting and/or using the Sites or any of our Services, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure and otherwise processing of your Personal Information (as defined below) in accordance with this Privacy Policy. As used in this Privacy Policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information include, among other things, using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis, such as satisfaction surveys and benchmarking as well as quality assurance and training purposes, and using or handling information in any way; including, without limitation, collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing, and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally which are also subject to this Privacy Policy, as well as using personal information to respond to user / applicant inquiries and provide the requested products and services.

Transfer of Information Abroad 

By disclosing your Personal Information to us, you consent to your Personal Information being transferred outside of the jurisdiction of the country in which it may have been collected. If you are accessing our Services from outside the United States, please be advised that by your continued use of our Services, you consent to the transfer, processing and storage of your Personal Information outside of the jurisdiction of your country and to make use of Services governed by laws regarding the protection of personal information which may offer a different level of protection than that provided in your country. 

#### 1\. WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?

Personal Information – In General. 

This Privacy Policy covers how we use and disclose personally identifiable information that we gather from the time that you initially access our Sites or use our Services. Personally identifiable information refers to any information about you that can be used to contact or identify you, and information on your use or potential use of the Sites or our Services (collectively, “Personal Information”). 

Personal Health Information. 

We are dedicated to maintaining the privacy and integrity of your personal health information (“PHI”). PHI is Personal (individually identifiable) Information about you that relates to (a) your past, present, or future physical or mental health or condition, (b) the provision of health care services to you, or (c) your past, present, or future payment for the provision of health care, which is created, received, transmitted, or maintained by the Company. 

This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on our Sites or through our Services. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies and / or Sites that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.

#### 2\. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

We collect personal information you choose to provide, _e.g._ , through registrations, applications and surveys, and in connection with your inquiries, from the time that you initially access our Sites or use our Services. The information we gather from customers enables us to personalize and improve our Services.

From time to time, we may use or augment the personal information we have about you with information obtained from third parties (e.g., FitBit). For example, we may use such third party information to confirm contact or financial information, to verify eligibility, or to better understand your interests by associating demographic information with the information you have provided.

We collect the following types of information from our customers:

Personal Information You Provide to Us. 

We receive and store any information you enter on our Sites or provide to us in several ways. Personal Information that we collect may include things like your full name, mobile phone number, credit card and/or other payment information (if applicable), your email address and the email address of your contacts, home and business postal addresses, IP address, browser information, username, password, certain health information (e.g., weight, illness, insurance information), and any other information or data that you provide when using our Sites and/or our Services. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but that may result in our inability to provide you access to many of our special features. Omada’s goal is to use the Personal Information you provide for such purposes as answering questions and communicating with you about the Company’s products and services, including updates and new features.

PLEASE NOTE: By using the Services, you consent to, and authorize Omada to disclose your diagnosis to the other users of the Sites and Services. The users, including but not limited to Site administrators, Health Coaches, and your fellow support group members will have access to a range of Personal Information such as your name and picture, linking you to your diagnosis and reason for program participation. Specifically, as we group participants based on certain characteristics, please be aware that fellow support group members may be co-workers or other acquaintances. 

We take great efforts in protecting your privacy, however, we cannot control, and expressly disclaim any responsibility for, whether or how users will subsequently use or disclose posted or previously disclosed information. If you do not consent to the disclosure of this information, you should not access or use the Sites or the Services. The Services include the ability for users to share Personal Information, including information regarding your medical condition. Any information you choose to provide or upload to the group Sites, including Personal Information about your medical condition, will be visible to your group, as well as Health Coaches, Site administrators, and other Site users. As your information will be viewable to the other users of the Sites, you should provide only the information you feel comfortable disclosing. There may be an opportunity to speak on the phone or via video chat in a group conference call. Participation in such opportunities is not mandatory, but should you choose to participate, you should share only as much information as you feel comfortable sharing in these additional forums.

Personal Information Collected Automatically. 

We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Sites and / or use our Services. We automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, and the page you requested. In addition, we may use personal identifiers to recognize you when you arrive at the Site via an external link, _e.g._ , such as a link appearing on a third party site or in an Omada-generated email presented to you. _See also_ our _What About Cookies?_ section below. We will also use your information to provide customer service and support.

Generally, our Services automatically collect usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Sites and its components, similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show. We only use this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would permit to identify you personally by a reasonanly foreseeable method.

This type of aggregate data enables us to figure out how often customers use parts of the Sites or Services so that we can make the Sites appealing to as many customers as possible, improving our Services. We may provide this de-identified, aggregate data to our partners to identify how our customers, collectively, use our Sites or Services ( _e.g._ , reports containing data related to enrollment, engagement, retention and outcomes). We share this type of statistical data so that our partners also understand how often people use the Sites or Services, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal online experience. Again, we never disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally, except with your consent or as expressly permitted under applicable privacy law.

E-mail Communications: 

We often receive a confirmation when you open an email from us if your computer supports this type of program. We use this confirmation to help us make emails more interesting and helpful. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. When you receive e-mail from us, you can opt out of receiving further e-mails by following the included instructions to unsubscribe.

What About Cookies? 

Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our Sites are visited and by how many people. We use cookies to enhance visitors’ experiences by understanding how visitors and / or users engage with and navigate our Sites.

Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of our Sites’ most attractive features. If your browser is set to reject cookies, websites that are cookie-enabled will not recognize you when you return to the website, and some website functionality may be lost.

We may serve ads on the Sites. These ads may be delivered to users by our advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy refers only to the use of cookies by the Company and does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties ( _e.g._ , advertisers).

#### 3\. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?

Your Personal Information will be used to render our services, including :

  * The ability to access health information shared by you and others through our Services, augmented with information collected about you through authorized third parties (e.g., FitBit) and build an online community related to your weight loss and health goals.
  * Access to other information about Company and our products and/or services through the various websites we own and operate, including, without limitation, the PreventNow.com website and domain name, and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by Company in connection therewith.
  * The ability to interact with relevant Company personnel in a timely and effective manner from the time of initial application and throughout the course of program participation.
  * Providing you information and advice on Health-related products and services, treatment alternatives and any other information related to your condition. 
  * The purposes identified in the following section.



#### 4\. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE SHARE?

Personal Information about our customers is an integral part of our business. We will not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide Services, when we otherwise have your permission, or under the following circumstances:

 _Forums_ : We may make available your Personal Information through the Sites and/or the Services (for example, discussion boards, chat rooms, profile pages, bulletin boards, blogs, instant messaging, activities, polls, games and other communication forums) (each, a “Forum”) to which you post information and materials. Some of these Forums are described more specifically below. Please note that any information, text, and images posted or disclosed by the user on or through such Forums may be visible to the user’s group(s), as well as Health Coaches, Site administrators, visitors to the Sites, and other users of the Sites. Specifically, Personal Information such as the picture you’ve uploaded and your screen name, may be available for other users to view when you make a posting to such Forums. Information regarding your activities in such Services may also be available for view by other users (for example, other users may be able to view a list of all postings you have made in all available Forums). Any postings you have made to a Forum may also be available for view later by users of the Sites by scrolling to older posts on the Forum. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, such as your illness, or any other information, through a Forum or otherwise through the Site. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION DISCLOSED BY YOU OR ON YOUR BEHALF BY YOUR SYSTEM THROUGH A FORUM OR OTHERWISE THROUGH THE SITES.

 _Discussion Boards and Chat Rooms_ : We may provide functionality to post on our discussion boards, and permit you to enter into chat rooms and communicate with other users in the chat rooms. Please note that if you use such functionalities to communicate, your name / screen name will be disclosed to all visitors to the discussion boards, present and future, as well as all users in the chat room at that time. Please remember that information posted to discussion boards becomes public information. Use caution when posting. Further, if a comment you make on the discussion board or in the chat room contains Personal Information, we cannot control how the Personal Information will be used or disclosed by the other users of the discussion board or chat room. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, or any other information, in any comment and/or message, and to be careful about the people to whom you send such comments and/or messages. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION THAT IS DISCLOSED BY YOU OR ON YOUR BEHALF BY YOUR SYSTEM ON DISCUSSION BOARDS, IN CHAT ROOMS OR OTHERWISE THROUGH THE SITES.

 _Messaging Services_ : We may provide functionality to permit you to send messages, including instant messages, to other users through the Sites. Please note that if you use such functionality to send such a message to another user, your screen name will be disclosed to that user, as well as Site administrators. Further, if a message you send using such functionality contains Personal Information, we cannot control how the Personal Information will be used or disclosed by the recipient of your message. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, or any other information, in any message, and to be careful about the people to whom you send such messages. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION THAT IS DISCLOSED BY YOU OR ON YOUR BEHALF BY YOUR SYSTEM IN SUCH MESSAGES.

 _User Profiles_ : We may provide functionality to permit you to create a user profile page in which you may provide information about yourself, including, without limitation, your illness, symptoms, treatments, as well as your feelings about your illness and/or yourself (“User Submissions,” as further defined in our Terms). You may also be able to upload pictures, videos and stories to your profile page as part of the User Submissions. User Submissions may be displayed to other users (including members of your group(s), who may be from the same deployment or otherwise affiliated) to facilitate user interaction within the Sites. Email addresses are used to add new User Submissions to user profiles and to communicate through User Submissions. Users’ email addresses will not be directly revealed to other users by us, except when the user is “connected” to another user via a shared group membership, or an invitation, or if the user has chosen to include their email address in their User Profile. Please note that any User Submissions you make, including Personal Information, on or through your profile page may be available for other users, the Company, administration, moderators, and other staff. Additionally, other users may be able to post comments and view posted comments on your profile page.

 _Communication in Response to User Submissions_ : As part of the Sites and Services, you will receive from us email and other communication relating to your User Submissions. You acknowledge and agree that by posting such User Submissions, we may send you email and other communication that we determine, in our sole discretion, as related to your User Submissions, except to the extent provided by applicable law.

 _Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control_ : In order to provide you with the optimal user experience, we anticipate that we may become affiliated, and work closely with a variety of third-party businesses. In certain situations, these businesses may sell products or services to you through the Sites. In other situations, we may provide services, or sell products, jointly with affiliated businesses. You should be able to recognize when an affiliated business is associated with your transactions, and throughout the course of the transactions, we will share your Personal Information that is necessary to complete such transactions with that affiliated business.

 _Agents_ : We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products and/or services to you. Examples of agents include accreditation agencies, management consultants, quality insurance reviewers and billing and collection services. For example, we may make disclosures to claim and obtain payment from your health insurer or other company that arranges or pays the cost of some or all of your healthcare. Without specific authorization and/or consent, we limit the rights of our agents to use Personal Information we share with them to that which is minimally necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information for the above purposes.

 _Promotional Offers_ : We will never disclose your personal information to other businesses for their marketing purposes, but we may send you offers that promote the products of other businesses to the extent permitted by applicable laws. These offers will be intended to benefit you, your health, or your Prevent experience. If you do not wish to receive these offers, you can click on the “Unsubscribe” link contained in the emails or you can send an email with your request to privacy@preventnow.com. We will process your request without delay but you may receive additional offers as we process your request. 

_Business Transactions_ : In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information, including Personal Information about customers, is typically one of the business assets that are transferred. Moreover, if the Company, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that the Company goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, Personal Information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. By continuing to use our Sites and Services, you acknowledge that in the event of a due diligence process or if we sell or transfer our business ( _e.g._ , through an acquisition) or an asset ( _e.g_., our website) to another company, we will share your personal information with such company. We will require such company to use and protect your personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy.

 _Your insurance company._ We may use and disclose your Personal Information to your insurance company for purposes of billing and payment for our services offered to you. We may also disclose detailed information about your participation in our program to permit your insurance company to evaluate the efficacy of the program and run their wellness incentive program to your benefit.

 _Health care operations._ We may use and disclose your PHI for our health care operations, which include internal administration and planning and various activities that improve the quality and cost effectiveness of our services. Examples are using information about you to improve quality of care, for disease management programs, patient satisfaction surveys, compiling medical information, de-identifying medical information and benchmarking. 

_Protection of the Company and Others_ : We may release Personal Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to protect our rights and enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or which is otherwise permitted by applicable laws (( _e.g_., emergency that threatens the life, health or security) This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations when it is reasonable to do so for the purposes of preventing, detecting or suppressing fraud that is likely to be committed. 

_Lawsuits and other legal disputes_. We may use and disclose Personal Information to comply with law, including in responding to a court or administrative order, a subpoena, or a discovery request. We may also use and disclose your Personal Information to the extent permitted by law without your authorization, for example, to defend a lawsuit or arbitration.

 _Law enforcement officials_. We may disclose your Personal Information to the police or other law enforcement officials as required or permitted by law: (1) in response to a court order, subpoena, warrant, summons or similar process; (2) to identify or locate a suspect, fugitive, material witness, or missing person; (3) about the victim of a crime if, under certain limited circumstances, we are unable to obtain the person’s agreement; (4) about a death we believe may be the result of a criminal conduct; (5) about criminal conduct at Omada; and (6) in emergency circumstances to report a crime; the location of the crime or victims; or the identity, description or location of the person who committed the crime.

 _Mandatory Breach Notification_ : If necessary, we will make all legally required disclosures of any breach of security safeguards, confidentiality, or integrity of your Personal Information, including, without limitation, breaches of your unencrypted, electronically stored, “personal information” or “personal health information” (as defined in applicable federal and provincial statutes on security breach notification) to the relevant organizations and government, as the case may be. 

To the extent permitted by applicable laws, we will make such disclosures to you via email or conspicuous posting on your private profile on the Sites in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (a) the legitimate needs of law enforcement, or (b) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

 _With Your Consent_ : If there are reasons we need to use your Personal Information that have not been described in the sections above, we will obtain your written permission. This permission is described as a written “authorization.” If you authorize us to use or disclose Personal Information about you, you may revoke that authorization in writing at any time. If you revoke your authorization, we will no longer use or disclose Personal Information about you for the reasons stated in your written authorization, except to the extent we have already acted in reliance on your authorization. You understand that we are unable to take back any disclosures we have already made with your permission, and we are required to retain our records of the care we provide to you..

 _Third-party Websites_ : The Sites contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site you should read the privacy policy published on that site. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on our Sites or through our Services. 

_Third-party Materials_ : The Services may allow you to display, use, include or make available content, data, information, applications or materials from third parties (“Third Party Materials”) or provide links to certain third party websites (“Third Party Websites”). For example, the Services may integrate and use a scale through technology provider BodyTrace. In such an event, before using these Services, you must agree to the BodyTrace: Terms of Use and BodyTrace: Privacy Policy.

When you allow the use of any Third Party Materials or access any Third Party Websites, you do so at your own risk, and you understand and agree that you are solely responsible for reading and understanding any terms of use and/or privacy policies that apply to such Third Party Materials or Third Party Websites. These Third Party Materials and Third Party Websites are not under Company’s control, and Company is not responsible or liable for the availability, reliability, content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness, services, materials or any other aspect of such Third Party Materials or found through the use of any Third Party Websites that link to or from the Services or are otherwise referenced in the Services. Company is providing these Third Party Materials and links to Third Party Websites for your convenience, and you understand that Company does not have control over the content and performance of any Third Party Websites and Company is not responsible for the content and/or performance of any such Third Party Websites. The inclusion of any such Third Party Materials or links in the Services does not imply endorsement by Company or any association with the third party website’s operators. Company also does not accept any responsibility for technical failures or for unauthorized access of user transmissions by any third parties. 

The providers of Third Party Materials and Third Party Websites (each, a “Third Party Service Provider”) may collect and use certain information about you, as specified in their privacy policies and terms of use. Prior to using or providing any information to any Third Party Service Provider, you should review their privacy policy and terms of use. If you do not understand or do not agree to the terms of a Third Party Service Provider’s privacy policy and/or terms of use, you should not use the related third party services.

Referrals 

From time to time, we may invite you to refer our Services to family members, colleagues or close friends. In these cases, it is your responsibility to ensure that these persons are indeed family members (marriage, common-law partnership or parent-child relationship) or people with whom you have a personal relationship (frequency of communication, sharing of interests, opinions, etc.). In short, we ask you to limit your invitations to people in your inner circle that may have an interest in our Services. We will send them only one email saying that you have suggested that they may be interested to try our Services. We will not contact them again if they do not reply or if they request that we do not contact them again. 

#### 5\. IS MY PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?

We employ administrative, physical, and technical measures designed to safeguard and protect information under our control from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. These measures include encrypting your communications by utilizing Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) software, using a secured messaging service when we send your Personal Information electronically and giving access to your Personal Information on a “need-to-know” basis. Our employees, officers, contractors, subcontractors and agents who are assigned to or engaged in the performance of the Services (“Personnel”) are required to sign a contract or written agreement stating that they will appropriately safeguard your Personal Information.

In addition, when we collect, maintain, access, use, or disclose your Personal Information, we will do so using systems and processes consistent with information privacy and security requirements under applicable federal, state and provincial laws, including, without limitation, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”).

Furthermore, your individual user account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. To ensure that there is no unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information, we suggest that you safeguard your password appropriately and limit access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.

We endeavor to protect user information to ensure that user account information is kept private. However, despite these measures, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from us via the Services offered through our Sites, by Internet or email cannot be guaranteed. Unauthorized entry, access, or use; loss; hardware or software failure; and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.

If you have reason to believe that your data or your interactions with us are no longer secure, you may contact us at the email address, mailing address or telephone number listed at the end of this document. In addition, if you have privacy or data security related questions, please feel free to contact the office identified at the end of this document.

#### 6\. HOW CAN I ACCESS AND CORRECT MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?

You can access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating that information. This list may change as the Sites change.

  * Real name
  * Account and user profile information (e.g., nickname and picture)
  * User email address
  * User mailing address
  * User mobile phone number
  * Username and password
  * Communication preferences



In order to help us maintain and ensure that your Personal Information is accurate and up to date, please update your Personal Information if it changes or inform us promptly so that we make the appropriate changes. 

In any case, on written request and subject to a proof of identity, you may consult the Personal Information that we have collected, used or disclosed. You may also ask by writing that any amendments be made to your records if the information is inaccurate or incomplete, where applicable, as authorized or required by applicable laws. 

#### 7\. WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE REGARDING MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?

As stated previously, you can always opt not to disclose information, even though it may be needed to take advantage of certain features of the Sites and the Services.

You are able to add or update certain information on pages, such as those listed in the “How Can I Access and Correct my Personal Information?” section, above. When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.

If you would like us to remove your records from our system, you may request deletion of your account with us by sending e-mail to[ privacy@preventnow.com](mailto:privacy@preventnow.com). Please note that some information may remain in our records after deletion of your account, including any information or records we are legally obligated to retain. We will process your request within a reasonable time, but please note that you may receive additional offers as we process your request.

If you do not wish to receive emails from us, please click on the “Unsubscribe” link contained in the emails or indicate this preference by emailing us at [privacy@preventnow.com](mailto:privacy@preventnow.com). Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Sites, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes.

Detention and Retention of your Personal Information 

Our servers are located in the United States of America. Your information will be retained for a period of 6 years after the end of the period during which Services are provided to you.

#### 8\. HOW DO WE PROTECT CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION?

The Services are not directed to children. We do not knowingly allow or solicit anyone under the age of 18 to participate independently in any of the Services. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that a user of the Services is under the age of 18 and has provided us with Personal Information without verifiable parental consent, we will delete such Personal Information from our files.

#### 9\. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

By using the Sites and Services, you agree to the current Privacy Policy and our Terms, into which this Privacy Policy is incorporated. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used or disclosed. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Sites and/or sending you an email. By continuing to access or use the Services after we have posted a modification or have provided you with notice of a modification, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If the modified Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease accessing the Sites and / or using the Services.

#### 10\. CONTACT 

If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding privacy on our Sites or if you want to make a request to access or correct your Personal Information, please contact our Privacy Officer at: 

By email: privacy@preventnow.com

By mail: Privacy Officer, Omada Health, Inc., 500 Sansome St., Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94111 

By phone: 415.484.7050

We will make every effort to respond to your questions, concerns complaints and requests within a reasonable time. 

Effective Date: November 1, 2015
