> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the abbeynational.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030603182238id_/http%3A//www.abbeynational.co.uk/privacy_statement.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Abbey National: Privacy statement

  
At Abbey National, we are committed to keeping your personal information secure & confidential both on-line and offline. We want you to enjoy your interaction with our website and its associated services, whether you are looking for information, using our on-line transactional services or applying for an account.

 **Sources of information**  
Whilst browsing and interacting with this website, there are several ways in which we can capture information generated by your actions, either directly or indirectly. These sources are explained in the "Browsing the 'freely accessible' areas of the website" and the "Browsing the encrypted (secure) areas of the website" sections and we have detailed how and why we capture this information and subsequently what we do with it.

 **Protecting yourself on-line**  
Below are some of the things that you can do to protect the security of your personal information on-line. The list is not exhaustive but by following these suggestions, you should not fall foul of Internet fraud.

  
 **Browsing the 'freely accessible' areas of the website**  
'Freely accessible' sections of the website are those that inform you of our accounts and services. It excludes those areas where you apply on-line, obtain insurance quotations or undertake other transactional services, for example e-banking.

 **Site Tracking information.**   
Abbey National uses 'cookie' based site tracking. A 'cookie' is a small file that resides on your computer's hard drive and enables us to monitor all unencrypted areas of our website. Site tracking helps us to review our content and improve site navigation. Our site tracking log data files do not collect personal information about you.

 **'Cookies'**  
A 'cookie' is a small text file that resides on your computer's hard drive. Abbey National's site tracking 'cookies' contain no name or address information. It consists of the following information:

Your browser allows you to disable both permanent and temporary cookies. If you do disable cookies you may not be able to use the Abbey National on-line encrypted services within the Abbey National website. If you wish to disable cookies on your browser, follow the instructions below and select the disable/reject options instead.

If cookies are disabled on your browser, here are the instructions on how to re-enable them. Please follow the instructions specific to your browser version. 

**Microsoft Internet Explorer v5**  
In order to enable 'cookies' using Internet Explorer v5,  

1) Click on the 'Tools' menu,  
2) Select 'Internet Options…',  
3) Click on the 'Security' tab. and choose the 'Custom Level…' button,  
4) Find the 'Cookies' option and enable both types, 'stored...' (Permanent cookies) and 'per session...' (Temporary cookies).

 **Microsoft Internet Explorer v6**  
In order to enable 'cookies' using Internet Explorer v6,  

1) Click on the 'Tools' menu,  
2) Select 'Internet Options…',  
3) Click on the 'Privacy' tab. and choose the 'Advanced options…' button,  
4) Check the 'Override automatic cookie handling' tick-box,  
5) Enable the 'First party' cookies by choosing the 'Accept' or 'Prompt' option,  
6) Enable the 'Third party' cookies by choosing the 'Accept' or 'Prompt' option.

 **Netscape Navigator v4 and above**  
In order to Enable cookies using Netscape v4 and above,

1) Click on 'Edit' on the menu bar and select 'Preferences…',  
2) Choose the 'Advanced' category,  
3) Choose the 'Accept all cookies' option and click OK to confirm.

 **Calculators, Decision Trees, Guides & Budget planners**  
When you use our range of calculators, decision trees, guides & budget planners, it is necessary to input details relating to your financial situation or requirements. The information we request depends on which account you are investigating. When you use a calculator, guide, decision tree or budget planner all the details you input are anonymous to us and once you exit, none of the details are stored. 

**How to Contact Us - 'Call Me'**  
If you would like to speak to one of our customer advisors via telephone we will pass your details to our call centre for them to call you back. When you use the 'Call Me' option you are connected directly via normal telephone lines and the calls are 

_not_ made across the Internet. Your details will be stored on our normal call centre systems, which are not connected to the Internet. To help us improve our service we may record or monitor phone calls.

 **How to Contact Us - Request a fact sheet**   
It is possible via the website to request a printed fact sheet. In order to fulfil these requests we collect some personal information from you. The information we collect is name, address and fact sheet required. Please be aware that your details are not transmitted using encryption technology and there is a risk of unauthorised viewing whilst in transit across the Internet.

Your details are kept by us once the fact sheet is despatched. We do this to a) periodically check fact sheet delivery timescales and b) so that from time to time we can follow up a request with a phone call to see if we can provide any further assistance.

 **How to Contact Us - e-mail us**  
When you e-mail us, we will collect some personal details such as name & address and phone numbers, in order to fulfil your request. Internet e-mail is not secure so we do advise that you keep personal information to a minimum, as we cannot guarantee its security while in transit over the Internet. Do not transmit account information using e-mail.

Once your query is resolved, the e-mail is stored on our standard internal contact systems behind our usual secure infrastructure and cannot be accessed by external parties. We store this information for an indefinite period of time in order to identify trends and to track ongoing queries.

 **Surveys and competitions**  
Occasionally Abbey National may undertake on-line market research surveys or run competitions. The information gathered via these methods may be used (with permission) to contact individuals for marketing purposes, and to notify competition winners. Should you choose to enter a competition or contribute to an on-line survey, we will treat the information you provide with the same high standard of care as all other customer information, and use any details provided strictly within the terms of the competition and this Privacy Statement.

 **Reminders**  
Abbey National would like to remind you that you are entitled to access information held about you and if found to be inaccurate, have information corrected and/or deleted. For further information please visit the website of the Information Commissioner at: [www.dataprotection.gov.uk.](http://www.dataprotection.gov.uk/)

We will tell you if we intend to use your information for marketing purposes and we will give you the opportunity to opt out of such marketing if you wish.

Abbey National is committed to keeping your personal information secure and confidential. We have introduced a [Peace of Mind Guarantee](http://www.abbeynational.co.uk/peace_mind_guarantee.htm).

 **Links to other websites**  
There are several places within this site which link to external websites. Abbey National does not accept responsibility for the content of these other sites.

Flexible mortgage illustrator - This feature is provided by Mainstream Computing Pty Limited. The illustrator is intended to be used as a guide only and should not substitute any professional mortgage advice. 

**Browsing the encrypted (secure) areas of the website**  
The secure areas of our website are used when you have to access your Abbey National accounts on-line or apply on-line for an account. The secure areas of the website can be identified by the address in the top of your browser. An encrypted area's address will begin **https://** rather than the usual **http://** .

 **e-banking service  **  
Our e-banking service operates from secure systems within Abbey National and because you are accessing your accounts remotely we have added extra layers of security for your added peace of mind.

Prior to entering your logon credentials, we take you to a secure part of our computer system. Subsequent messages sent to and from this system are protected by 128-bit SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology.  We recommend that you update your browser's cipher strength to 128-bit SSL. This should prevent any problems caused when viewing secure sites. If you have any questions about this please contact our technical support line on 0845 600 4388, which is open from 7am until 11pm, seven days a week.

In order to access your accounts we require 3 pieces of information from you to verify that you are authorised to view the account details. Firstly your card number is required, secondly a passcode is needed and finally a registration number. Only once all three parts of the data are confirmed as being correctly entered will we allow access to the accounts system.

In addition, we have introduced a ['Peace of Mind Guarantee'](http://www.abbeynational.co.uk/peace_mind_guarantee.htm). When using the Abbey National On-line Services we will cover any losses from fraud - guaranteed; just as long as you have taken the necessary safeguards to keep your passcode and registration number secret and haven't deliberately involved yourself in fraud. 

All our on-line transactional services are protected by 'firewalls'. This technology monitors & prevents any unauthorised access to our back-end systems ensuring that no account/personal details can be accessed by 'hackers'.

 **On-line services: e-credit card, e-mortgage and e-investments**  
Our on-line services use the same levels of security as our e-banking service to protect your privacy and ensure your security on-line (see the 'e-banking service' section above). 

The identity of customers using the Abbey National on-line services is confirmed through the dual use of a passcode and registration number, which have been designed in accordance with financial industry standards and best practice.

All information passed between Abbey National and customers using the on-line services is sent using strong industry standard encryption technology.

When filling in your contact details within our on-line services we ask for your e-mail address so that we can occasionally send you information about accounts and services which we think would be of interest to you. If you would prefer that we did not use your e-mail address in this way you can opt out by using the tick box situated there.  

If you receive e-mails and don't want to in future, please use the e-mail address below to let us remove you from our list.

[unsubscribe@abbeynational.co.uk](mailto:unsubscribe@abbeynational.co.uk)

 **Applying for accounts on-line & obtaining insurance quotes**  
In a similar way to e-banking our on-line application and quotation systems sit behind strong protective measures and is encrypted using 128-bit SSL technology when you submit your application. Once the form is received, it is stored on our secure servers and processed using our normal internal computer systems.

For credit account applications such as personal loans and bank accounts, we may pass your details to a recognised credit reference agency to help process your application.

If you apply for an account on-line, before you enter any personal details into the on-line form, we will tell you how your information will be used in our data protection statement and in the relevant terms and conditions. You will be asked to confirm that you have read and understood these before your application can proceed. 

**On-line Sharedealing**  
Abbey National offers an on-line sharedealing service provided by City Deal Services Limited. City Deal is part of the Abbey National Group of companies.

Prior to entering your logon credentials for on-line sharedealing, we take you to a secure part of our computer system. Subsequent messages sent to and from this system are protected by 128-bit SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology.  

All your transactional details are stored securely behind firewalls. Within our Certificate Dealing Service it is possible to research information on UK listed companies and AIM shares listed on the London Stock Exchange. Your research is undertaken anonymously and we are not able to identify you as an individual from your research. 

**Legal statement for our Privacy Statement**  
This Privacy Statement is not designed to form a legally binding contract between Abbey National and users of our website or on-line services. It is a guide towards our on-line protection standards, but of course, we do consider it of utmost importance to abide by the principles stated here.

 **Contacting us about our Privacy Statement**  
If you feel this Privacy Statement has not answered any concerns you may have or wish to enquire further, please contact our customer services team, who will be more than willing to help you. Their e-mail address is [customer.services@abbeynational.co.uk](mailto:customer.services@abbeynational.co.uk)
