> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mipi.org privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141215001455id_/http%3A//mipi.org/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | MIPI Alliance

This Privacy policy describes MIPI's treatment of identifiable personal information that MIPI collects when you access this website. We understand that your privacy is very important.

This policy describes the information MIPI collects in addition to that collected or used by Google Analytics which is mentioned below.

### How does MIPI collect personal information?

MIPI collects information which is contained in completed MIPI Alliance Contact forms, MIPI Alliance Membership Applications, attendance registrations at MIPI sponsored events or meetings, applications for access to any portion of this website to which access is otherwise denied, requests for Manufacturer IDs, requests to download a document made available by MIPI, applications for participation in a MIPI sponsored or co-sponsored event including (but not limited to) test events and emails or other electronic messages or correspondence sent or directed to MIPI.

### How does MIPI use your information?

The information you provide to MIPI about yourself or your employer is used only in carrying out the work and activities of MIPI, such as sending meeting announcements, circulating MIPI newsletters or other information to all MIPI members, circulating minutes of meetings of MIPI Working Groups and other committees. MIPI does not share this information with outside parties, unless in response to subpoenas or court orders or unless otherwise required to do so by law or governmental mandate or when consented to by you.

### External Links

This website may contain links to other websites, including those of MIPI Members or when the MIPI Board considers such links to be of interest. MIPI is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such other websites.

### Modifications

Please review this Policy from time to time. MIPI reserves the right to amend this policy at any time or from time to time.

### Google Analytics Disclaimer

“This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.”

All information collected by Google is subject to the policies of Google, over which MIPI has no control.

### Notice

The MIPI website is hosted and maintained by IEEE-ISTO with support from outside contractors. The IEEE-ISTO and those outside contractors involved are responsible under non-disclosure agreements for following this Privacy Policy.

### Opt-Out

If you are not a member of MIPI, and do not wish to receive any further communications from MIPI, please so advise MIPI by email sent to admin@mipi.org. We will use reasonable efforts to process your request as promptly as possible.

Attachment| Size  
---|---  
[Download MIPIs Privacy Policy](http://mipi.org/sites/default/files/MIPI_Privacy_Policy_v1.0.pdf)| 221.18 KB
