> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the movescount.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130607014802id_/http%3A//www.movescount.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Movescount.com - Powered by Suunto

## SUUNTO IS COMMITTED TO PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY

  * top



Suunto is committed to protecting your privacy and to comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws. We hope that this Privacy Policy ("Policy") helps you understand what kind of information we collect in connection with our products and services and how we process such information. Throughout this Policy the term "personal data" means information relating to an identified or identifiable individual (i.e. a natural person). "Suunto" refers to Suunto Oy, including its affiliates (also referred to as "we", "us", or "our").  
This Policy applies to personal data collected in connection with products and services offered by Suunto or from other interactions with us where a link or other reference of incorporation to this Policy is made, for example, in connection with our devices and accessories, software solutions, websites (also including mobile websites), games, music and other types of services offered by Suunto typically in electronic form, as well as other services such as customer care and warranty services or promotions and campaigns.  
We may provide additional or amending privacy information in connection with a particular Suunto product or service. Such information prevails over this Policy to the extent of any conflict. Our products or services may contain links to other companies’ websites and other third party services that have privacy policies of their own. We recommend that you read the privacy policies of such services. Suunto is not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of any such services.  
By using this website and/or by submitting personal data to Suunto, you express your agreement to the processing of your personal data in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not use this website or provide Suunto with your personal data. 

**Data collected**  
We collect your personal data typically when you make a purchase, use or register into our services, enter into a sales promotion or a campaign or otherwise interact with us. We endeavor to collect personal data only with your knowledge or consent. Below are examples of the categories of data collected.  
\- Technical Information For the most part, you may visit our websites or use our products or services without having to tell us who you are. However, certain technical information is normally collected as a standard part of your use of our services. Such information includes, for example, your IP-address, access times, the website you linked from, pages you visit, the links you use, the adbanners and other content you viewed, information about your devices and other such technical information your browser provides us with or as may be otherwise collected in connection with certain products and services. When you use our services or otherwise interact with us over telecommunications networks, certain additional information, such as your mobile subscription number, may be transmitted to us by the telecommunications operator as a standard part of that communication. Please also see the section "Use of Cookies and Web Beacons" below.  
\- Information you provide us with When you register for our services, make a purchase, enter a sales promotion or otherwise interact with us, we may ask you to provide us with information such as your name, email address, street address, as well as user names, passwords and other such credentials that are used to authenticate users and to validate their actions or that may be needed to provide you with the products and services you have requested or to communicate with you, as well as information uploaded by you such as location, route information, pictures etc.  
We may collect training data, demographic information, for example, your age, gender, postal code and language preferences. We may also collect other information you provide, such as your consents, preferences and feedback, information relating to your devices and other such information you provide us with. Please note that certain non-identifiable information collected from you may become personally identifiable when you provide us with your personal data. We may also obtain, in accordance with applicable law, some personal data from list-rental companies and other such publicly available sources. Some of our services may allow you to submit information about other people, for example, if you make an order for a product that you wish us to send directly to another recipient.  
\- Your transactions with us We collect or ask for information relating to your purchase and/or use of our products and/or services and your other interactions with us. Such information may include, for example, details of the queries or requests you have made, the products and services provided (including delivery details), financial details (including payments made, credit card details, billing address, credit checks and other such financial information), details of agreements between you and Suunto, records of contacts and communications, information and details relating to the content you have provided us with and other such transactional information. We may, in accordance with applicable law, record your communication with our customer care or with other such contact points. Certain services may involve the use of your location data. However, use of your location data for such services is subject to your consent.

 **The Purposes for which We Process Your Personal Data**  
Suunto processes your personal data for the purposes described in this Policy and/or any additional service specific privacy information. Please note that one or more purposes may apply simultaneously.  
\- Provision of products and services We may use your personal data to fulfill your requests, process your order or as otherwise may be necessary to perform or enforce the contract between you and Suunto, to ensure the functionality and security of our products and services, to identify you and to prevent and investigate fraud and other misuses.  
\- Development of products and services We may use your personal data to develop our products and/or services. However, for the most part we only use aggregate and statistical information in the development of our products and services. We may also use your personal data to personalize our offering and to provide you with service more relevant to you, for example, to make recommendations and to display customized content and advertising in our websites. We may combine personal data collected in connection with your use of a particular Suunto product and/or service with other personal data we may hold about you, except where such personal data was collected for a different purpose. We may create aggregate and statistical information based on your personal data.  
\- Communicating with you and marketing We may use your personal data to communicate with you, for example, to provide information relating to our products and/or services you are using or to contact you for customer satisfaction queries. We may use your personal data for marketing or research purposes, for example, to conduct market research and we may, in accordance with applicable law, contact you to inform you of new products, services or promotions we may offer. Also, some of our products and services may be used to promote products and services of other companies. However, Suunto does not disclose your personal data to such companies or any other company for marketing purposes without your prior consent.

 **Sharing Your Personal Data**  
Generally, we do not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose your personal data to third parties unless otherwise stated below.  
\- Consent We may share your personal data if we have your consent to do so. Some services may include sharing your personal data with other users of the service, for example services where users publish their own content or Suunto user communities.  
\- Suunto affiliated group companies and authorized third parties We may share your personal data with other Suunto affiliated group companies or authorized third parties who process personal data for Suunto for the purposes described in this Policy. Such parties are not permitted to use your personal data for other purposes, and we require them to act consistently with this Policy and to use appropriate security measures to protect your personal data.  
\- International transfers Our products and services may be provided using resources and servers located in various countries around the world. Therefore your personal data may be transferred across international borders outside the country where you use our services, including to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) that do not have laws providing specific protection for personal data or that have different legal rules on data protection, for example, the United States of America. In such cases we take steps to ensure that there is a legal basis for such a transfer and that adequate protection for your personal data is provided as required by applicable law, for example, by using standard agreements approved by relevant authorities (where necessary) and by requiring the use of other appropriate technical and organizational information security measures.  
\- Mandatory disclosures We may be obligated by mandatory law to disclose your personal data to certain authorities or other third parties, for example, to law enforcement agencies in the countries where we or third parties acting on our behalf operate. We may also disclose and otherwise process your personal data in accordance with applicable law to defend Suunto’s legitimate interests, for example, in civil or criminal legal proceedings.  
\- Mergers and Acquisitions If we decide to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganise our businesses in certain countries, this may involve us disclosing personal data to prospective or actual purchasers and their advisers, or receiving personal data from sellers and their advisers.

 **Collecting the Data of Minors**  
Suunto does not seek to collect any information from or engage in any transactions with persons under the age of 13. Our databases may nevertheless contain personal data of children under 13 due to the fact that it is not always possible to determine precisely the age of the user. We reserve the right to block the service from any person who is under 13 years of age.   
Suunto’s policy is to request that minors (the legal age of majority and therefore the age of minors is determined by local law where you reside) do not make purchases or engage in other legal acts on our products and services without the consent of a parent or legal guardian, unless otherwise permitted by applicable law.

 **Data Quality**  
We take reasonable steps to keep the personal data we possess accurate and up-to-date and to delete out of date or otherwise incorrect or unnecessary personal data.  
As certain Suunto products and services may allow you to manage your profile, we encourage you to access your personal data from time to time to ensure that it is correct and up-to-date. Please remember that it is your responsibility to provide us with correct details as well as to update the personal data you have provided us with in case of any changes.

 **Security**  
Suunto takes reasonable technical and organizational information security measures to prevent and minimize such risks associated with providing personal data..  
Such measures include, where appropriate, the use of firewalls, secure server facilities, encryption, implementing proper access rights management systems and processes, careful selection of processors and other technically and commercially reasonable measures to provide appropriate protection for your personal data against unauthorized use or disclosure. Where appropriate, we may also take back-up copies and use other such means to prevent accidential damage or destruction to your personal data. If a particular part of a Suunto website supports on-line transactions, we will use an industry standard security measure, such as the one available through "Secure Sockets Layer" ("SSL"), to protect the confidentiality and security of online transactions.

 **Use of Cookies and Web Beacons**  
From time to time when you visit a Suunto website, information may be placed on your computer to allow us to recognize your computer in the form of a textfile known as a "cookie". Our use of cookies is intended to provide benefits to you, such as eliminating the need for you to enter your password frequently during a session or the need to re-enter items you place in a shopping cart if you do not finish a transaction in a single visit. Cookies are also used for website traffic analysis and anonymous demographic profiling so that we may improve our services.  
Suunto may use so called web beacons (or "pixel tags") in connection with some websites. However, we do not use them to identify individual users personally. Web beacons are typically graphic images that are placed on a website and they are used to count visitors to a website and/or to access certain cookies. This information is used to improve our services. Web beacons do not typically collect any other information than what your browser provides us with as a standard part of any internet communication. If you turn off cookies, the web beacon will no longer be able to track your specific activity. The web beacon may, however, continue to collect information of visits from your IP-address, but such information will no longer be unique.  
If you do not wish to receive cookies, or want to be notified before they are placed, you may set your web browser to do so, if your browser so permits. Please understand that if cookies are turned off, you may not be able to view certain parts of this site that may enhance your visit. Some of our business partners whose content is linked to or from this site may also use cookies or web beacons. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.

 **Your Rights**  
In case you wish to know what personal data we hold about you or you wish to replenish, rectify, anonymize or delete any incomplete, incorrect or outdated personal data, or you wish us to cease processing your personal data for the purpose of sending promotional materials or direct marketing or for the performance of market research or on other compelling legal grounds, you may, as appropriate and in accordance with applicable law, exercise such rights by contacting us through the contact points referred to below. In some cases, especially if you wish us to delete or cease the processing of your personal data, this may also mean that we may not be able to continue to provide the services to you. We encourage you to use available profile management tools for the above purposes as such tools often provide you with direct access to your personal data and allow you to effectively manage it.  
Please note that Suunto may need to identify you and to ask for additional information in order to be able to fulfill your above request. Please also note that applicable law may contain restrictions and other provisions that relate to your above rights.

 **The Controller of Your Personal Data and Contact Details**  
Suunto Oy, Valimotie7, 01510 Vantaa, Finland is the controller of your personal data.  
In matters pertaining to Suunto’s privacy practices you may also contact us at:  
Suunto Corporation  
c/o Legal  
Valimotie 7  
01510 Vantaa

 **Changes to This Privacy Policy**  
Suunto may from time to time change this Privacy Policy or change, modify or withdraw access to this site at any time with or without notice. 

**Tietosuojakäytäntö**

## TIETOSUOJASI ON MEILLE TÄRKEÄ

  * top



Henkilötietojen käsittelyn ensisijaisena perusteena on asiakassuhde tai muu asiallinen yhteys taikka rekisteröidyn suostumus.  
Suunto kunnioittaa asiakkaidensa yksityisyyden suojaa. Suunto on sitoutunut toiminnassaan noudattamaan soveltuvia tietosuoja- ja muita lakeja. Toivomme, että tämä tietosuojapolitiikka auttaa sinua ymmärtämään mitä tietoja Suunto kerää tuotteidensa ja palveluidensa käytön yhteydessä ja miten sellaista tietoa käytetään. Tietosuojapolitiikassa esiintyvä termi ”henkilötieto” viittaa kaikkeen tietoon, joka on yhdistettävissä yksittäiseen luonnolliseen henkilöön. ”Suunto” viittaa Suunto Oy:hyn ja sen tytäryhtiöihin.  
Tämä tietosuojapolitiikka toimii samalla Suunnon tuotteiden ja palvelujen rekisteriselosteena ja se kuvaa sellaisten Suunnon tuotteiden ja palveluiden yhteydessä kerättävien henkilötietojen käsittelyä, joiden tarjoamisen yhteydessä viitataan tähän tietosuojapolitiikkaan, esimerkiksi Suunnon internet- sivustojen, kauppapaikkojen, tietokoneohjelmien, internet-palveluiden tai muiden vastaavien tuotteiden ja palveluiden yhteydessä.  
Joillakin Suunnon tuotteilla ja palveluilla voi olla omia henkilörekistereitään, joilla on oma rekisteriselosteensa tai tietosuojapolitiikkansa. Yksittäisen palvelun yhteydessä voidaan lisäksi antaa lisätietoja kyseisen palvelun yhteydessä kerättävistä henkilö- ja muista tiedoista sekä niiden käsittelystä. Mikäli annetut tiedot ovat ristiriidassa tämän politiikan kanssa, yksittäisen palvelun yhteydessä annetut tiedot ovat ensisijaisia.  
Jatkamalla tämän sivuston käyttöä tai toimittamalla Suuntolle henkilötietoja sitoudut samalla siihen, että henkilötietojasi voidaan käsitellä tässä tietosuojapolitiikassa kuvatulla tavalla. Mikäli et hyväksy tämän tietosuojapolitiikan sisältöä, ole hyvä ja lopeta sivuston käyttö äläkä toimita meille henkilötietojasi.

 **Rekisterin sisältämät tiedot**  
Henkilötietojasi kerätään rekisteröityessäsi Suunnon tuotteiden tai palveluiden käyttäjäksi, tuotteiden ja palveluiden myynnin ja niiden käytön yhteydessä sekä Suunnon tuotteiden ja palveluiden promootioiden ja myyntikampanjoiden yhteydessä.  
Henkilötietojasi voidaan kerätä ja päivittää myös kolmansien osapuolten ylläpitämistä rekistereistä, esimerkiksi Väestörekisteristä ja Suomen Suoramarkkinointiliiton ylläpitämästä kieltorekisteristä sekä muista vastaavista rekistereistä. Suunto kerää muun muassa seuraaviin ryhmiin kuuluvia henkilötietoja:  
\- Tekniset tiedot: Vaikka Suunnon sivustoja voi useimmiten selailla ilman, että sinun täytyy rekisteröityä tai muuten tunnistautua, selaimesi toimittaa Suuntolle tiettyjä tietoja, esimerkiksi käyttämäsi IP-osoitteen, selailun ajankohdan, miltä sivuilta olet tulossa, millä sivuilla vierailet, mitä linkkejä käytät ja mitä mainoksia tai muita sisältöjä olet katsonut. Suunnon tuotteiden ja palvelujen käytön yhteydessä voi syntyä myös muuta teknisluonteista tietoa, jota keräämme. Esimerkiksi käyttäessäsi Suunnon palveluita yleisen viestintäverkon välityksellä, liittymäsi puhelinnumero, palvelun käyttöajankohta ja muita vastaavia palvelun käyttöä kuvaavia tietoja voi siirtyä Suuntolle osana normaalia viestin välitystä. Suunto käyttää internet-sivustoillaan evästeitä (”cookie”), joiden käytöstä annetaan lisätietoja alempana kohdassa 8. (Käyttäjän tunnistus ja evästeiden käyttö).  
\- Asiakkaan toimittamat tiedot Suunto voi kerätä tuotteidensa ja palveluidensa yhteydessä seuraavia tietoja: asiakkaan nimi, osoite, puhelinnumero, email-osoite ja muut yhteystiedot, joita tarvitaan mm. tuotteiden ja palveluiden toimittamiseen, asiakasviestintään ja käyttäjien tunnistamiseen, sekä asiakkaan tallentamat reitti- ja urheilutiedot, kuvat yms.  
Voimme kerätä myös ns. demografiatietoja esim. ikä, sukupuoli, kieli, asuinaluetta kuvaavat tiedot, sekä mieltymyksiäsi, toivomuksiasi ja antamisia lupia ja suostumuksia kuvaavia tietoja sekä muita vastaavia tietoja, joita tarvitsemme mm. tuotteiden ja palveluiden kehittämiseen ja voidaksemme tarjota sinulle kohdennettuja palveluita.  
Joidenkin palveluidemme yhteydessä sinulla voi olla mahdollisuus antaa Suunnolle muita henkilöitä koskevia tietoja, esimerkiksi silloin, kun haluat meidän toimittavan tuotteen tai palvelun toiselle vastaanottajalle.  
\- Asiakkuuteen ja sopimussuhteeseen liittyvät tiedot Keräämme tietoja asiakkuuteen ja sopimussuhteeseen liittyvistä asioista, esimerkiksi tilaamiisi ja/tai käyttämisiisi tuotteisiin ja palveluihin, sopimuksiin, yhteydenottoihin, asiakasvalituksiin, sekä takuu- ja muiden palveluiden tarjontaan ja käyttöön liittyviä tietoja, tuotteiden ja palveluiden maksamiseen ja laskutukseen liittyviä tietoja, kuten laskutusosoitte, luottotietojen tarkastamiseen liittyvät tiedot, luottokorttitiedot, ja muut vastaavat taloudelliset tiedot, Suunnolle toimittamaasi aineistoa koskevat tiedot ja muita vastaavia Suunnon ja sinun välistä kanssakäymistä kuvaavia tietoja. Voimme nauhoittaa asiakaspalvelupuheluja. Joidenkin palveluidemme yhteydessä voimme kerätä paikkatietojasi lain sallimissa rajoissa.

 **Rekisterin käyttötarkoitus**  
Käsittelemme henkilötietojasi seuraaviin tarkoituksiin:  
\- Tuotteiden ja palveluiden tarjoaminen Henkilötietojasi voidaan käyttää pyyntöihisi ja kysymyksiisi vastaamiseen, tekemiesi tilausten hallinointiin sekä sopimusten täytäntöönpanoon ja muiden vastaavien velvoitteiden täyttämiseen. Henkilötietojasi voidaan käyttää myös tuotteiden ja palveluiden toteuttamiseen, käyttäjien tunnistamiseen ja tietoturvasta huolehtimiseen sekä tuotteiden ja palveluiden väärinkäytösten ehkäisyyn ja tutkintaan lain sallimissa rajoissa. Voimme markkinoida tai muuten tuoda esiin muiden yritysten tuotteita tai palveluita omien palveluidemme yhteydessä. Henkilötietojasi ei kuitenkaan luovuteta Suunnon ulkopuolelle markkinointitarkoituksessa ilman suostumustasi.  
\- Tuotteiden ja palveluiden kehittäminen Henkilötietojasi voidaan käyttää Suunnon tuotteiden ja palveluiden kehittämiseen. Silloin, kun se on mahdollista, pyrimme käyttämään tilastollisia ja muita vastaavia tietoja, joista yksittäistä käyttäjää ei voida tunnistaa. Henkilötietojasi voidaan käyttää myös voidaksemme kohdentaa tuotteitamme ja palveluitamme sinulle, esimerkiksi tehdäksemme suosituksia tuotteisiimme ja palveluihimme liittyen tai näyttääksemme räätälöityja sisältöjä. Voimme yhdistää eri tuotteiden ja palveluiden yhteydessä kerättyjä tietoja siltä osin, kuin tiedot on kerätty samaan käyttötarkoitukseen ja voimme tehdä tilastoja tuotteiden ja palveluiden kehittämisen edellyttämässä laajuudessa.  
\- Asiakasviestintä ja markkinointi Henkilötietojasi voidaan käyttää lain sallimissa rajoissa Suunnon ja sen yhteistyökumppaneiden tuotteiden ja palveluiden markkinointiin, suoramarkkinointiin, markkinatutkimuksiin sekä asiakasviestintään, esimerkiksi informoidaksemme sinua tuotteisiimme ja palveluihimme liittyvistä asioista. Voimme myös tehdä asiakastyytyväisyyttä koskevia tutkimuksia.

 **Tietojen luovutus**  
Suunto ei myy, lainaa tai muutoin luovuta henkilötietojasi Suunnon ulkopuolelle muuta kuin seuraavissa tilanteissa:  
\- Suostumus Voimme luovuttaa henkilötietojasi siinä määrin kuin meillä on suostumuksesi kyseiseen luovutukseen. Jotkin palvelumme voivat olla luonteeltaan sellaisia, että niissä julkaistaan käyttäjien henkilötietoja, esimerkiksi yhteisöpalvelut tai sellaiset palvelut, joiden avulla käyttäjät julkaisevat omia sisältöjään.  
\- Suunnon konserniyhtiöt ja alihankkijat Henkilötietojasi voidaan luovuttaa Suunnon konserniyhtiöille ja valtuutetuille alihankkijoille siinä määrin, kun ne osallistuvat tässä politiikassa kuvattujen käyttötarkoitusten toteuttamiseen. Tällaiset kolmannet osapuolet eivät saa käyttää tietojasi mihinkään muuhun kuin Suuntolle tai Suunnon lukuun tarjottavan palvelun toteuttamiseen ja velvoitamme heidät pitämään tietosi salassa ja huolehtimaan asianmukaisesti riittävästä tietoturvan tasosta henkilötietojesi suojaamiseksi.  
\- Kansainväliset tietojen siirrot Suunnon tuotteita ja palveluita toteutetaan eri puolilla maailmaa sijaitsevia resursseja käyttäen. Tällöin henkilötietojasi voidaan siirtää eri maiden välillä. Tällaiset siirrot voivat sisältää henkilötietojen luovutuksia Euroopan talousalueen ulkopuolelle sellaisiin maihin, joiden henkilötietojen käsittelyä koskeva lainsäädäntö poikkeaa Suomen lain vaatimuksista, esimerkiksi Amerikan Yhdysvaltoihin. Suunto huolehtii tällöinkin henkilötietojen suojan riittävästä tasosta mm. sopimalla henkilötietojen luottamuksellisuuteen ja käsittelyyn liittyvistä asioista lainsäädännön edellyttämällä tavalla, esimerkiksi Euroopan Komission hyväksymiä mallisopimuslausekkeita käyttäen ja muuten siten, että henkilötietojen käsittely tapahtuu tämän politiikan mukaisesti.  
\- Pakottavan lainsäädännön edellyttämät luovutukset Henkilötietojasi voidaan luovuttaa lakiin perustuvien vaatimusten mukaisesti, esimerkiksi Suomessa tai muissa maissa, joissa henkilötietoja käsitellään toimivien viranomaisten tai muiden tahojen esittämien vaatimusten edellyttämällä tavalla.-Yritysjärjestelyt Mikäli Suunto myy tai muuten järjestelee liiketoimintojaan, kyseiseen liiketoimintoon liittyviä henkilötietojasi voi siirtyä liiketoiminnan uusille omistajille.

 **Alaikäisiä koskevien tietojen käsittely**  
Suunto pyrkii siihen, että se ei kerää alle 13 -vuotiaiden henkilötietoja. Koska palvelujen käyttäjien ikää voi olla vaikea todentaa, myös alle 13 vuotiaita koskevia tietoja saattaa päätyä asiakastietokantoihimme. Varaamme oikeuden estää palvelun käytön alle 13 vuotiailta.  
Toimintatapanamme on, etteivät alaikäiset (Suomessa alle 18-vuotiaat henkilöt) voi tehdä ostoksia tai muita oikeustoimia tällä sivustolla ilman vanhempansa tai laillisen holhoojansa suostumusta ellei laista muuta johdu.

 **Tietojen laatu**  
Suunto pyrkii kohtuullisin toimenpitein huolehtimaan siitä, että hallitsemamme henkilötiedot ovat ajan tasalla ja muutoinkin oikeellisia. Pyrimme poistamaan vanhentuneet ja/tai virheelliset tiedot. Jotkin Suunnon tuotteet ja palvelut voivat mahdollistaa sen, että käyttäjä itse hallinnoi keräämiämme henkilötietoja. Kehotamme sinua aika ajoin tarkistamaan tietojesi ajan tasaisuuden tällaisia työkaluja käyttäen. Pyydämme huomioimaan, että on jokaisen käyttäjän asiana olla toimittamatta Suuntolle virheelliseksi tietämäänsä tietoa.Rekisterin suojaus  
Suunto käyttää tarkoituksenmukaisia teknisiä ja organisatorisia tietoturvakeinoja henkilötietojen suojaamiseksi..  
Tällaisia keinoja voivat olla mm. palomuurien, salaustekniikoiden, turvallisten laitetilojen käyttö, asianmukainen kulunvalvonta, hallittu käyttöoikeuksien myöntäminen ja niiden käytön valvonta, henkilötietojen käsittelyyn osallistuvan henkilöstön ohjeistaminen, alihankkijoiden huolellinen valinta sekä sopimuksellisten ja muiden vastaavien keinojen käyttö henkilötietojen käsittelyyn osallistuvien kolmansien osapuolten käytön yhteydessä. Voimme myös ottaa varmuuskopioita tarvittavassa määrin. Käytämme SSL- tai muita vastaavia standardien mukaisia tekniikoita suojataksemme elektronisten liiketapahtumien luottamuksellisuuden.

 **Käyttäjän tunnistus ja evästeiden käyttö**  
Suunto voi käyttää sivustoillaan evästeitä eli ”cookieta”. Evästeet ovat pieniä tiedostoja, jotka lähetetään päätelaitteesesi sivustoltamme, ja joiden avulla tyypillisesti kerätään tiettyjä päätelaitetta koskevia tietoja. Evästeiden käyttö mahdollistaa tiettyjä etuja käyttäjille, esimerkiksi käyttäjän täytyy syöttää salasanansa vain kerran istunnon aikana tai käyttäjän ei tarvitse täyttää ostoskoriaan uudestaan, jos ostotapahtuma jostain syystä keskeytyy. Evästeitä käytetään myös sivustomme liikenteen analysointiin, jotta voimme kehittää palveluitamme.  
Suunto voi myös käyttää ns. web beaconeita joidenkin sivustojensa yhteydessä. Suunto ei käytä web beaconeita yksittäisten käyttäjien tunnistamiseen henkilökohtaisesti, vaan sivustojemme kehittämiseen. Web beaconit ovat tyypillisesti sivustolle sijoitettavia graafisia kuvia, joiden avulla voidaan kerätä tietoja sivuston käytöstä. Tyypillisesti web beaconit eivät tuota muuta informaatiota, kuin mitä käyttäjän selain toimittaa palveluntarjoajalle osana palveluiden käyttöä. Niiden avulla voidaan myös analysoida evästeitä. Jos evästeiden käyttö on estetty, web beacon ei voi enää seurata tietyn käyttäjän toimintaa. Se voi kuitenkin edelleen kerätä selaimesi tuottamaa tietoa.  
Mikäli et halua vastaanottaa evästeitä tai haluat tulla informoiduksi ennen niiden vastaanottamista, voit muuttaa selaimesi asetuksia vastaavasti, mikäli selaimesi tämän mahdollistaa. Evästeiden käytön estäminen voi kuitenkin johtaa siihen, että sivuston tai palvelun kaikki ominaisuudet eivät ole käytettävissäsi. Joidenkin palveluntarjoajien sivustot, joihin Suunnon sivustoilla on linkki, voivat myös käyttää evästeitä tai web beaconeita. Suuntolla ei kuitenkaan ole pääsyä tai kontrollia tällaisiin evästeisiin.Sinun oikeutesi  
Sinulla on lain sallimissa puitteissa oikeus tarkastaa, mitä tietoja olemme sinusta keränneet. Sinulla on oikeus lain sallimissa puitteissa vaatia virheellisen, tarpeettoman, puutteellisen tai vanhentuneen henkilötiedon korjaamista tai poistamista. Voit myös kieltää Suuntoa käsittelemästä itseäsi koskevia tietoja suoramainontaa, etämyyntiä ja muuta suoramarkkinointia sekä markkina- ja mielipidetutkimusta varten.  
Edellä mainittujen oikeuksien käyttämiseksi sinun tulee lähettää asiaa koskeva pyyntö kirjallisesti ja allekirjoitettuna osoitteeseen:  
Suunto Oy  
Legal  
Valimotie 7  
01510 Vantaa 

Edellä mainittuja sekä Suunnon internet-sivustoilla mainittuja yhteystietoja voi käyttää myös muita Suunnon yksityisyydensuojaa koskevien tiedustelujen tekemiseen.  
Rekisterinpitäjä  
Rekisterinpitäjä on Suunto  
Rekisterin nimi  
Suunnon tuotteiden ja palveluiden asiakasrekisteri

Muutokset rekisteriselosteeseen  
Suunto voi milloin tahansa muuttaa tämän rekisteriselosteen sisältöä. 
