> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the movietools.info privacy policy that was archived on 2018-07-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180712003826id_/http%3A//www.movietools.info/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

### **Privacy Policy Movietools.info**

You may give us personal information about you, such as your name, your contact email and other contact details on various places on our website. This privacy policy describes how we collect and use your personal information.

How and where we collect personal information:

\- Discussion Board (Forum)  
\- Comments below our Animations and Tutorials  
\- User Registration

How we use your personal information:

We will never rent, sell, share or otherwise disclose your personal information to third parties. We might contact you from time to time regarding the services (like our forum) you have subscribed to.   
You may also opt out from receiving information from us at any time and ask us to remove your contact information from our database.

### **Cookies**

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed onto your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps examine web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Essentially, cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie does NOT give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies to your preference. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.

We use cookies on our website and we assume you are ok with this otherwise please disable cookies in your browser or navigate away and clear cookies set by the website.

Cookies on this website are used for:

\- Analytical/performance purposes - this allows us to recognise and calculate the number of visitors and to see how visitors navigate around the website when they are using it. Therefore helping us improve the way our website functionality for example, by ensuring that users can find what they are looking for easily.  
\- Functionality purposes - to help us recognise you when you return to our website. This allows us to personalise our content for you and remember your preferences and settings  
\- Sharing purposes – this allows you to share pages with social networks such as Facebook and Twitter.

If you have any questions regarding our Cookie policy then please email us.

### **Google Analytics**

“This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.

Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or at http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/privacyoverview.html. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “gat._anonymizeIp();” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking)."
