> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the movoto.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190623115753id_/https%3A//www.movoto.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Our Privacy Policy

Movoto takes your privacy seriously. At Movoto we created this policy to demonstrate our commitment to ensuring that your personal information remains safe and secure. For information about safe surfing from the FTC, see [https://www.ftc.gov.](https://www.ftc.gov/)

Scope

This policy applies to the Movoto website(s) and our interactions with Movoto clients and covers how Movoto collects and treats information that is personally identifiable, like name, address, email address or phone number. At its sole discretion, Movoto will update this privacy policy statement from time to time. You are responsible for regularly reviewing this Privacy Policy and any applicable changes. Continued use of the service after any changes take effect will constitute your acceptance of such changes. You can review the current version of this Privacy Policy at any time at [https://www.movoto.com](https://www.movoto.com/)

**GDPR and Prohibition of Use By European Residents**

Movoto is based in the United States and its services are currently designed to facilitate real estate transactions within the United States.  It does not knowingly or intentionally collect personal data from residents of the European Union, Switzerland, or any other individual protected by the European General Data Protection Regulations (the “GDPR,” and such residents, collectively, “European Residents”).  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Privacy Policy, and given that Movoto may not comply with GDPR requirements, European residents are prohibited from using Movoto’s website(s) and its products and services to the extent that the GDPR would apply to the collection of such European Residents’ personal data by Movoto.  Movoto may block European IP addresses and take other measures designed to ensure that it does not collect personal data from European Residents.  To the extent a European Resident attempts to evade such measures (for example, through the use of a Virtual Private Network (VPN)) or otherwise violates Movoto’s Privacy Policy or [Terms of Use](https://www.movoto.com/about/terms-of-use/), such European Resident agrees to fully indemnify Movoto for any liability which it suffers due to such European Resident’s actions (including, without limitation, with respect to any fines assessed by European authorities against Movoto or its affiliates pursuant to the GDPR).  If a European Resident believes, or would like to otherwise verify whether any of their personal data has been transmitted to Movoto, then such European Resident may contact Movoto using the information contained in the last section of this Privacy Policy.  Movoto will immediately delete any such personal data of European Residents.

**I. What personally identifiable information is collected?**

There are times when we may need information from you, for instance, to get property search criteria or to set up your account. We may collect additional information to customize the site for you, to communicate with you, to complete a transaction, to conduct surveys, to receive feedback, to analyze or enhance the service (including, without limitation, by utilizing third-party services such as Inspectlet as set forth in more detail below), or to provide you with certain services (including, without limitation, assigning real estate agents to you) through third-party partners (including, without limitation, through lead referral partners as set forth in more detail below).  As further set forth in Section II, we may also collect and combine personally-identifiable information about you from third party sources (including, without limitation, information collected from public and private sources).

**Information You Give Us**

We receive and store your account information during registration. When you register, we ask for information such as your name, email address, zip code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. We also receive and store your searches for housing information, including search terms and settings.  If you elect to provide feedback or participate in surveys then we may analyze and store any such information you elect to provide.

**Automatic Information**

We automatically track certain information to understand how the site is used and how we can improve your overall experience and offer additional functionality, products and services. This information includes the IP address, browser type, operating system, URLs and referring URLs. Our website uses cookies to keep track of this information while you are visiting or using Movoto. Cookies are very small files placed on your computer so that, when you return to Movoto, we can identify you. Cookies are needed for the Movoto site to operate properly.

We currently contract with several online partners to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications, including, without limitation, via the segment.io platform. We use the services of a marketing company to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site. To do this, we use Web beacons and cookies provided by our marketing company on this site. The information we collect is anonymous and includes the pages visited, search terms used, time on the site and completion of certain tasks on the site. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. Although our marketing company manages the information coming from our site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used.

We may also receive reports from third party analytics providers, which we may combine with the personal data we collect from you directly to provide and improve our service. These tools may collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the service. We also use advanced analytics service providers, such as Inspectlet, to monitor your usage, and analyze how you interact and engage with our service. Inspectlet records videos of site visitors as they use the site to help understand their behavior, such videos may capture your information including personally-identifiable information that you enter on our site.  The collection and storage of your data by such service providers is also governed by their privacy policies, you may access Inspectlet’s Privacy Policy at [https://www.inspectlet.com/legal#privacy](https://www.inspectlet.com/legal#privacy). You can opt out of the collection and storage of your data by Inspectlet at any time by using the following link:  [Opt Out Inspectlet](https://www.inspectlet.com/optout)

**Google Display Advertising; DoubleClick Cookie**

We use and support one or more Google tools including without limitation, Google Analytics (including Universal Analytics), (hereinafter, collectively, “Google Analytics”), Google AdWords (including Smart Pixel), Google Developer Console and Google Displaying Advertising which may include, without limitation, one or more of the following features: (i) Remarketing (as such term is defined below), (ii) Google Display Network Impression Reporting, (iii) the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, and (iv) Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting).  We connect Google Analytics with Google Developer Console in order to better understand user behavior in connection the applications we provide. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Site. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Site or other sites on the Internet.

You may opt out of the use of Google Analytics for Display Advertising (including disabling the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising) and customize Good Display Network ads by visiting the [Google Ads Settings page](https://adssettings.google.com/).  Even though you may opt out of the use of such Google services, we may still use other services, such as the segment.io platform, to collect and analyze data.

We use remarketing with Google Analytics (including Universal Analytics) and/or Google Adwords (including Smart Pixel) (collectively, “Remarketing”) to advertise online including after you've visited our Site.  Remarketing may be based on your location, interests (including, without limitation, your interest in (i) buying, renting and, managing real estate, (ii) the type, condition, features, location and cost of such real estate, (iii) moving services including type, origin, destination, size and date, (iv) home financing including type, income and insurance), and other information collected about you in compliance with [Google's Policy For Advertising Based On Interests And Location](https://support.google.com/adspolicy/answer/143465?hl=en).   In connection with Remarking and otherwise (i) We and our third party vendors, including, without limitation, Google, may show you ads on sites across the internet, and (ii) We and our third party vendors, including, without limitation, Google, use first party cookies (including, without limitation, the Google Analytics cookie) and third party cookies (including, without limitation, the DoubleClick cookie) to inform, optimize and serve you ads based on your past visits to our Site.

We and our third-party vendors, including Google, also use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our Site.  You may opt out of having your activity tracked by Google Analytics (for e.g. through cookies) by following the instructions contained in Section III below entitled “Your ability to change your privacy settings.”

In connection with our use of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting we use data from Google's Interest-based advertising or 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests) with Google Analytics for several purposes, including, without limitation: (i) understanding our audience and the interests and demographics of the Site's users, (ii) improving Site content to better serve our audience, (iii) segmenting Remarketing campaigns by demographics, location or interests, and/or (iv) targeting ads in Google Adwords.

You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the [Google Ads Settings](https://adssettings.google.com/) page. Google also allows you to install the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) for your browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.  You can also opt-out of third-parties' use of cookies by visiting the [Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).

**Other Third Party Partners**

Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, we may partner with third parties (“Third Parties”) to offer additional products and services, including, without limitation, (i) on-line or off-line surveys, and (ii) real estate broker services (collectively, “Third Party Products”).  You acknowledge and agree that (i) such Third Parties may advertise such Third Party Products to you through us or via the movoto.com website (and any other sites which have an affiliate or partner relationship with us) (collectively, the “Channel Websites”), (ii) we and Third Parties may share any information collected on Channel Websites in connection with the marketing and sale of Third Party Products, and (iii) Movoto may receive compensation or commissions from Third Parties in connection with your use, purchase or participation in any Third Party Products.  Furthermore, if you indicate that you are interested in purchasing certain real estate we may sell or license your information (including, without limitation, personally-identifiable information) to our partners (including, without limitation, lead referral partners) in order for such partners to provide real estate, broker and related services to you in connection with properties or areas in which you have expressed interest.  Any information which you provide to our partners (including their respective agents, affiliates or partners) is also governed by such partners’ respective privacy policies.  However, Movoto shall have no obligation or liability in connection with your decision to use, purchase or participation in any Third Party Products (including, without limitation, participating in any compensated or non-compensated Third Party surveys or receiving any real estate broker services) regardless of whether Movoto receives any compensation or commissions from such Third Parties.

**II. How is personally identifiable information used and shared?**

When appropriate, we will ask for information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information will be requested when you register for a Movoto account, perform property searches, request other information through our site, and/or participate in surveys and provide feedback. Movoto uses this information for the purpose of fulfilling your requests for products and services, improving our services, conducting research, verifying your compliance with our [Terms of Use](https://www.movoto.com/about/terms-of-use/) (and/or any other agreement you have with us), auditing real estate transactions, and customizing the content and advertising you see.

When you provide your personal information to Movoto, you agree that Movoto may use that information to contact you. For example, we may send you e-mail communications related to real estate information, services or products that we believe may be of interest to you. Similarly, if you provide your phone number we may call you to discuss a request for information or to introduce you to a real estate professional. If you do not want to receive such e-mails or phone calls from Movoto, contact us at [customercare@movoto.com](mailto:customercare@movoto.com) or click on the “opt-out” or “Manage My Account” link contained in the e-mails.  No personally-identifiable information is ever uploaded to Google.

User profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. Some of this information may be shared with third-party companies on an aggregate basis and/or as further set forth below. We may occasionally hire other companies to provide services on our behalf. In this situation, we will only provide such companies with the information they need to provide the service. They will be prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.

Notwithstanding any other provision set forth herein, we may share personally-identifiable information (including, without limitation, your name, telephone number and email address) (the “Shared Information”) with Third Parties which Third Parties may match such information with other information such Third Parties already hold about you (including, without limitation, your current address, telephone number, email address, the identity of members of your household and other demographic data).

Except as may otherwise be specifically set forth herein, Movoto does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or when we work with trusted partners (including, without limitation, lead referral partners as discussed in more detail above). Movoto will also disclose your personal information if Movoto reasonably believes that it must do so in order to comply with any applicable law, valid legal process or governmental request; in order to enforce the T&C or Privacy Policy; or in order to protect the rights of Movoto employees, Movoto users, or third parties.

By submitting your contact information you agree to our [Terms of Use ](https://www.movoto.com/about/terms-of-use/)and Privacy Policy. You also expressly consent to having us, our agents in the Movoto network and our partners (including, without limitation, lead referral partners) contact you about your inquiry by email, text message or phone (including automatic telephone dialing systems and/or artificial or prerecorded voice, and potentially including telemarketing calls or messages) to the residential or cellular telephone number you have provided, even if that telephone number is on a corporate, state or National Do Not Call Registry, and you agree that your act of submitting contact information is intended to serve as your signature or electronic signature. Your ISP, phone or telecommunications company may charge you for such emails, calls or messages. However, you do not have to agree to receive such calls or messages as a condition of getting any services from Movoto or its affiliates.

**III. Your ability to change your privacy settings**

You may opt out of receiving e-mails, e-mail updates and alerts and phone calls by contacting Movoto at [customercare@movoto.com](mailto:customercare@movoto.com). Your account can be deactivated by contacting Movoto at [customercare@movoto.com](mailto:customercare@movoto.com). You may also turn off cookies in your browser.

If you would like to stop having your activity tracked (for e.g. through cookies) you may elect to opt-out of such tracking and/or having your data and activity used by Google Analytics.  In order to do so you will need to create an account and then click on [Google Analytics opt out](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).  However, by opting out of the Google Analytics your activity may still be tracked through other third-party services we use via the segment.io platform.  By agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy you further agree that we may connect (i.e. stitch) any of your authenticated and non-authenticated browsing sessions.  However you may change the settings to prevent such connections (i.e. stitching) by clicking on [Google Analytics opt out](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en) from within your account.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit [http://optout.networkadvertising.org](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).

**IV. Security measures to protect your information**

We limit access to your personal information to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information in order to provide you with products or services or in order to do their jobs.

**V. Movoto's Do-Not-Call Policy**

Movoto has established and implemented the following written policy and procedures for maintaining a do-not-call list. It is Movoto's intent to honor anyone's do-not-call request in a systematic and timely manner. It is also our intent to fully comply with any and all applicable do-not-call rules as a matter of course in our routine business practices. These rules are generally set forth at sections 64.1200 et seq. of Title 47 of the Code of Federal Regulations pertaining to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991.

Movoto requires our sales staff, affiliated real estate agents and other personnel to read, understand, and strictly adhere to the following rules and procedures:

**Checking Company-Specific Do-Not-Call List:**  Do not initiate any call to any home or cell phone number for the purpose of soliciting business unless you first check client Contact Restrictions on the Movoto client administration tool. There is no exception to this rule for calls made based on written permission, established business relationship, or personal relationship. If you do not have a copy of or access to Movoto-specific do-not-call list, inform Movoto immediately.

**Honoring Do-Not-Call Requests:**  If the purpose of your call is to solicit business, you must refrain from calling anyone's home or cell phone number listed on Movoto do-not-call list. Honor any do-not-call request for five years, unless the person asks to be removed. Do not share Movoto's do-not-call list with anyone outside Movoto.

**Verbal or Written Do-Not-Call Requests:**  If anyone you speak with over the telephone or in person requests for Movoto to refrain from calling that person or if you receive a do-not-call request by mail, fax, e-mail or any other method, you must immediately update the following information in the Movoto Client Record: (1) the person's name, if provided; (2) the person's home and/or cell phone number(s) to be included in the do-not-call request; (3) the date and time of the do-not-call request; and (4) set “Contact Restrictions” to “Do Not Call This User”. Your immediate attention in this matter is essential because Movoto must honor the do-not-call request within a reasonable time, not to exceed 30 days from the date of the request.

**Our Affiliated Entities:**  A do-not-call request applies to Movoto and our affiliated agents for the purposes of Movoto initiated business contact.

**Any Questions?**  If you have any questions or concerns about the do-not-call rules, bring it immediately to the attention Movoto Customer Care. Our central office is located at 1900 S. Norfolk, Ste 310, San Mateo, CA 94403. We can also be reached by fax at (650) 349-9900, by phone at 866-644-5439 or by email at [customercare@movoto.com](mailto:customercare@movoto.com).

Date Updated: June 4, 2018
