> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pbrnow.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080620081725id_/http%3A//www.pbrnow.com/policies/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Professional Bull Riders, Inc. Privacy

## PBRnow com Web Site Privacy Policy

"PBRnow.com" is the interactive on-line service operated by Professional Bull Riders, Inc., on behalf of Professional Bull Riders, Inc., PBR Properties, Inc., PBR-TV, Inc. and each of their respective subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "PBR") on the World Wide Web of the Internet, consisting of information services, interactive components and content provided by PBR and other third parties. This Privacy Policy is applicable to the website[s] accessible at PBRnow.com, PBRStuff.com, PBRFantasy.com (collectively the "Service"). This privacy policy shall be prominently published on the Service. The purpose of this privacy policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect, how we may collect it, with whom we may share it, and certain other matters related to such information, including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you. 

Please read the following to learn more about our data collection policies and practices. 

  * Types of information that may be collected
  * How information may be collected
  * How we use the information collected
  * With whom the information may be shared
  * Security
  * Chat Rooms, Forums, and Message Boards
  * Links to Other Web Sites
  * A special note for parents concerning privacy
  * Notification of changes and your acceptance of the Privacy Policy
  * Correcting/updating personal information
  * DeepMetrix Privacy Policy


  1. **Types Of Information That May Be Collected.**  
The following are the types of information we may collect: 
    1. Information you provide PBR; 
    2. Your Personal Information. Personal information about you such as your user ID, user name and password, name, email address, telephone number, fax number, physical address, birth date, gender, zip code, credit card information, and other information may be collected via the Service; 
    3. Others Personal Information. Personal information about others that you submit to the Service. For example, you might submit a person's name, address, e-mail address and other information if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people include: recipient's name, address, e-mail address and telephone number; 
    4. Service Usage Information. We may receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit the Service. For example, we may collect click-stream data and your IP address, as well as information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, materials, content and services; 
    5. Email Communications. When you open emails from the Service, we may receive a confirmation noting you opened an email from us, if your computer supports such capabilities. We also may keep track of what emails we send you and what emails you may be receiving from PBR and our subsidiaries and affiliates. Additionally, we keep a record of what emails you have opted to and not to receive; 
    6. Non-personally Identifiable Information. We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of the Service's web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g. Netscape, Internet Explorer, etc.), the type of operating system you are using (e.g. Windows '95 or Mac OS, etc.) and the domain name of your internet service provider (e.g. AOL, Earthlink, etc.). 
    7. Information from Other Sources. We may receive information about you from other sources and add it to your personal information. 
  2. **How Information May Be Collected.**  
We may collect information from you in several different areas or pages on the Service, including but not limited to those described below: 
    1. Registration. You may be asked first to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information; you may also be asked to choose a user ID, user name and password in order to take advantage of certain features or services the Service may choose to offer, including, but not limited to, newsletters, contests, forums, fantasy, auctions or other subscription based services. 
    2. Newsletters and Service Emails. We may offer free newsletters to share information with you about the Service, about PBR and our affiliates and subsidiaries, or about our business partners, advertisers and sponsors. You may receive a newsletter either by registering for a particular newsletter or in conjunction with a special feature or membership for which you have registered on the Service. You may cancel your free email subscription by following the instructions provided on the Service or, in some instances, in the designated area of certain newsletters or emails. 
    3. Contests or Sweepstakes. PBR may operate contests and sweepstakes through the Service which may require registration. Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes. We may ask your permission to allow us to post publicly some of your information on the Service, such as on a winners page, in the event you win a contest or sweepstakes. Except as required by applicable law, we will not post your information without your permission. In some instances, a third party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Service, and collect your information. In those cases, where we are not the operator or host of the contest or sweepstakes, we have no control over the information collected and accordingly urge you to review the advertiser's or sponsor's privacy policy applicable to the contest or sweepstakes before participating. 
    4. Surveys or Voting. From time-to-time we may request personally identifiable information from you via surveys or voting polls. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information. At times, you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey. 
    5. Auctions. PBR may operate auctions through the Service which may require registration. Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for bidding or seller information, successful bidder notification, delivery confirmation or other related purposes. We may ask your permission to allow us to post publicly some of your information on the Service in the event you are the successful bidder in an auction. In some instances, a third party auctioneer, advertiser or sponsor may operate or host an auction on or through the Service, and collect your information. In those cases, where we are not the operator or host of the auction, we have no control over the information collected and accordingly urge you to review the auctioneer's, advertiser's or sponsor's privacy policy applicable to the auction before participating. To the extent the auction is hosted or operated by PBR, the PBRnow.com Auction Terms and Conditions will apply and you are urged to carefully review those materials before participating. 
    6. Cookies. As with many Web Services, the Service uses standard technology called "cookies," which are small data files that are transferred to your computer when you allow your browser to accept cookies. Cookies automatically identify your Web browser to the Service whenever you visit the Service, and make using the Service easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences. By tracking how and when you use the Service, cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the Service are based on data obtained from cookies. Accepting cookies allows you, among other things, to personalize your experience on the Service. Cookies may also allow the Service to present to you advertising which may be of interest to you . If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, you generally can opt out of providing this information by turning the cookies off in your browser; however, some areas of the Service may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies. 
    7. IP Addresses and Click-stream Data. We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. Our computers identify your computer by its IP address. When you request Web pages from the Service, our computers log your IP address. Click-stream data is information collected by our computers when you request Web pages from the Service. Click-stream data may include such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other such non-personal information. When analyzed, this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the Service, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and the like. 
    8. Transaction Information. If you order any information from our Service, buy any of our products or subscribe for any of the services offered on our Service, we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you, including financial information such as a credit card number and expiration date and general contact, billing and shipping information. We will use this information to complete the transaction that you have requested, i.e., to deliver the information, products or other services that you order, and to invoice you. Such information is collected and stored through encrypted means for your protection. 
    9. Fantasy Games. When you register to play Fantasy games, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information. 
  3. **How We Use The Information Collected.**  
PBR owns the information collected via this Service. As applicable, the information you provide to us may be used to: 
    1. contact you about the Service; 
    2. contact you relating to your membership, subscriber account or Service user status; 
    3. fulfill your requests for products, programs, information and services; 
    4. confirm or fulfill an order you have made; 
    5. facilitate participation in online forums, chat rooms and message boards; 
    6. respond to your inquiries about our offerings; 
    7. offer you other products, advertisements, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you; 
    8. monitor or improve the use of the Service; 
    9. notify you of changes to the Service or these privacy policies; 
    10. customize the advertising and content you see; 
    11. monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of the Service; 
    12. provide special offers to you from PBR and/or its respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties; 
    13. send you promotional material on behalf of our partners; 
    14. inform you of the status and results of an auction in which you participated; 
    15. inform you of a prize you have won 
    16. contact others, about whom you have provided information, to offer our products, programs or services to them. 
  4. **With Whom The Information May Be Shared.**  
At times, we may share your personally identifiable information with others for various purposes. The following outlines the ways in which your information may be shared with others: 
    1. Agents: We employ other businesses, certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, sending e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, Service analysis, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They may have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. 
    2. Promotional Offers: We may send offers to you on behalf of other partners. When we do this, we do not give that partner your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers, you may opt out in the email or change your preferences. 
    3. Aggregate Information: We may share aggregate information such as demographics and Service usage statistics to advertisers, sponsors or other organizations. When this type of information is shared, the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information. 
    4. Opt-in and Opt-out Programs: Throughout the Service you may be presented with opportunities to receive special offers from third parties. An opt-in/opt-out message will ask you if you would like your information to be shared. If you do choose to have your information shared, in an effort to protect you, third parties who have access to personally identifiable information must abide by the current Service privacy policy. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other companies, and you should review the privacy practices of such Web Services prior to providing your personally identifiable information. 
    5. Third-Party Ad Serving & Audience and Traffic Measurement Services: The Service may use a third party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on the Service or may use a traffic measurement service to analyze the traffic on the Service. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this Service and other Web Services you have visited. Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or Web Services you might be interested in. Audience and Traffic Measurement Services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavior information from our Service by monitoring anonymous visitor activity. Although advertisers or other companies do not have access to the Service cookies, the Service's advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser. Cookies allow third party advertisers to show you advertisements or content you might be interested in. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. 
    6. PBR Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may share your information (including, without limitation, personally identifiable information) with subsidiaries and affiliates of PBR. 
    7. Business Transfers: The Service or PBR may be sold along with its assets, or other transactions may occur in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred. In such a case, your personally identifiable information, which we have gathered, may be one of the business assets we transfer. 
    8. Legal Process: In the event we are required to respond to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process or law enforcement agency request, your personally identifiable information may be disclosed pursuant to such subpoena, court order or legal process or request, which may be without notice to you. 

We may also disclose personally identifiable information to persons, companies and entities whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy (e.g. other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases, and non-profit organizations) that want to market products and services to you. If the Service shares personally identifiable information, it will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or block such uses. 

  5. **Chat Rooms, Forums And Message Boards.**  
The Service may make chat rooms, forums and message boards available to its users. You are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas but you may choose to do so. If you choose to submit content for publication (e.g. questions for an online chat guest), we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us (e.g. transcript of the chat, including your question). If you post personal information online, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. PBR cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room, forum, or message board. Also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas. 
  6. **Links To Other Web Services.**  
You should be aware that when you are on the Service you could be directed to other Services beyond our control. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement, the "click" may take you off the Service onto a different Website. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use the Service's logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other Websites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a Website that is linked to our Service, you should consult that Service's privacy policy before providing any personal information. 

We sometimes may offer content (e.g. contests, sweepstakes, auctions, or promotions) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors or users voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity. PBR does not have ultimate control over these third parties' use of such information and our Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that third-party ad server may have collected from you. 

  7. **Security.**  
This Service incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss, misuse and alteration. Your personally identifiable information is transferred to our computers utilizing encryption software. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required. 
  8. **A Special Note For Parents Concerning Privacy.**  
The Service is a general audience Service. We do not currently collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the Service. If in the future, PBR collects personally identifiable information from children, it will do so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) including, without limitation, obtaining necessary parental consent. The Internet offers children wonderful educational and entertainment resources. Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience. We encourage you to visit the Direct Marketing Association's Web Service (www.the-dma.org) and explore the Get CyberSavvy! Program as well as the GetNetWise Web Service (www.getnetwise.org) to learn more about parental control tools. 
  9. **Notification Of Changes And Your Acceptance Of The Privacy Policy.**  
By using this Service, you signify your agreement to the terms of our privacy policy. If we decide to change or update this privacy policy, we will give you notice of the changes made so you can be aware of such revised privacy policy. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by way of an email or some other means. Your continued use of the Service shall constitute your acceptance of such revised privacy policy. 
  10. **Correcting/Updating Personal Information.**  
If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if you no longer desire to access our Service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove the personal data you have provided to us. This can be done by making changes to your profile, by using an opt out message in an email, or by emailing PBR Administration at admin@pbrnow.com. 
  11. **DeepMetrix Privacy Policy.**  
The Service uses the products and services of DeepMetrix Corporation (DeepMatrix LiveStats) to analyze website traffic on the Service. The DeepMetrix privacy notices identify the key concerns of privacy advocates and explain the intentions and uses of web statistics from an end-user point of view. The DeepMetrix product specific privacy policies may be accessed at the following link: <http://www.deepmetrix.com/legal/privacy/products/> LiveStats is a registered trademark of DeepMetrix Corporation. DeepMetrix is a Registered trademark of DeepMetrix Corporation. `DeepMetrix Corporation  
15 Gamelin Blvd.  
Gatineau, QC Canada J9H-1V4 `

ALTHOUGH WE TAKE APPROPRIATE MEASURES TO SAFEGUARD AGAINST UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION, WE CANNOT ASSURE YOU THAT PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION THAT IS COLLECTED WILL NEVER BE DISCLOSED IN A MANNER THAT IS INCONSISTENT WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. 




If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this Service, contact PBR Administration at [admin@pbrnow.com](mailto:admin@pbrnow.com). Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to: 
    
    
    Professional Bull Riders, Inc.
    Attn: Website Administration - Privacy
    101 West Riverwalk
    Pueblo, Colorado 81003
    [privacypolicy@pbrnow.com](mailto:privacypolicy@pbrnow.com)

  

