> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wirelesspowerconsortium.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121102004630id_/http%3A//www.wirelesspowerconsortium.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - Wireless Power Consortium

## General

You can visit this website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names and IP addresses of visitors.

Domain name information and the IP addresses that we collect are not used to personally identify you and instead is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site. We may share the domain information and IP addresses we collect from your visit with our member companies.

## Contact form

You can contact us on the contact form. We will need to know your email address to be able to respond to questions. This email address will be used only to respond to your question. You will not be added to mailing lists. The email address you provided will not be shared with third parties.

## Subscribing to newsletters

You can subscribe to a newsletter. We may send you announcements by email after you have subscribed to the newsletter. Each newsletter contains an “unsubscribe link” at the bottom. You will not receive newsletters after your clicked this “unsubscribe link”. The email address you provided will not be shared with third parties.

## Access to the members-only part of the website

Employees of our member companies may obtain access to the member’s area of the website. Access to the member’s area is possible only if you provide us with a valid email address. You will receive announcements on this email address. Employees of our member companies can subscribe and unsubscribe themselves to additional mailings lists. The email address you provided will be visible to employees of other member companies with access to the member’s area of this website. The email address you provided will not be shared with third parties.

## Cookies and Google Analytics

We use Google Analytics to help us to understand how you make use of our content and work out how we can make things better. These cookies follow your progress through our website, collecting anonymous data on where you have come from, which pages you visit, and how long you spend on the site. This data is then stored by Google in order to create reports. These cookies do not store your personal data.  
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website, including your IP address, may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google may use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

The Google website contains further information about [Analytics ](http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html)and a copy of [Google's privacy policy](http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html).
