> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wirelessemporium.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110609020844id_/http%3A//www.wirelessemporium.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Buy Cell Phone Accessories from WirelessEmporium – Cell phone Covers, Faceplates, Charms, Chargers, Batteries - Deep Discounts and Free Shipping

[](http://www.bbbonline.org/cks.asp?id=10310111381735436)  
  
| [UNLOCKED PHONES](https://web.archive.org/unlocked-cell-phones.asp "Unlocked Cell Phones") |  | [FACEPLATES/COVERS](https://web.archive.org/cell-phone-covers-faceplates-screen-protectors.asp "Cell Phone Faceplates - Protectors") |  | [BATTERIES](https://web.archive.org/cell-phone-batteries.asp "Cell Phone Batteries") |  | [CHARGERS](https://web.archive.org/cell-phone-chargers.asp "Cell Phone Chargers") |  | [CASES](https://web.archive.org/cell-phone-cases.asp "Cell Phone Cases") |  | [HEADSETS](https://web.archive.org/bluetooth-headsets-handsfree.asp "Bluetooth Headset") |  | [HOLSTERS/HOLDERS](https://web.archive.org/cell-phone-holsters-belt-clips-holders.asp "Cell Phone Holsters - Holders") |  | [ANTENNAS/PARTS](https://web.archive.org/cell-phone-antennas.asp "Cell Phone Antennas - Parts") |  | [CHARMS](https://web.archive.org/cell-phone-charms-bling-kits.asp "Bling Kits - Cell Phone Charms")  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
|  |  |  [Cell Phone Accessories](https://web.archive.org/index.asp) > WirelessEmporium.com Privacy Policy   
---  
| 

[](http://clicktoverify.truste.com/pvr.php?page=validate&url=www.wirelessemporium.com&sealid=101) WirelessEmporium.com is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to enable individuals and organizations to establish trusting relationships based on respect for personal identity and information by promoting the use of fair information practices. This privacy statement covers the site www.WirelessEmporium.com. Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to our users' privacy, we have agreed to disclose our privacy practices and have them reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe.   
  
---  
  
If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first [contact us](https://web.archive.org/contactus.asp). If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or it is not satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process (<http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php>). TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve users concerns.   
  
At WirelessEmporium.com, we are committed to protecting your privacy online. Our Privacy Policy demonstrates our firm commitment to protecting the privacy of our customers. When you shop at WirelessEmporium.com, we collect transactional information, or Personally Identifiable Information, from you such as your name, telephone number, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, credit card or other payment information. Any changes, corrections or updates to your transactional information can be edited during the purchase process. WirelessEmporium.com DOES NOT SHARE, SELL or RENT your transactional information to others, except as described in this statement. Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with an appropriate law enforcement investigation, current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.   
  
WirelessEmporium.com uses customer information only for the purposes of processing and fulfilling orders, contacting purchasers to inform them of their order status, sending promotional information on a 100% opt-in basis, and enhancing the user experience. We occasionally partner with other third parties to provide intermediary services. For example, we use an outside shipping company (the United States Postal Service) to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. We also offer Paypal as an additional payment option. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. When the user purchases our products or services, we share names, or other contact information necessary for the third party to provide these services. These third parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. You may "opt out" of receiving most of these materials. Registering for the Site entitles you to receive the WirelessEmporium.com email newsletter (and other topical and promotional newsletters that we may develop), as well as other offers and communications that we feel may be of interest. You may opt out at any time by [contacting us](https://web.archive.org/contactus.asp), or by following the instructions contained in most communications. If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. Wireless Emporium stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and for tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may [contact us](https://web.archive.org/contactus.asp) to request that we remove this information from our database.   
  
WirelessEmporium.com stores information that is collected through cookies to create a profile of our user. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. WirelessEmporium.com uses session ID cookies to create and identify user profiles. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. By setting a cookie on our site, users would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while shopping on our site. Only WirelessEmporium.com can access a cookie that we place. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that is tied to the users personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user's visit to our Web site, and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. We DO NOT share your profile with other third parties.   
  
WirelessEmporium.com Web pages contain Google Analytics electronic images (called a "single-pixel gif" or "Web beacon") to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics about our Web site usage. Google Analytics is a traffic and e-commerce analysis service which enables us to better manage the merchandising on our site by informing us of what areas and product categories are in demand by our customers. Web beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. Similarly, the Google Analytics code gathers data through the use of a persistent cookie. Cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you like best. And when visitors re-visit our site, cookies can enable us to customize our content according to visitor preferences. However, both the Web beacons and cookies are not tied to users' personally identifiable information. These cookies expire once you leave the WirelessEmporium.com site (including WirelessEmporium.com third-party partner affiliate sites for cell phones and downloads). In addition, this privacy statement covers the use of cookies by WirelessEmporium.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any other 3rd party affiliate partners of WirelessEmporium.com, Inc.   
  
If your personally identifiable information changes, you can make the necessary modifications by logging into your account to make any updates changes or deletions, or you can [contact us](https://web.archive.org/contactus.asp) and an associate will assist you.   
  
Links to cell phone plans and service, cell phone ring tones, games and graphics are served by respective third parties. These affiliate sites display the look and feel of WirelessEmporium.com, but are not a part of WirelessEmporium.com. The process of purchasing cell phone plans and service, ring tones, games and graphics is independent of the WirelessEmporium.com checkout process. For questions in regard to the privacy policy and practices of these organizations please contact Inphonic, Inc. for cell phones and service at [customer_relations@inphonic.com](mailto:customer_relations@inphonic.com), and Movaya, Inc. at [wirelessemporium@movaya.com](mailto:wirelessemporium@movaya.com) respectively.   
  
WirelessEmporium.com will occasionally offer special contests and promotions. When you enter a contest or other promotion, we may ask you for contact information such as your name, address and e-mail address in order to administer the contest, to send you promotional e-mails, and to notify winners.   
  
The importance of security for all transactional information associated with our customers is of utmost concern to us. Whenever sensitive information (such as a credit card number) needs to be transmitted to process orders, that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry, known as Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL"). At WirelessEmporium.com you can be assured that your transactional information is secure, consistent with current industry standard SSL encryption technology. Our secure servers protect the information using state of the art firewall technology.   
  
WirelessEmporium.com will remain committed to protecting your privacy online. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. When such a change is made, we will post the revised Privacy policy on our website so please bookmark this page and check back periodically. If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users and customers via email and by posting an immediate notice on our Web site for at least 30 days.   
  
Questions regarding the WirelessEmporium.com Privacy Policy may be sent to us via our [contact page](https://web.archive.org/contactus.asp), or may also be sent directly to the following address: 

**Wireless Emporium, Inc.**  
Attn: Privacy Policy Compliance  
1410 N. Batavia St.  
Orange, CA 92867 
