> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wireframe.cc privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180906030506id_/https%3A//wireframe.cc/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Wireframe.cc

Wireframe.cc

Effective date: May 25, 2018

Wireframe.cc ("Wireframe.cc Premium","us", "we", or "our") operates the Wireframe.cc website (the "Service", "Site").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. 

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from [wireframe.cc/terms](https://wireframe.cc/terms)

* * *

## Your Privacy

Our Website follows all legal requirements to protect your privacy. Our Privacy Policy is a legal statement that explains how we may collect information from you, how we may share your information, and how you can limit our sharing of your information. You will see terms in our Privacy Policy that are capitalized. These terms have meanings as described in the Definitions section below.

* * *

## Definitions

  * **Personal Data** : Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

  * **Usage Data** : Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).




**Cookies** : Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User's device.

**Data Controller** : Data Controller means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

**Data Processors (or Service Providers)** : Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

**Data Subject** : Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

**User** : The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

* * *

## Information Collection And Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information include:

  * Email address
  * Username
  * Cookies and Usage Data



The processing of Personal Data is based on legitimate interests. Without the data, we would not be able to provide you the service we are offering and perform contracts with customers.

#### Usage Data

We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

#### Tracking & Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

  * Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service. They enable you to log into secure areas of the Site.
  * Analytical and Preference Cookies. These cookies collect information about how many people are using our Site and how they are moving around it when they are using it. We may use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.



* * *

## Use of Data

Wireframe.cc uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To create and manage your account
  * To provide and maintain the Service
  * To notify you about changes to our Service or your account
  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
  * To provide customer care and support
  * To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
  * To monitor the usage of the Service
  * To prevent, detect and address technical issues



* * *

## Retention of Data

We will retain your Personal Data for as long as needed to provide you with our Services. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis and diagnostic purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for two years, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

* * *

## Transfer Of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

Wireframe.cc will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

Our data is hosted in the United States within company Webfaction. Their parent company, Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.

* * *

## Disclosure Of Data

### Legal Requirements

Wireframe.cc may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

  * To comply with a legal obligation
  * To protect and defend the rights or property of Wireframe.cc
  * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
  * To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
  * To protect against legal liability



* * *

## Security Of Data

We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being used or accessed in an unauthorised way, disclosed, altered or accidentally lost.

We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.

* * *

## Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. TermsFeed aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

  * **The right to access** , update or to delete the information we have on you.

  * **The right of rectification.** You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.

  * **Right to erasure.** You can ask us at any time to delete all the personal data we are processing about you.

  * **The right to object.** You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.

  * **The right of restriction.** You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.

  * **The right to data portability.** You have the right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.




If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please [contact us](mailto:info@wireframe.cc).

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

#### Time limit to respond

We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. In some cases, if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests it may take us longer than a month. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.

* * *

## Automated decision-making or profiling.

Wireframe.cc does not use your personal data for the purposes of automated decision-making.

* * *

## Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf or to perform Service-related services.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

List of our data subprocessors:

Entity Name | Entity Type | Entity Location  
---|---|---  
Webfaction | Cloud Service Provider | UK  
Mailgun Technologies, Inc. | Email Service Provider | USA  
  
### Payments

We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing.

We will not store or collect your payment card details or billing details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.

The payment processor we work with is FastSpring. Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at <http://fastspring.com/privacy/>

* * *

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 16 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

* * *

## Changes To This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email: [info@wireframe.cc](mailto:info@wireframe.cc)

[Home](https://wireframe.cc/) [Terms](https://web.archive.org/web/20180906030506id_/https%3A//wireframe.cc/terms.html) [Privacy](https://web.archive.org/web/20180906030506id_/https%3A//wireframe.cc/privacy.html) [Contact](mailto:info@wireframe.cc)
