> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the koraorganics.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180908135844id_/https%3A//koraorganics.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | KORA Organics

This privacy policy (this "Privacy Policy") applies to your use of the [www.koraorganics.com](http://www.koraorganics.com/) website (the "Website"), which is owned and operated by [KORA Organics by Miranda Kerr Pty Ltd.] ("KORA", "us", "our" or "we"). Your privacy and security are important to us. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will use and protect the personal information you provide us. We will not share your personal information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. We do reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check back periodically.

**How do we use your personal data?**

In providing your personal data, you consent to us using the data collected in order to meet our commitments to you and to provide you with the service you expect. We need your data for the following purposes:

  *    To create your personal account on the Website (e.g. your name and email address)
  *    To process your orders via our online services (e.g. your name, address, date of birth and payment details)
  *    To send email message notifications of delivery status
  *    To send you marketing offers such as newsletters and catalogues (e.g. your email address, your name and your postal address)
  *    To contact you in the event of any problems with the delivery of your items (e.g. telephone number, address)
  *    To answer your queries and to inform you of new or changed services (e.g. your email address)
  *    To notify the winners in competitions arranged online (e.g. your email address, name, home address and telephone number)
  *    To analyse your personal data to provide you with relevant marketing offers and information (e.g. name, buying habits)
  *    To be able to validate that you are of legal age for shopping online (e.g. date of birth)



We will only keep your data for as long as necessary to carry out our services to you or for as long as we are required by law. After this your personal data will be deleted. We cannot remove your data when there is a legal storage requirement, such as bookkeeping rules or when there are other legal grounds to keep the data, such as an ongoing contractual  **relationship.**

**How do we protect your data?**

We have taken technical and organisational measures to protect your data from loss, manipulation, unauthorised access, etc. We continually adapt our security measures in line with technological progress and developments. At KORA we protect your data using encryption. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is a function that encrypts all information sent between buyer and seller.

1\. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU.

**1.1 Personal Information vs. Non Personal Information.  **Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with an efficient and helpful experience while using the Website. In order to do so, the Website collects two types of information about you, Personal Information and Non Personal Information. "Personal Information" refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are and which can be used to identify, contact or locate you. We may also collect and use Personal Information to verify your identity when you are making purchases via the Website. Examples of Personal Information include your first name together with your last name, your credit card number, your mailing address and/or email address, and your phone number. Generally, we collect Personal Information when you use the Website to make product purchases, fill out surveys, correspond with us, choose to submit testimonials, stories, photos or the like to the Website, or otherwise volunteer information about yourself . "Non Personal Information" refers to information that does not by itself identify you or a specific individual. Examples of Non Personal Information we may collect include demographic information, which web pages of ours are most often visited and which of our products are either receiving the most purchases or website visits. We may collect Non Personal Information through any of the methods discussed above as well as automatically through use of industry standard technologies discussed further below.

**1.2 Access and Change to Personal Information.**  Upon written request, KORA will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update or correct Personal Information previously submitted but only to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user's written request, KORA will functionally delete the user and his or her Personal Information from the database where such information is stored; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information being retained because of the nature in which backups of data are maintained.

**1.3 Information You Provide To Us.**  You will have the opportunity to provide us with Personal Information and Non Personal Information which we will collect directly from you as follows (this is not an exhaustive list):

(a) For visitors via email hyperlink. For visitors who provide photographs, stories, testimonials or other feedback about our products or our Website, or provide us any other information via correspondence or otherwise ("Content") directly via an email hyperlink on the Website, we collect your first and last name, email address and any Content included in the email. By submitting Content, you agree that KORA may use your Personal Information and such Content as permitted under this Privacy Policy, including reproducing the Content on the Website and in KORA's marketing and advertising materials.

(b) For customers purchasing products. If you make purchases at our online store, we will collect and maintain your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, purchased product information, credit card number (or check or money order information if using such payment methods while ordering via mail), order tracking number, referring URL, IP address and a password. If you purchase a gift certificate at our online store, we will also collect the name, email address, mailing address, and telephone number of the recipient. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the order form and make changes and additions to the information it contains and these changes will automatically be kept for future use. If you cancel an order or do not complete an order, we may collect and use any email address or other information that you have entered as we would collect and use it if you had completed an order.

(c) For subscribers to our website. If you sign up for information relating to the KORA Newsletter, we will collect and maintain your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number. If you cancel a subscription, we may collect and use any email address or other information that you have entered.

**1.4 Information Collected Through Technology**. We or our third party service providers may collect information from visitors to the Website regarding the referring URL, your IP address, which browser you used to come to the Website, information regarding your domain server, the country, state and telephone area code where your server is located, your type of computer, timestamp data and the pages of the Website that you viewed during your visit. Some of this information is gathered through the following technologies:

(a)  **Cookies:**  A cookie is a small text file that is saved to, and, during subsequent visits, retrieved from your computer or mobile device. KORA uses cookies to enhance and simplify your visit. We do not use cookies to store personal information, or to disclose information to third parties.

There are two types of cookies: permanent and temporary (session cookies). Permanent cookies are stored as a file on your computer or mobile device for no longer than 12 months. Session cookies are stored temporarily and disappear when you close your browser session. We use permanent cookies to store your choice of start page and to store your details if you select "Remember me" when you log in. We use session cookies when you use the product filtration function, to check whether you are logged in or if you put an item in your shopping bag.

You can easily erase cookies from your computer or mobile device using your browser. For instructions on how to handle and delete cookies please look under "Help" in your browser. You can choose to disable cookies, or to receive a notification each time a new cookie is sent to your computer or mobile device. Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of all our features.

(b)  **Third-party cookies** : We use third-party cookies to collect statistics in aggregate form in analysis tools such as Google Analytics and Facebook. The cookies used are both permanent and temporary cookies (session cookies). The permanent cookies are stored on your computer or mobile device for no longer than 24 months.

**(c) Links:**  The site may include links to other websites which do not fall under our supervision. We cannot accept any responsibility for the protection of privacy or the content of these websites, but we offer these links to make it easier for our visitors to find more information about specific subjects.

(d) IP Address. You can visit many areas of the Website anonymously without the need to become a registered user. Even in such cases, we may collect IP addresses automatically. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you begin service with an Internet Service Provider. Each time you access the Website and each time you request one of our pages, our server logs your IP address. Standing alone, your IP address is not necessarily personally identifiable.

(e) Web Beacons. KORA may use a variety of other technical methods for tracking purposes, including web beacons. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in web pages and e-mails. We may use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send our users to determine whether they have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails. The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable.

2\. USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.

**2.1 Use of Personal Information and Non Personal Information.  **We use Personal Information and Non Personal Information in order to fill your orders, to communicate with you about your orders or other requests and to send you informational and promotional materials, including about upcoming KORA promotions and events. In addition, we may use Personal Information and Non Personal Information to learn more about our community and/or customers so we can improve our products, promotions and events. The following are some specific examples of how we may use the information that we collect from you. This list is not exhaustive and is published as a guide only:

(a) System Administration. We use your IP Address and other information discussed above in Section 1.4 for the purposes of system administration, to assist in diagnosing problems with our server, to monitor our system performance and the level of activity on the Website in general and about specific portions of our Website and how the traffic on our Website is apportioned and from where it may come, and to gather broad demographic information about our Website visitors and customers, so we can make it easier and more convenient for you to navigate and use the Website, and make our Website more useful and better targeted for you and our community in general.

(b) Personalisation. We use Cookies and IP Addresses to provide features such as personalisation. We may also use cookies to assist us in delivering content specific to your interests, such as informing you of certain third party offerings.

(c) Notices to Recipients Regarding Orders or other Requests. If you have made a purchase via the Website, we may use your Personal Information to send one or more emails regarding your order, including regarding customer service issues. We may also telephone you regarding fulfilment of your order.

(d) Newsletters & Promotional Emails; Opt-Out Option: We may offer free electronic newsletters and promotional emails regarding upcoming products, promotions, events and/or services offered on the Website. We may use your Personal Information to send you newsletters and emails periodically listing current products, promotions, events and/or services, or other items available for purchase on our Website or from our marketing partners or sponsors. However, you have the choice to opt-out of receiving such newsletters and promotional emails for products and/or services offered on the Website by sending an email to us at dataprivacy@koraorganics.com and/or following the instructions in our promotional email. Once we have processed your opt-out request, we will not send you promotional emails with respect to products and/or services offered by us through the Website unless you opt back in to receiving such communications directly.

(e) Reproduction of Content. If you submit Content to KORA, you agree that KORA may use your Personal Information and such Content as permitted under this Privacy Policy, including reproducing the Content on the Website and in KORA's marketing and advertising materials.

(f) Contact Information: If you contact us by telephone, email or letter, we may keep a record of your contact information, correspondence or comments. If you report a problem with the Website, we may collect this information in a file specific to you. In addition, if you provide us feedback through the Website, by email or by calling us, we may ask for your name and email address in order to send you a reply. You may contact us through any of the means provided at the end of this document to request the removal of this information from our database, subject to section 1.2.

**2.2 Disclosure of Personal Information.**

(a) General Rule. Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade or rent your Personal Information collected on the Website to others. KORA may disclose your Personal Information to its related parties. Such related parties may use your Personal Information only to the extent permitted to be used by KORA pursuant to this Privacy Policy.

(b) Service Providers. We may disclose your Personal Information to our third party service providers, including companies we retain to manage or host the Website, companies we retain to fulfil product purchases or to provide services to you on our behalf, and companies we retain as consultants to conduct research on our behalf. These third parties may not use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by us. For example, we will release your credit card number to confirm payment and release your name and mailing address information to the mail or delivery service to deliver and track products that you ordered. With respect to Non Personal Information, we also share website usage information we gather from visitors to the Website who have received a targeted promotional campaign with our third-party advertising service partners for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. For this purpose, we and our third-party service partners may note some of the pages you visit on the Website through the use of web beacons. In addition, we may provide aggregated statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related Website information to third parties. We reserve the right to use or disclose Non Personal Information in any manner.

(c) Links to Other Websites. Our Website may contain links to third party web sites to which we have no affiliation. KORA does not share your Personal Information with those web sites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. KORA suggests you read the privacy policies on those third party web sites.

(d) Enforcement of Law and/or Terms of Use. From time to time, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personal Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personal Information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our products or services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. Moreover, we may use or release account information and Personal Information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or to protect the rights, property and safety of our users, others and ourselves.

(e) Change in Control. We may transfer your Personal Information to a successor in interest to KORA if KORA is acquired by or merged with another organization. In such event, KORA will use reasonable efforts to notify you (either by posting notice on the Website or by email to you at the last known email address) before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy, provided however, in the event KORA fails to notify you, your Personal Information will still be transferred but subject to this Privacy Policy.

3\. SAFEGUARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.

**3.1 Our Security Measures.  **In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfilment are handled by established third-party banking institutions, process agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information they need to verify and authorize your credit card transactions and to ship your order. When collecting credit card information for online purchases, we offer secured server transactions that encrypt your information in transit to prevent someone from intercepting it and misusing it. When you access your account information, the information is kept on a secure server. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access by physical security means. Although KORA uses reasonable efforts to safeguard the security of your Personal Information, transmissions made on or through the Internet are vulnerable to attack and cannot be guaranteed to be secure. In addition, submissions made via email are not protected by SSL technology and are vulnerable to interception during transmission. You hereby acknowledge that KORA is not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the internet, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner.

**3.2 Protecting Yourself**. You are solely responsible for safeguarding and maintaining the secrecy of your User ID, passwords and/or any account information in your possession or control. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. The Website contains links to third parties who may collect information directly from you. Each of the websites linked from the Website have separate privacy policies and data collection practices, independent of KORA, and KORA has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites nor does KORA make any warranties or representations about the contents, products or services offered on such websites or the security of any information you provide to them. You can learn more about Internet privacy from government websites such as [www.privacy.gov.au](http://www.privacy.gov.au/). In addition, it is important to keep us updated with your most current contact information. You may ask us in writing via mail or email at [dataprivacy@koraorganics.com](mailto:dataprivacy@koraorganics.com) to have the information on your account deleted, updated or corrected, subject to Section 1.2; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. Note that we may retain changed or deleted information for archival or other purposes.

4\. GENERAL

**4.1 Changes To Our Policy**. This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to any Personal Information collected on or after the effective date set forth below. KORA reserves the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any changes, we will update the Website and Privacy Policy to include such change and notice thereof. Please review this Privacy Policy often to review any changes that may affect your use of the Website. Your continued use of the Website once the revised Privacy Policy has been posted on the Website affirms your agreement to such changes.

**4.3 Contact Us.**  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our Website, or your dealings with our Website, please contact us by sending a letter or email to: [dataprivacy@koraorganics.com](mailto:dataprivacy@koraorganics.com).

**EU Residents and Citizens**

**What are your additional rights?**

You have the right to request information about the personal data we hold on you. If your data is incorrect, incomplete or irrelevant, you can ask to have the information corrected or removed. Annually, you have the right to request written documentation on the personal information we have about you in our account files. To request this document please write to [dataprivacy@koraorganics.com](mailto:dataprivacy@koraorganics.com).  You can withdraw your consent to us using the data for marketing purposes (i.e. sending Newsletters or offers to your e-mail address) at any time. Please cancel further Newsletters via the opt-out link which is presented at the bottom of each Newsletter message.
