> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the koreanmall.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606154031id_/http%3A//www.koreanmall.com/app/company/policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Koreanmall | 코리안몰

| 

Yarntree co., Ltd. (“we”, “us”, “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy.  
This Privacy Policy provides information on how we collect and use personal data. By visiting our Website,   
you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

  * **1\. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT, AND HOW?** When you interact with us, whether by using our Website or communicating with us, we may collect the following information about you:  

    * • information you give us: you may give us information about yourself if you sign up for an account on our Website, place an order for products, complete any online forms (such as registration forms, competitions, and surveys), opt in to receive our newsletters and special offers, enter a competition or promotion, participate in social media functions with our Website, or correspond with us (by email, instant chat, social media or otherwise). This information may include your name, address or location, phone number and email address, date of birth, gender, purchase information, images and financial information (including your credit or debit card details), amongst other information. You need to register an account on the Website if you wish to purchase products from the Website. From your account, you can also invite your friends to shop at our Website (including by email, Facebook, or Twitter). Please ensure that you have the permission of your friends before sharing their contact details with us and only forward emails to people you know would be happy to receive them.
    * • information we receive from other accounts or sources: we may receive information about you from your other accounts or other websites, including social media providers like Facebook and Twitter, advertising networks and analytics partners, and payment and delivery service providers, amongst others. By linking your account on our Website to your Facebook or Gmail accounts, you are giving us permission to obtain certain information and content from these accounts. The specific types of information that we may obtain depends on your settings for that account or website, and will be subject to their privacy policies.
    * • information our IT systems collect about you: each time you visit the Website, certain information will be created and automatically recorded by our IT systems. That information includes: \- cookies: we’ve set out more details about cookies below, but these small text files can help improve your experience with the Website and make it easier to interact with us. This may include storing your location or language preferences to save you having to re-enter information when returning to, or ensuring that items you wish to order don’t disappear as you navigate between pages on, our Website; \- device information: the information provided by your device will differ depending on which type of device you are using (whether it’s a PC, Mac, iPhone, Android, or otherwise) and the settings on that device, but includes the type of device you have (such as an iPhone 6S or Samsung Galaxy S7), the device’s IP address, the browser you are using, your mobile network provider (for mobile devices), the pages you have visited, your time zone and country location, and crash or download error reports.
  * **2\. WHAT DO YOU USE MY INFORMATION FOR?** To make our Website work, including to allow you to order and receive products from our Website, administer your account and to optimise your experience we need to use the information that we collect in a number of different ways. The key purposes for which we use your information are as follows: 
    * • to provide you with the products you have ordered: to order products, you need to register an account on our Website (which you may personalise). Your information (including name, address, phone number, email address, and financial information (such as debit or credit card details) will be used so you can submit, and we can process and fulfil, that order. We may also use your information to communicate with you about your orders and account and provide you with customer support when needed.
    * • to administer, maintain, and optimise our Website, our services and your experience: we want you to have the best experience possible when you interact with us, including using our Website, products and services. To do this, we use your information (including log data, statistical information, and device information) to ensure that the Website and its features and any Wi-Fi networks are functioning correctly, to adapt and customise our Website to better suit your preferences, and to provide pages specific to your language or location
    * • to provide you with customer services: if you contact our customer services team or provide us with feedback for any reason, whether by email, chat, or otherwise, we will use your information (including your name, phone number, and email address) to help us categorise the communication, respond to you, and where appropriate, investigate, and resolve any issue or incident that you may have. We may also use your phone number or email address to let you know the status of, or if there are any problems with, your order;
    * • to update you on our latest offers, products, and news; unless you tell us otherwise, we will use your personal information (including your name and email address) to occasionally send you updates, news, and offers via email. 
    * • to carry out research, analysis, and surveys on your use of our Website and views: where you have opted in to receiving communications from us, we may use your personal details (including your name, address, email address, and phone number) to send you polls and surveys to find out your views of our Website and services. We may also carry out analysis of, and research into, the ways that you use our Website so we can optimise the Website and your experience. We may use third parties to carry out any research, analysis, and surveys, or to deliver incentives in return for your participation in polls, as further set out below; and
    * • for your, and our, financial security: for everyone’s safety, we need to ensure that our customers are genuine. To do this, we may use your personal information (including your name, address, and financial information (such as credit or debit card details) to confirm your identity and perform credit check or anti-fraud checks. Please note that we do not sell your information without your consent (whether your name, address, emails address, financial information, or otherwise) to any third party.
  * **3\. WHO DO YOU SHARE MY INFORMATION WITH?**

To provide the Website and our services, we work with a number of carefully selected third parties, such as delivery and payment partners. We may share your personal information with our partners in order to operate our business and provide the Website and services. Please note that we do not share your information with any third party advertisers or networks for the provision of third party advertising on our Website.

  * **4\. COOKIES**

We use technology such as "cookies" to collect information and store your online preferences. Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which allows the server to uniquely identify the browser on each page. If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the help and support area on your Internet browser for instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. Please note that opting out does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the company or companies from which you opted out will no longer deliver adverts tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns, so you may see a greater number of adverts that are irrelevant to you and your preferences.

  * **5\. SECURITY**

Keeping you and your personal information secure is very important to us. We take a number of reasonable steps to  
try to protect the personal information that you provide, including: 

    * • using a Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) to encrypt the personal data that you send us during the order process (including any financial information such as credit or debit card details);
    * • requiring you to establish a password to access your account on our Website;
    * • not keeping details of your credit or debit card that would enable any third party to transact using that credit or debit card (such as your CCV number); and
    * • regularly monitoring our servers and IT systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. Unfortunately, despite this, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of your personal data transmitted to or through our Website, and any such transmission is at your own risk. In particular, please keep in mind that if you voluntarily disclose personal information online in a non-protected environment (such as a message board, shopping list, or in chat areas) then that information can be collected and used by others outside of our or your control.
    * **CONTACT US & ACCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION**

All of the information that we collect, or that you provide to us, is controlled by Yarntree co., Ltd. (as appropriate) for the purpose of the Personal Information Protection Act and other applicable local laws. You have various rights under the Personal Information Protection Act and other applicable local laws, including the right to see all of the personal information we hold about you, to require that we correct any inaccuracies in your personal information, or to object to certain information being stored or used (including to ask us to stop sending your marketing communications). If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy.

Please contact us:
    • using the contact form;
    • by emailing us at [cs@koreanmall.com](mailto:cs@koreanmall.com)



| 
