> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the illpumpyouup.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171211102012id_/http%3A//illpumpyouup.com/support-center/privacy-and-security.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy & Security – IllPumpYouUp.com

## Privacy

At IllPumpYouUp.com we protect your privacy as if it were our own. We will never give, sell, or rent your personal information or specific account activity to anyone for any reason except as required by law. We do use an outside shipping services to ship orders (USPS and UPS), and our credit card processing company to bill users for their order. These companies may receive personally identifiable information to help us process your order. These companies will not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.

### What Information Does IllPumpYouUp.com Collect?

We receive and store any information you enter on our site or give us in any other way, such as via telephone, electronic mail, online or otherwise. For example, this information may be collected when you place an order or when you contact us for customer support. Here are the types of information we gather:

  * **Contact Information** : This information may include your full name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and, where provided, your facsimile number. Such contact information may be used, for example, to communicate with you when necessary with respect to transactions. Additionally, we may collect contact information provided to us during any correspondence relating to customer support, as well as in connection with products and services offered on the Site.
  * **Financial Information** : We also collect and retain certain financial information from you during the order registration process, as well as in connection with other products and services which we offer on the Site. For example, when you order any product or service through IllPumpYouUp.com, we require you to provide a credit card number and billing address before we will process that application. We will not sell, share or rent any financial information collected from you except as disclosed in this policy or as necessary to fulfill your order.
  * **Demographic Information** : We may collect and store anonymous demographic information (such as your zip code, gender and age), and use this data to tailor your experience at our Site, provide content that we think you might be interested in, perform general improvements to the Site, and display the content according to your preferences. Such demographic information may be shared with partners, market researchers and other third parties on an aggregate, non-personally identifiable basis. No personally identifiable information will be linked to such aggregated demographic information that is shared with third parties.
  * **Other Information** : We collect and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, our servers track the type of Web browser you are using, and the page to which you link from IllPumpYouUp.com. Additionally, we log IP addresses (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet) in order to improve security, analyze trends and administer the Site. We may track your movement within the Site, the third-party website pages from which you were referred, access times and browser types. We use this information to gauge the effectiveness of our Site, track information for statistical purposes and to improve the products and services we provide. We collect this information to better develop a sense of what services our customers need and identify areas of improvement to the Site. We may use such information for marketing purposes, and to send information to you which we believe might be of interest. In addition, such information may be shared with partners, market researchers and other third parties on an aggregate, non-personally identifiable basis. No personally identifiable information will be linked to such aggregated information shared with third parties.We may supplement the information you provide us by acquiring publicly or commercially available information from as available in the public domain or from third parties, for instance, to verify your address or to update your information and to create a profile of your preferences. We tie your personally identifiable information to information in the profile, in order to improve the content of the Site for you or to inform you about products or services that we think will be of interest to you. In addition, we may obtain non-sensitive contact information from third parties, including via bulk access licenses from other registrars. From time to time, we may also ask you to participate in surveys or other communications conducted by us or third parties designed to help us improve the Site, or the products or services we provide.
  * **Cookies** : The IllPumpYouUp.com Site uses “cookie” technology for such purposes as enhancing your online experience by making it easier for you to navigate through the Site and making certain features work better. Cookies are text files which are commonly deposited by web sites on a user’s hard drive when the user visits a web site. The file identifies a user’s computer and can record the user’s preferences and other data about the user’s site visit. We do not extract information about individual users during this process. Your web browser may enable you to disable cookies, but please note that certain services may not function correctly without it.Third Party Cookies: We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Site. Our third-party advertising companies may also separately place or recognize a cookie file on your browser in the course of delivering advertisements to this Site. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. However, no personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, email address or telephone number) will be connected with such information.
  * **Web Beacons** : Web pages may contain electronic images (called a “single-pixel GIF” or “web beacon”) that allow a Web site to track the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. No personally identifiable information will be transmitted via web beacons.



### How Personal Information Is Used

  * **Our Use** : We receive and store any personal information you enter on the Site or give to us voluntarily in any other way and may use it to contact you from time to time. Specifically, by registering on the Site and providing your telephone number, you agree that this action constitutes a purchase, inquiry and/or application for purposes of telemarketing laws. Regardless of the fact that your telephone and/or cell number may be listed with the Federal Do-Not-Call Registry, or your local State Do-Not-Call list, you expressly consent to receive future information about products and services from us, and in that regard, you hereby consent to our contacting you pursuant to the business relationship established using the information you provided to us. This means we may contact you by e-mail, phone and/or cell number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, social networks or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving (e.g. video, etc.). We may also send you information or offers from time to time to the postal address or email address we have on file. If you provide your name for a promotional offer, to enter a sweepstakes or contest, and win a prize, we will post a winner’s list online, and will file your name with state agencies if required by law.
  * **Third Parties** : From time to time we may share personally identifiable information with third parties in order to have them send you special offers and promotions or other information we think you might find of interest. We ourselves will also occasionally send you information on products, services, special deals, promotions, or information which we have found that may be of interest to our users and subscribers. If you do not want us to use the information you provide in order to inform you of products and services we think might interest you, or provide your information to third party companies, it is your obligation to please let us know by contacting  [customer support](https://web.archive.org/contact.htm).
  * **Agents and Service Providers** : We engage other companies, individuals, subsidiaries and affiliates of IllPumpYouUp.com  to perform certain functions and/or services to our customers. Examples may include processing credit card payments, providing marketing assistance and removing repetitive information from customer lists, as well as offering electronic mail services and making available digital certificates. Your contact and financial information may either be collected by or shared with such third parties as necessary, and in some cases, your information may be retained or used by such third parties. We contract with service providers to provide us with a data collection and reporting services. When you visit our Site, those service providers may on our behalf collect information about you in order provide us with aggregated data about our customers to assist us in conducting our business and delivering the most relevant products and services to our customers. If you would like to opt-out of the gathering of such information, you can disable your cookies that assist in the gathering of that data, but please note that certain services and functions of our Site may not function correctly without cookies.
  * **Service Related Uses** : We may use your personal information to contact you about the goods or services you have purchased from us, or for other purposes in which you have expressed an interest, for example, if you have contacted customer service or made an inquiry. We will provide you with service and account related announcements on occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if the delivery of a service or product is delayed we might send you an email, or other message, or if there is some service issue with something you might have ordered. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to cancel your service.
  * **Partner Web Sites and Pages** : IllPumpYouUp.com sometimes enters into agreements in which we jointly develop or operate Web sites with third parties (“Partner Site”). Any information collected via a Partner Site may be jointly owned by  IllPumpYouUp.com and the applicable third party partner, or, alternatively, owned solely by us or the third party partner. It is your responsibility to check the privacy policy of such third parties before submitting any personal information to a Partner Site.
  * **Business Transfers** : As IllPumpYouUp.com continues to develop its business, it might sell or transfer all or some of its business or assets, or create a separate business and customer information generally would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company or be shared or transferred in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, or pledging of assets. Also information about our users, including customer information may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction seeking financing, investment, support or funding.
  * **Protection of  IllPumpYouUp.com and Others**: We may release account and other personal information when we are required to do so by law, court order or other government or law enforcement authority or regulatory agency, including ICANN; to enforce or apply our Services Agreement or other agreements; or when we believe in good faith that disclosing this information is necessary or advisable, including, for example, to protect the rights, property, or safety of IllPumpYouUp.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
  * I'LLPUMPYOUUP.COM ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY WITH REGARD TO ANY THEFT, LOSS, ALTERATION OR MISUSE OF PERSONAL OR OTHER INFORMATION LAWFULLY PROVIDED BY I'LLPUMPYOUUP.COM TO THIRD PARTIES, OR WITH REGARD TO THE FAILURE OF ANY THIRD PARTY TO ABIDE BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR SUCH THIRD PARTY’S PRIVACY POLICY OR ANY AGREEMENT BETWEEN THAT THIRD PARTY AND I'LLPUMPYOUUP.COM
  * **Electronic Mail** : From time to time, IllPumpYouUp.com may use your personal information to contact you by electronic mail concerning our services. These communications are intended to inform you of important information regarding your account, or about general products or services provided by IllPumpYouUp.com. If you do not want to receive email from us regarding new services, please click the “unsubscribe” link which is included at the bottom of any email you receive from IllPumpYouUp.com. However, in order to fulfill our service obligations to you, we will continue to send you emails regarding your account administration, as well as any necessary information, such as renewal instructions. By providing us with your email address you consent to receiving communications from us electronically and all notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
  * **Sites Other Than  [www.IllPumpYouUp.com](https://web.archive.org/)**: IllPumpYouUp.com has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or information gathering practices of other Web sites, including those to which we may link and those which may link to us. In addition,  owns and operates other Web sites separately from the Site, and this Privacy Policy applies only to the information collected by the Site (i.e., [www.IllPumpYouUp.com](https://web.archive.org/)). We strongly recommend that you review the privacy policies of every online service you use before submitting any personal information and direct any concerns to the site administrator of that site.



### Choice And Opt Out

You may opt-out of marketing communications from us by contacting [customer support](https://web.archive.org/contact.htm) or opting out from the opt-out link in any marketing email we send to you.

## Procedures Used To Protect Personal Information

### Security

One of our most important goals at IllPumpYouup.com is to make shopping with us a 100% secure. In all of the years we have been in business with tens of thousands of online orders, we have never had a security problem. No stolen credit cards or leaked transactions... nothing. 

**Shopping Cart Security:** We employ powerful 128-bit encryption technology and Secure Socket Layers (SSL) in all areas where your personal identity is required. The information is encrypted on your computer, sent through the Internet as encrypted code, and decoded on IllPumpYouUp.com's secure server. You will notice the LOCK or KEY in your browser, indicating that the transaction is being done over a secure server

Our SSL certification is with the world's second largest Certificate Authority, GoDaddy provides the highest assurance of trust to all its customers. GoDaddy maintains compliance with WebTrust, a comprehensive third-party auditing process which signifies that GoDaddy meets the highest standards for issuing and managing digital certificates. GoDaddy also leverages the best possible physical infrastructure and network security to maintain customer accounts and certificate data. Their state of the art hosting facilities are fully redundant with network operations centers that meet stringent WebTrust standards for physical and network access control.

When you place an online order, our secure order form requests contact, billing, and financial information such as name, email address, credit card number and billing address. Your contact information in needed just in case we need to get in touch with you should we have questions regarding your order or should we need to notify you of the status of your order. And yes, you can opt not to get email from us, just uncheck the opt in check box on the 'Customer Information' page. The credit card information we collect is used ONLY to bill you for products you purchase. 

Your credit card is NOT left on the server for a long period of time. Within hours your credit card information is downloaded through a secure connection to our secure corporate computers and then deleted off the web site servers. This is also true of all of your personal information. 

**Our Server Security:** Our server engineers take security very seriously. At all times we keep the server up to date with the latest security patches and software. We subscribe to many services that automatically notify us if there are ANY security problems, no matter how small. 

You can click the Hacker Safe seal below to get our security information from ScanAlert, a 3rd party security testing service: 

[](https://www.scanalert.com/RatingVerify?ref=www.illpumpyouup.com)

Notice the "last tested" date!

### Trust

Did you know that we have an **A+ rating** (highest rating you can have) with the **Better Business Bureau**? Yep, that's right, you can trust us and count on us to provide top notch customer service!

[](http://www.bbb.org/west-florida/business-reviews/vitamin-supplement-suppliers/illpumpyouupcom-in-clearwater-fl-90022652#sealclick "Click for the Business Review of illpumpyouup.com, a Vitamins & Food Supplements in Clearwater FL")

## Changes To This Agreement

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace this Privacy & Security Disclosure by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy & Security Disclosure.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Disclosure, please contact us filling this [**contact form**](https://web.archive.org/contact.htm)
