> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jkbose.co.in privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171204033408id_/http%3A//www.jkbose.co.in/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# JKBOSE - Official website of J&K Board of School Education India

The JKBOSE recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy and security of your personal information. We provide this Privacy Statement to help you understand what we may do with any personal information that we obtain from you. By providing your personal information to us, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement, and agree that we may collect, use, and disclose your personal information as described herein. If you do not agree to this statement, please do not provide your personal information to us via this web site.

## Information You Provide to Us

To communicate effectively with visitors to our web site, we may ask you for personally-identifiable information that can include, by way of illustration, your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, or graduation date. It is your choice to provide us with this personal information; we will only collect personal information that you provide. The JKBOSE will never sell or trade personally-identifiable information you provide to us through this web site to other colleges, universities, organizations, or businesses unless we have your consent to share the information, or we are sharing such information in response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process.

#### Continuing Education Registration

If you use our web site to register for Adult or Continuing Education classes (including those offered through Schools of Public Engagement, Parsons School of Design, Parsons Summer Programs, and the Mannes College The JKBOSE for Music Extension Program), we require that you provide us with certain personally-identifiable information including your name, address, telephone number, email address, Student ID number, date of birth, and credit card number. To meet Internal Revenue Service requirements we also ask, but do not require, that you provide your Social Security number. This information is necessary to process your application and to contact you. When you submit this information via the registration form, it is encrypted using Secure Socket Layer/Transport Layer Security (SSL/TLS) encryption when transmitting it to our web site.

## Information Gathered Automatically

When you visit our site, some information such as your Internet network address, Internet service provider, operating system, web browser version, site from which you arrived, and the time and date of your visit may be collected automatically as part of normal site operation. This information is not personally identifiable, and we do not link this information to any personally identifiable information you submit while using our site. This information is used solely to track web browsing patterns to better understand how our site is being used, and when necessary, to troubleshoot problems with the site.

#### Cookies

A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer for record-keeping purposes. Session cookies expire and are removed from your hard drive when you close your web browser. Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive for extended periods of time. We use both session and persistent cookies on this site. The use of cookies helps us to assist your use of certain aspects of the site, and also helps us evaluate usage patterns so that we can improve site content and organization. We do not link the information we store in persistent cookies to any personally-identifiable information you submit while using our site.  
You can delete persistent cookies by following the directions provided with your web browser. You may also set your web browser to reject cookies from our site. If you choose to do this, you may still use our site, but you may not be able to access the full functionality of some sections of the site. You can obtain more information about how to manage cookies from [www.aboutcookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/).

#### Clear Gifs

We employ a software technology called “clear gifs” (also called “web beacons” or “web bugs”) to help us better manage content on our site by informing us about which content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web site visitors. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not link the information gathered by clear gifs to any personally-identifiable information you submit while using our site.  
We also use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If you would like to opt-out of these emails, follow the directions at the bottom of the email message.

#### Google Analytics

Some sections of our web site use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how people use our sites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the web site includes your Internet network address. This information will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the web site, compiling reports on web site activity for our web site administrators, and providing other services relating to web site activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your network address with any other data held by Google. To disable Google Analytics’ tracking of your usage of our site, you may disable cookies in your browser; however please note that by doing so you may not be able to use the full functionality of this web site. By using this web site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. To learn more, visit the [Google Analytics Privacy Overview](http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html) and [Google’s privacy policy](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/).
