> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iweb.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-03-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20000309113458id_/http%3A//www.iweb.com/surfers/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# iWeb Privacy Statement

iWeb Ltd. is a member of the TRUSTe program. TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit initiative whose mission is to build users' trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting TRUSTe's principles of fair information practices. 

iWeb Ltd. respects your privacy and will never compromise it. We do not sell, rent or give out any identifiable personal information regarding our users to any third parties. Any information you give us is treated with the utmost care and security. 

You will never receive any unwanted email (spam) or postal mail as a result of information you have given us. Occasionally, we may ask you for your email address, in order to send you information about iWeb Ltd. and its services. Users may unsubscribe from our mailing list by sending an email to [support@iweb.com](mailto:support@iweb.com). 

We may also ask you for demographic information such as age or income level. Such data is used to tailor our services and information to your interests and preferences. This information may be shared with advertisers, but only on an aggregate basis with no identifying personal details. Users may correct or modify information previously provided by sending an email to [support@iweb.com](mailto:support@iweb.com). 

We use cookies and IP addresses to deliver content appropriate to your interests and according to your preferences as well as to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. As our site and iNotes™ contain links to other sites, please note that iWeb Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. 

iWeb Ltd. may use outside ad companies to display ads in our iNotes™ messages. We may share demographic information with such organizations, but only on an aggregate basis. These ads may contain cookies. We are not responsible for information collected by the ISP or the content of iNotes™ generated by the ISP. We encourage you to take a look at the relevant ISP's privacy statement. 

iWeb takes seriously the issue of safeguarding your privacy online. We exercise great care to secure your personal identifiable information. Internally, we restrict access to personally identifiable information to employees who need access to the information in order to do their jobs. These employees are very limited in number, and are committed to our privacy and security policies. Any employee who violates our privacy and/or security policies is subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination and civil and/or criminal prosecution. 

If you have any questions about this statement or about iWeb Ltd., please direct them to [support@iweb.com](mailto:support@iweb.com). 

_Kobi Samboursky, Chairman & President, iWeb Ltd._
