> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lendingtree.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-11-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20011125215355id_/http%3A//www.lendingtree.com/stm/aboutlt/privacy/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LendingTree -- Privacy Policy

TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit initiative whose mission is to build users' trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting TRUSTe's principles of fair information practices. Because this site wants to demonstrate its commitment to respecting your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe. When you visit a Web site displaying the TRUSTe mark, you can expect to find the following information: 

  1. What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identifiable information is collected from you through the Web site.
  2. The organization collecting the information.
  3. How the information is used.
  4. With whom the information may be shared.
  5. What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.
  6. The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under LendingTree's control.
  7. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.



If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact the LendingTree site coordinator at our [Customer Care Department](https://web.archive.org/stm/contactus/contactus-borrowercontact.asp). If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe at <http://www.truste.org/users/users_watchdog.html>. TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns. 

At LendingTree Inc., your personal privacy and the security of your personal data are a primary concern of ours. LendingTree believes that you should be aware of who we are, the types of information we may collect on our Web site, and what we do with your personal information. Our overall privacy policy is simple. Under no circumstances will LendingTree sell or share any personal information about you to or with any person or organization except as authorized by you, to our authorized agents, the lenders in our network, or as may be required by law or court order. 

**Information we collect.** When you come to the LendingTree site, you complete a simple qualification form that includes certain personal and financial information about you including your name, phone number, Social Security number, e-mail address, income and other financial information depending on your expressed loan preference. Some of the information you supply on the qualification form may be optional. If you supply this information, it will not be shared or sold to any person or organization except as authorized by you, to our authorized agents, the lenders in our network, or as may be required by law or court order. 

If you use the "Tell a Friend" feature on our home page, the names and e-mail addresses you supply will not be stored, sold or shared with any person or organization. The e-mail sent to the recipient is an automatic, one-time e-mail. 

If you fill out the "Contact Us" and/or the "Customer Satisfaction Survey" forms, your name and other identifying information will not be sold or shared with any person or organization. Your e-mail address or telephone number may be used by authorized LendingTree employees to contact you concerning your comments, questions or complaints. 

The "Lenders" section of our Web site contains information for lenders who wish to join The LendingTree Network or license our Lend-XSM technology. If you are a lender and you submit one or both of the forms requesting more information, your name and other identifying information will not be sold or shared with any person or organization. Your e-mail address or telephone number may be used by authorized LendingTree employees to contact you concerning your request. 

The "Affiliates" section of our site contains information for affiliates who wish to join the LendingTree Branch Network and advertise LendingTree's service on their site. If you would like to be an affiliate, you may submit an application containing personal information such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number and address. This information will be shared with BeFree, our affiliate software provider. BeFree provides the software that enables LendingTree to develop and manage our Branch Network. LendingTree and BeFree do not sell or share your information with any other person or organization. You will receive an e-mail from LendingTree indicating if you have been approved to participate in the Branch Network. If approved, we will use your e-mail address to inform you of Branch Network news and updates. You may withdraw your membership from the Branch Network at any time by sending an e-mail to [affiliates@lendingtree.com](mailto:affiliates@lendingtree.com). If you choose to withdraw, you will not receive any further e-mails regarding the Branch Network. 

If you use LendingTree's service through an affiliate site, under no circumstances will an affiliate ever see your information. LendingTree will never sell or share your information with an affiliate. All transactions take place on LendingTree's servers. Please see our [security](https://web.archive.org/stm/aboutlt/privacy/security.asp) page for more information on how we protect the integrity of your data. 

**Who we are.** LendingTree is an online marketplace that brings you, the borrower, together with up to four lenders in our network that bid for your business. LendingTree is a computerized loan originator and is licensed or exempt as a mortgage and/or loan broker in most states. See our [State Licenses](https://web.archive.org/stm/aboutlt/privacy/licenses.asp) section for additional information. 

**How your information is used.** When you fill out a qualification form, including your name, phone number, Social Security number, e-mail address, income and other financial information depending on your expressed loan preference, we use this information to match you with up to four lenders in our network. We may also send your information to other third parties you specifically authorize. 

**Limited distribution of personal information.** At your direction (when you click on the "Submit" button), the information that you provide to us on the qualification form will be sent through the LendingTree system and presented to our authorized agents, other third parties you specifically authorize and up to four lenders in our network who offer the types of loan products you have identified. After our authorized agents or up to four lenders in our network receive your information, they may contact you directly via phone, e-mail or other communications. All of our lenders operate under federal and/or state laws and regulations and believe, as we do, that the Internet is an exciting and secure place to do business. If you are matched with any lenders on our network, the lender with which you choose to close your loan and/or obtain your credit card will report certain information about your loan and/or credit card to LendingTree, and LendingTree will treat that information in the manner it treats the information you provided on your Q-Form. As our lenders may keep and use your information whether or not you qualify for a loan with them, we recommend that you contact them directly for more information about their specific privacy policies. 

**Collection, use and distribution.** LendingTree may notify you about a special offer from one of our promotional partners. We do not reveal your name, address or any other identifying information to that promotional partner unless you affirmatively respond to the promotional offer. At your request, LendingTree will not send you any information or offers unrelated to your request for financing. If you do not wish to receive any of these offers, please visit our [subscription area](https://web.archive.org/subscriptions) where you can remove yourself from our mailing list. 

LendingTree may also share certain aggregated data with our lenders and other third parties for general marketing and demographic purposes; however, this data DOES NOT include any of your personal identifying information. 

**Security.** This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please visit our [Security](https://web.archive.org/stm/aboutlt/privacy/security.asp) page for a detailed explanation. 

**Changing your information.** You can review and change personal information in an active qualification form that you completed through LendingTree by contacting our [Customer Care Department](https://web.archive.org/stm/contactus/contactus-borrowercontact.asp). If you want to change the type of loan or make other significant changes to your qualification form, you might need to make another request through our website. If you wish to change your subscriptions to LendingTree emails, you can visit our [subscription](https://web.archive.org/subscriptions) page.

**Deleting your information.** Federal and state regulations require that we store completed loan requests for various periods of time. In order to comply with these regulations, we cannot delete information from our databases, even for qualification forms that are withdrawn. We store all of the information you might provide securely. You can visit our [Security](https://web.archive.org/stm/aboutlt/privacy/security.asp) section to learn more about how we do this. 

If you have any questions about our privacy policy or about submitting a qualification form online, please contact our [Customer Care Department](https://web.archive.org/stm/contactus/contactus-borrowercontact.asp). 

Any changes to our privacy promise will be communicated through the LendingTree.com Web site at least 30 days in advance of implementation. Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the privacy policy in effect prior to the change. 

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact the LendingTree site coordinator at our [Customer Care Department](https://web.archive.org/stm/contactus/contactus-borrowercontact.asp). If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe at <http://www.truste.org/users/users_watchdog.html>. TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns. 
