> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lenox.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20011211175010id_/http%3A//lenox.com/misc/legal_online_privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Lenox - Legal Online Privacy Policy

Lenox, Incorporated, and its subsidiary Dansk International Designs, Ltd., are committed to protecting your privacy. Our sites may use a Session ID Cookie, which allows you to browse the various Lenox and Dansk websites at your leisure. The cookie expires when you exit the Lenox and Dansk websites. Therefore, unless you purchase some of our Lenox Collections products or leave your name and contact information on any of our registration forms, you can browse and exit the Lenox and Dansk web sites without leaving any information that would identify you.

We are able to use the information obtained from the cookie to your advantage, however, because it allows us to collect information about you and provide you with a more personalized shopping experience the next time you visit the site. A cookie is a text file saved to your computer's hard drive. The text file contains small pieces of data sent by a web server and stored on your computer when you visit certain web sites. Your browser can 'read' this information when you visit the site again. A cookie cannot access your computer files or hard drive. In addition, we can monitor overall customer flow and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of our websites to best serve our visitors. We use this information only for internal use and do not share it with anyone else.

While you are at the Lenox or Dansk websites, you will see forms that allow you to leave your name and contact information and/or offer us feedback on our websites or products. If you choose to do so, we may send you information about Lenox or Dansk products, promotional materials or events, contest information, and the like. In addition, we occasionally may offer our mailing lists (either regular or e-mail lists) to companies that have products or services that we believe will be of value to our customers. If you do not want us to contact you either by regular mail or e-mail or if you do not want your contact information given to other companies, you should mark the appropriate box or boxes on the registration form; your name and contact information will then not be used or provided to other companies.

Even if you have told us previously that you want to be on our address and e-mail lists, you can change your mind. You will always have the option of letting us know that you do not want to hear from us in the future by contacting us using one of several methods available to you and asking us to remove your name from our lists.

By using the websites of Lenox and Dansk, you consent to the collection and use of the information obtained by Lenox and Dansk and to the terms of this Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use these websites. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Neither Lenox nor Dansk is responsible for the content or privacy practices of the websites to which the Lenox or Dansk websites may link.

Even if you have told us previously that you want to be on our address and e-mail lists and then change your mind, you always have the option of requesting that we remove your name from our lists by sending an email to our Lenox.com webmaster at [Webmaster_Lenox@Lenox.com](mailto:webmaster_lenox@lenox.com). Please title the email "Removal from email list" and include your email address, your full name, and a daytime phone number that we contact you at in case we have problems locating your email list entry. Don't have time to send an email? You can also use our [custom form](https://web.archive.org/web/20011211175010id_/http%3A//lenox.com/misc/legal_rescind.cfm) to notify our Webmaster to remove your name from future mailings.

Lenox and Dansk welcome your questions and comments about privacy. Please send e-mail to our Legal Department at [Legal_Lenox@Lenox.com](mailto:legal_lenox@b-f.com).
