> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lenskart.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191229190953id_/https%3A//www.lenskart.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

  1. SECURITY AND PRIVACY
Dealskart Online Services, a private limited company duly incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 (hereinafter referred to as **‘Company’** ), Company knows that You (a visitor or a registered user) care how information about You is used and shared, and we appreciate Your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. We let You retain as much control as possible over Your personal information. However, You may not visit and use our site at any time without telling us who You are or revealing the required information about Yourself. To the Company, our most important asset is our relationship with You. We are committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of any personal information about our users of our site. We are proud of our privacy practices and the strength of our site security and want you to know how we protect Your information and use it to provide to You the services. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting this Website, You are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. You further agree and consent to our collection, use, processing, disclosure and transfer of your personal data according to the provisions of this Privacy Policy 
    1. _Information You Give Us_ : We receive any information You enter on our Website or give us in any other way, which is stored on the Company’s secure servers. To clarify, personal information means and includes name, email, website user account log in ID and password, mobile and landline phone numbers, gender, DOB, address, gift message and eye prescription, but excludes any Credit Card, Debit Card or Net-Banking Details, all of which are stored on the Company’s secure servers and/or in cookies on your computer. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then You might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that You provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future commercial transactions, and communicating with You and utilising/disclosing, without prejudice to any of Your other rights, the same for any other, whether commercial or non-commercial purpose which the Company in its sole discretion considers necessary for its business purposes or otherwise. You can review, add or update certain information by writing to us at support@lenskart.com. When You update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
    2. _Automatic Information_ : We receive and store certain types of information whenever You interact with us. Our server logs Your activities for various diagnostic and analytical purposes. However, other than the IP address of Your machine from where You are accessing the Service, there are no other personal information maintained by the Company in the logs.
    3. _Retention of Information_ : We will retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
    4. _E-mail Communications_ : To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we may request to receive a confirmation when You open e-mail from Your end if Your computer supports such capabilities.
    5. _Sharing of Information Received by the Company_ : For the purposes of providing you with our services, we may share your information with third parties such as affiliates of the company, service providers etc. When we disclose your personal data to such third parties. we make appropriate arrangements as required under applicable law to restrict further disclosure. When we transfer your personal data to such third parties, we enter into appropriate contractual arrangements to ensure that they maintain similar levels of data protection as we would. You may be notified when another business is involved along with us in processing Your transactions, and we share, use or, disclose customer information related to processing of those transactions with that business as needed to fulfill your order. Your personal data may be transferred, stored and processed outside India. By using our services, you consent to such storage and processing.
    6. _Business Transfers_ : As we continue to develop our business, we might be acquired completely or merge with any other company. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. In such a case, we will ensure the protection of Your information as per these policies and guidelines. You hereby specifically consent and grant permission to the disclosure, and transferring, of information to such third parties.
    7. _Protection of the Company and Others_ : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and other similar matters. You hereby specifically consent and grant permission to disclosure and transferring of information to such third parties, as maybe required.
  2. SECURITY OF INFORMATION
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software during the part where you enter your credit card or net banking details, which encrypts information You input. We constantly re-evaluate our privacy and security policies and adapt them as necessary to deal with new challenges. We do not and will not sell or rent Your personal information to anyone, for any reason, at any time, unless it is in (i) in response to a valid legal request by a law enforcement officer or government agency or (ii) where You have given Your consent, or (iii) utilize the same for some statistical or other representation without disclosing personal data. The information collected from You will be stored on the Company’s secured server and systems. The Company maintains secure and reasonable security practices and procedures which are proprietary and unique to the Company (“ **Security Practice** ”). Such Security Practice involves measures such as but not limited to password protection, limitation of access to specified personnel on a need to know basis, and security measures including encryption if required and other physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to the server and systems and information residing on such server and systems. The Company’s Security Practice protects against unauthorized access to, or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of the information. The Company’s Security Practice contains managerial, technical, operational and physical security control measures which are commensurate with the information assets being protected and with the nature of business. You acknowledge and agree that the Security Practice and procedures as mentioned above are reasonable and are designed to protect the information provided by You. We only reveal those numbers of Your account as required to enable us to access and provide You the required services relating to Your accounts. We make every effort to allow You to retain the anonymity of Your personal identity and You are free to choose a Login ID email address and password that keeps Your personal identity anonymous. Access to Your Registration Information and Your personal financial data is strictly restricted to those of our Company employees and contractors, strictly on a need to know basis, in order to operate, develop or improve the Service. These employees or contractors may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. With the exception of a Login ID in the form of an email address, which may be provided on an anonymous basis, and Your Third Party Account Information, which is required for providing the services, the Company does not require any information from You that might constitute personally identifiable information. It is important for You to protect against unauthorized access to Your password and to Your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. As described in this Agreement and with Your consent, the Company will from time to time connect electronically to Your online bank, credit card and other online financial accounts to process Your Order. Company will also use other third parties like courier companies to deliver products that you order on our website, to your delivery address. 
  3. CONDITIONS OF USE, NOTICES, AND REVISIONS
Please do read the detailed terms and conditions of the Company’s Website situated at [https://www.lenskart.com/terms-conditions](https://www.lenskart.com/terms-conditions.). If You choose to visit this Website, Your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Agreement, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the Republic of India. If You have any concern about privacy at this Website, please send us a thorough description to support@lenskart.com and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly. This Notice and the Terms and Conditions of Website Use may also change, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless You have instructed us not to, but You should check our Website frequently to see recent changes. 
  4. GRIEVANCE OFFICER
The Company would be glad to provide assistance to You in case You have any queries or have any issues pertaining to this Security and Privacy policy. Kindly contact support@lenskart.com 
  5. COOKIE POLICY
A cookie is a small text file that we place on your mobile device to enable various features of Lenskart.com. "Cookies" are used to store user preferences and to track user trends, so as to enhance Your interactive experience and generally improve our services to You. You can change Your cookie settings to accept or not accept cookies in Your browser settings. If You do accept a "cookie", You thereby agree to our use of any personal information collected by us using that cookie. If You do accept a "cookie", You thereby agree to our use of any personal information collected by us using that cookie. Whenever we uses a third party to host and serve content, we may arrange for a common identifier to be shared between the third party and us in order to enable accurate measurement of traffic and usage. This includes but is not limited to the use of AMP Client IDs in Google Analytics for Accelerated Mobile Pages served by Google on our behalf. 
  6. NDNC POLICY
By using the website and/or registering yourself at Lenskart.com you authorize us to contact you via email or phone call or sms and offer you our services, imparting product knowledge, offer promotional offers running on website & offers offered by the associated third parties, for which reasons, personally identifiable information may be collected. And Irrespective of the fact if also you have registered yourself under DND or DNC or NCPR service, you still authorize us to give you a call from Lenskart for the above mentioned purposes till 365 days of your registration with us. This Privacy Policy covers Lenskart’s treatment of personally identifiable information that Lenskart collects when you are on the Lenskart site, and when you use Lenskart’s services. This policy also covers Lenskart’s treatment of any personally identifiable information that Lenskart’s business partners share with Lenskart. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Lenskart does not own or control or to people that Lenskart does not employ or manage. Lenskart collects personally identifiable information when you register for a Lenskart account, when you use certain Lenskart products or services, when you visit Lenskart pages, and when you enter promotions. Lenskart may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners. When you register with Lenskart, we ask for your first name, last name, contact no, email, Date of birth and gender. Once you register with Lenskart and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. Also during registration, you may be requested to register your mobile phone and email id, pager, or other device to receive text messages, notifications, and other services to your wireless device. By registration you authorize us to send sms/email alerts to you for your login details and any other service requirements or some advertising messages/emails from us. 

