> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pyxism.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101120094642id_/http%3A//www.pyxism.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PYXISM

Thank you for visiting Pyxism.com (our "Site"). Pyxism appreciates the opportunity to interact with you on the Internet and is committed to protecting and safeguarding your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about the types of information we might collect about you when you visit our Site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct that information.  

 **What Information We Collect and How We Use It  
** Any information we collect on our Site generally falls into the following two categories: Personally Identifiable Information and Aggregate Information.  Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that lets us know specifically who you are. In general, you can visit our Site without telling us who you are or revealing any Personally Identifiable Information. You may however, voluntarily provide the following Personally Identifiable Information:   contact information, such as email address, physical address, shipping address and billing address; financial information including credit card, debit card, bank account numbers.   In such event, we might maintain a record of your contact, including such Personally Identifiable Information, in a file specific to you. We use this information to provide better service in the event you contact us again. We additionally share, trade, rent, license, and/or sell this information to third parties that we believe offer products, services, and/or opportunities that are consistent with your desire to be financially secure and/or independent.  Note that if you voluntarily provide us with Personally Identifiable Information, you consent to our sales, trade, rent, license, use, and storage of the information.   Additionally, we may obtain supplemental Personally Identifiable Information from third parties, such as your driver license, credit card statement, and utility bills to verify your Personally Identifiable Information. You likewise consent to these practices.  This supplemental Personally Identifiable Information will be stored in our files and may be shared and/or traded with and/or rented, licensed, and/or sold to third parties.  Aggregate Information: This refers to information that does not by itself identify you as a specific individual. Such information would include the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") or the Web site that referred you to our Site, your Internet Protocol ("IP") address (a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Web), your operating system and browser type, and any search terms that you enter on our Site. Our Web server aggregates this information in order to monitor the level of activity on our Site, evaluate its effectiveness, and improve the content of our Site in order to make your visit an easy and enjoyable experience.   We may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, or otherwise disclose or use any Aggregate Information, provided that, such information does not personally identify you. We do not correlate any Personally Identifiable Information with the Aggregate Information that we collect on our Site. If we do correlate any Aggregate Information to you, it will be protected like any other Personally Identifiable Information under this Privacy Statement.  

**Marketing**   
We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies to improve our services and to better serve your personalized needs. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, simply indicate your preference once you sign in on the Site.  

**Sharing Your Information  
**We may share Personally Identifiable Information you provide online with other Pyxism-related entities and/or business partners that provide services to Pyxism. Where we engage third-party agents or contractors to perform services on our Site, we will require them to observe the intent of this Privacy Statement.   From time to time, we may release or share with our corporate family Personally Identifiable Information when we believe that such is reasonably necessary to investigate unlawful activities, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves. We may be required to provide Personally Identifiable Information in response to court order, subpoena, or government investigation. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.   Pyxism or its related entities could merge with or be acquired by another business entity, or their respective assets could be acquired. Should such a merger or acquisition occur, you should expect that we would share some or all of your Personally Identifiable Information to companies serving you and other users of our Site.  

**Security**   
Your Personally Identifiable Information is stored on our servers in the United States. We treat your Personally Identifiable Information very carefully and use our best efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and other users may abuse or misuse your Personally Identifiable Information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, we cannot promise, and you should not expect that your Personally Identifiable Information or private communications will always remain private. Moreover, this Privacy Policy only addresses the information that we collect from you. This Private Policy does not apply to the Personally Identifiable Information that you disclose to others, such as bidders, buyers, or sellers on the Site or any other sites throughout the Internet. Since we are unable to control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties to whom you elect to disclose the information. 

**Your Choices**   
Your permission is always secured first. We will not use or share the Personally Identifiable Information collected on our Site in ways unrelated to the purpose for which you provided the information, including those described above, without providing you a choice whether to permit any such unrelated uses.  

**Accessing and Correcting Your Information  
**We take reasonable measures to ensure that any Personally Identifiable Information we collect on our Site is accurate, current, complete, and reliable for its intended use. 

**Protecting Your Information  
**We acknowledge your trust and are committed to take reasonable steps to protect Personally Identifiable Information you provide online from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access. We employ physical, electronic, and managerial processes to safeguard and secure your information. 

**Use of Information Obtained from Pyxism**  
We cannot guarantee the privacy or security of your Personally Identifiable Information once we share, trade, rent, license, and/or sell your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties. We strongly encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security policies of all these third parties to determine how they may use your Personally Identifiable Information.    Use of Cookies On This Site A "cookie" is a small data file transferred to your computer's hard drive that allows a Web site to respond to you as an individual, gathering and remembering information about your preferences in order to tailor its operation to your needs, likes and dislikes. Overall, cookies are safe, as they only identify your computer to customize your Web experience. Accepting a cookie does not provide access to your computer or any Personally Identifiable Information about you, other than the information you choose to share. Other servers cannot read them, nor can they be used to deliver a virus.   Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually adjust yours (Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator) to notify you of cookie placement requests, refuse certain cookies, or deny cookies completely.   Our Site may send cookies to your computer's hard drive to enhance your experience when visiting our Site.  We do not use "surveillance" cookies that track your web activity outside of our Site.    Links To Other Web Sites Links to third-party Web sites may be provided solely for your information and convenience. If you use these links, you will leave our Site. This Privacy Statement does not cover the information practices of those Web sites linked to our Site, nor do we control their content or privacy policies. We suggest that you carefully review the privacy policies of each site you visit.  

**Children's Privacy Protection**   
We take special care to protect the privacy needs of children under the age of 13 and encourage parents to be an active participant in their child's online activities. We abide by the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and other relevant laws. Our Site does not target and is not intended for children under the age of 13, and we will not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from them. If we discover personal data from a child through an adult-oriented site, we will eliminate that data. 

**Changes To This Statement  
**Any updates or changes to the terms of this Privacy Statement will be posted here on our Site and the date of the newest version posted below. Please check back frequently, especially before you submit any Personally Identifiable Information at our Site, to see if this Privacy Statement has changed.   Other Use of Your Information We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other Personally Identifiable Information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Statement. For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability.  

**Contact Us  
**If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or if you with to access or make changes to information we have about you, please contact us at: 1-949-207-3134 OR contact us via email at: [help@pyxism.com](mailto:help@pyxism.com).   By using our Site, you acknowledge acceptance of this Privacy Statement in effect at that time of use. 

Effective Date:  January 18, 2010. 
