> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zoutons.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181012122446id_/https%3A//zoutons.com/privacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**ZOUTONS MOBILE APP PRIVACY POLICY**  
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Zoutons (“Online Deals & Coupon Discovery Application”) for mobile devices that was created by 3point14 Digital Co.  The Application is a repository of coupons, deals and discount offers shared by third party e- commerce portals in India. Zoutons Mobile Application is an extended version of the Zoutons.com web portal for Android Users and will remain in sync with the website accessible at http://zoutons.com All required information is service dependent and zoutons may use the above said user information to, maintain, protect, and improve its services (including advertising services) and for developing new services. Such information will not be considered as sensitive if it is freely available and accessible in the public domain or is furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005, any rules made there under or any other law for the time being in force.   
**What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?**   
**User Provided Information  **   
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us. When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide  (a) your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help;  and; (d) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information (e) we also store cookies as they are used to track the transaction done at third party portals.  We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.   
**Automatically Collected Information  **   
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.    
**Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?**   
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.     
**Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?**   
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:  As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;  When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;  With our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.  If 3point14 Digital Co is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.  To advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below   
**Automatic Data Collection and Advertising**   
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can’t identify you personally. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.   If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled “Opt-out” below.    
**What are my opt-out rights?**   
There are multiple opt-out options for users of this Application:     Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application: You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at [PRIVACY@ZOUTONS.COM]. Opt-out from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third party network advertisers: you may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by turning off the location sharing from the setting of your mobile device or you can write us at privacy@zoutons.com to turn this off from our side   
**Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information**   
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at privacy@zoutons.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.     
**Children**   
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@zoutons.com . We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.   
Cookies and IP Tracking Policy:   
The website stores data other than the content which provides information on personal identity in the form of IP and cookies. It comes under the category non personal identifiable data which also includes search history, queries submitted, date and time, domain, advertisement response. The website can also use a conversion pixel (a 1px. X 1px. image) to track the user behavior on our leads collection form as it is an intact part of our Business.   
Information Collected by the Website:   
The website also collects and stores the data submitted by users. Means of data collection on Zoutons Contact Forms: The contact forms on the website are made to simplify the process of data presentation by collecting the user interests, website browsing history and age. Login/Signup- By creating a user account visitor agrees the terms of conditions of the website and we can use the data collected through our channel in the analysis of trends and can also be forwarded to the service providers depending upon the usage history. User also agrees to receive SMS and Emails containing the information of the college and course he/she applies in and also of related colleges and courses. Testimonials: The users providing testimonials are entitled to public display and can also be shared with our clients Forums: Views posted on forums and our comment section are sole property of Zoutons.com as it provides a crucial insight of consumer thought process   
Opt-in Mails and Other ways to Use data by the Company   
The company can use data collected through the website in various ways:   
**a.** Opt-in Mails- Company sends customized mails on the users opting for newsletters or notification on admission process and entrance tests. Users can anytime unsubscribe from the service   
**b.** Feedbacks: The Company may contact its visitors or users for feedback on any new feature or services. If not interested, users can drop a mail on privacy@zoutons.com   
**c.** Geographical Data: we use geographical or demographical data to provide location wise customized data.   
**d.** Cookies and IP data are used to provide most relevant results through search   
**Security**   
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.     
**Changes**   
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy.    
**Your Consent**   
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in India. If you reside outside Indian territory  your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under Indian privacy standards.    
**Contact us**   
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at privacy@zoutons.com .   

