> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the navigation.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061223214448id_/http%3A//www.navteq.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# NAVTEQ

**Effective date: March 2001**

NAVTEQ is concerned about privacy on the Internet. As such, to better protect your privacy, NAVTEQ has provided this notice explaining its online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on this Site. Furthermore, this Privacy Policy works in conjunction with the Terms of Use but does not modify or supercede these documents.

NAVTEQ' Collection and Use of Your Information  
In the course of using this Site, NAVTEQ may ask you for your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, fax number and other registration information. NAVTEQ also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows '98 or Mac OS), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink), aggregate data about the number of visits to the Site and/or aggregate data about the pages visited. 

How NAVTEQ Uses the Information  
NAVTEQ uses the non-personally identifiable information ("Aggregate Data") to improve the design and content of the Site. NAVTEQ may use the Aggregate Data to analyze Site usage as well as create products and services to fit your needs. Also, NAVTEQ may share this Aggregate Data with NAVTEQ' sponsors, advertisers and other third-party vendors. NAVTEQ shall own such Aggregate Data and maintain copies of such as part of its records. 

Except as otherwise indicated, NAVTEQ uses the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you provide: (a) to fulfill your requests for our products and services and those of our sponsors and business affiliates and to respond to your inquiries about our offerings; (b) to communicate with you and to assist you with any questions you have about an order you have placed for products and services; (c) for internal marketing purposes; (d) to cooperate with government officials or parties in litigation under process of law, or as otherwise required by law; (e) to protect the security or integrity of the Site; (f) to protect against a threat of safety or destruction of property; and/or (g) to protect against legal liability. In all cases, however, NAVTEQ' agents, employees and contractors who have access to Personal Information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. NAVTEQ will not use the Personal Information, except as set forth herein, without your permission; provided, however, NAVTEQ shall own all such Personal Information and maintain copies of such as part of its records.

NAVTEQ may use the Personal Information that it collects to offer you other products or services that NAVTEQ believes may be of interest to you. Some of NAVTEQ' third party distributors and/or entities related to your transactions may be supplied with your Personal Information and may use your Personal Information for their own marketing purposes or to send you information regarding products and services that may be of interest to you, however, as with NAVTEQ, any parties with access to such Personal Information are required to act in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. NAVTEQ also may make its mailing list available to companies carefully screened, whose products and services may interest you. If you do not wish to receive any such information or to allow NAVTEQ the right to use your Personal Information as described in this paragraph, please contact NAVTEQ in the manner identified in the "Opt-Out" section below. The Aggregate Data and Personal Information may be transferred, distributed or sold as part of NAVTEQ or its assets. 

How to Contact NAVTEQ to Opt-Out   
You may choose not to receive such information and/or to allow NAVTEQ to use your information in the manner described above by simply notifying NAVTEQ directly at www.navteq.com. Please indicate whether you are opting out of email marketing communication only or all marketing communication. If you do not indicate one of the foregoing, we will construe your "opt out" as pertaining to email only. Upon receipt and processing of an "opt out" request, NAVTEQ will, within its commercially reasonable amount of time, remove your information from any future marketing communications. 

Security; No Liability NAVTEQ has implemented security measures to help protect against the risk of loss, misuse and alteration of any information under NAVTEQ' control. NAVTEQ protects your online order information by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. SSL encrypts your order information to avoid the decoding of that information by anyone other than NAVTEQ. To check the security of your connection, look at the lower left or right hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), then SSL is active. Some versions of browsers and some firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers. In that case, you'll be unable to connect to the server so you won't have to worry about mistakenly placing an order through an unsecured connection. 

Nevertheless, such security measures may not prevent all loss, misuse or alteration of information on this Site, and NAVTEQ is not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such security failures. Furthermore, this Site contains links to other sites. NAVTEQ is not responsible for nor can NAVTEQ ensure the privacy practices or content of such other sites. 

IP Addresses and Cookies   
Like other web sites, NAVTEQ uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with NAVTEQ' servers, to administer this Site and for security purposes. "Cookies" are pieces of data sent from a Web server to a Web browser that enable a Web server to identify users that visit a site hosted by that server. NAVTEQ may use Cookies in order to identify you to our site so that NAVTEQ can provide more customized information and services to you. In addition, our site may contain advertisements that may contain Cookies. In general, if you choose, you can disable the use of Cookies by reviewing your browser's preferences and options. 

Modification of Privacy Policy  
NAVTEQ may change this Privacy Policy at any time, consistent with the terms set forth in the Terms and Conditions of Use, including by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy on the Site. Your continued viewing of or use of this Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments. 

How to Contact NAVTEQ for Any Reason  
You may contact NAVTEQ with questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, updating any Personal Information or anything else related to NAVTEQ and/or this Site at www.navteq.com. 
