> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adgrx.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151225185627id_/http%3A//adgear.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AdGear Real-Time Ad Platform

## Advertising and Content Served through AdGear

AdGear Technologies, Inc. firmly believes in the importance of online privacy for its advertisers, publishers, and users. AdGear Technologies, Inc., through its AdGear ad server technology, does not collect any personally-identifying information before, during, or after the delivery of its clients' advertisements; our ad delivery technology may collect non-personally identifying information for the purposes of targeting and measuring advertising campaigns. Measurement of advertising campaigns consists of calculating performance metrics associated with non-personally identifying data, such as the total number of delivered impressions (advertisement exposures), the click-through rate of advertisements, the unique number of browsers exposed to an advertisement, etc. 

In the course of providing clients with ad serving services and for the purpose of helping clients determine which advertisement is suitable to be delivered to a user, AdGear technology may employ cookies to collect non-personally identifying information. A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on a user's computer when that computer's browser views an advertisement or website of one of AdGear's clients or partners. The AdGear cookie is unique to the user's browser. The cookie does not contain the user's name, address, phone number, Email address, or anything that personally identifies the user. AdGear Technologies, Inc. collects only non-personally identifying information such as the type of operating system used by the user, the type of Internet browser software used by the user, the address of web pages where ads were viewed by the user and the time at which the ads were viewed, the geographic location of the user's Internet service provider, anonymous demographic information collected through anonymous online surveys, such as gender and age and, when applicable, the address of advertiser websites viewed by the user in the past. 

## The Opt-Out Cookie

AdGear Technologies, Inc. allows users to opt out of the AdGear ad-serving cookie so that no unique information related to the user's past browsing history or behavior is used for targeting of advertisements. Opting out of the AdGear ad-serving cookie does not stop advertisements from being served to the user's computer; rather, it prevents historical user browsing data associated with the user's browser cookie from being used when targeting advertisements to the user. Please note that the opt-out mechanism used by the AdGear ad server requires your browser to accept third-party cookies from AdGear Technologies, Inc. 

If you wish to opt-out of AdGear Technologies, Inc.'s behavioral advertising, please [click here](http://rtb.adgrx.com/users/optout?AG_RED=http://www.adgear.com/privacy/optout.php). To opt back into AdGear Technologies, Inc.'s behavioral advertising and view advertising more relevant to you based on your historical browsing behavior, please [click here](http://rtb.adgrx.com/users/optin?AG_RED=http://www.adgear.com/privacy/optin.php). 

Note that all other cookies associated with your browser will remain intact and your opt-out will be effective for the entire life of your browser on your hard drive or until you delete the cookie file from your hard drive. This opt-out process will prevent the AdGear ad serving systems from serving behaviorally targeted advertisements to your browser, but will not delete cookies from your browser. It is necessary to store the AdGear "Opt Out" cookie on your computer in order that you be recognized as an opt-out user. 

## Third Party Disclaimer

On occasion, an advertiser may request that AdGear Technologies, Inc. provides or assists in the data collection of information supplied voluntarily by consumers within the body of AdGear delivered ads, which may include personal information fields completed by the user. AdGear Technologies, Inc. does so only on behalf of that advertiser. This information is understood by AdGear Technologies, Inc. to be used solely by that advertiser for the purposes identified within the advertisement to provide the user with requested goods, services or information as established within that advertiser's privacy policy. AdGear Technologies, Inc. is not responsible for the advertiser's use of this voluntarily supplied data. AdGear Technologies, Inc. does not distribute this information to any party other than as indicated in the advertisement. AdGear Technologies, Inc. never associates any of this information with any data gathered or used in the delivery of that advertisement. This information is provided directly to the advertiser, and is not collected or kept by either AdGear Technologies, Inc. or the publisher's site on which the advertisement is displayed. 

## Changes to This Document

AdGear Technologies, Inc. reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time and without notice. We will make every effort to post any changes to this policy in this area so that you are aware of the information we collect, how it is used, and under what circumstances is disclosed. 

Questions, comments, or concerns related to our privacy policy may be directed to our Customer Support at 1-866-611-9428 or [privacy@adgear.com](mailto:privacy@adgear.com)
