> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the opi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160621010833id_/http%3A//opi.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | OPI

Effective Date: October 1, 2014  
Welcome to the [www.opi.com](http://www.opi.com/) website (the "Site"). The Site is owned and operated by OPI Products Inc. ("OPI"). This Privacy Policy describes our general principles for the collection and use of personal information.  
1\. Acceptance of Agreement  
This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to any personally identifiable information collected on or after the effective date set forth above.  By accessing, using or browsing the Site, you agree to the collection and use of your information by OPI in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site. OPI reserves the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time.  Any changes will be posted on this page. OPI encourages you to check this page regularly. Your continued use of the Site following any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your agreement to such changes.  
2\. Information OPI Collects  
You may browse portions of our Site without providing us with personally identifiable information.  However, in order to access certain functions and features of the Site, or to make a purchase, OPI will collect "personally identifiable information" from you, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address, phone number and fax number. OPI will collect personally identifiable information from you when you voluntarily give OPI the information, such as when you participate in contests or promotions, complete a survey, join our mailing list, register for an account on the Site, choose to submit testimonials, stories, photos, or the like to the Site, or otherwise communicate with the Site. When registered professional users select and submit items to purchase on the Site, OPI forwards the list of items in their Shopping Bag and their name and address to their designated distributor. The distributor will ship the order and bill them directly for it; OPI is not involved in the processing of these transactions.  
OPI may also collect demographic information that you provide it via surveys, contests or otherwise, such as your zip code, age, or income level, as well as information about your knowledge of and satisfaction with OPI and OPI’s products.  
OPI may also collect “non-personally identifiable information,” such as your IP address and browsing patterns. OPI uses IP addresses to help diagnose problems with its servers, to administer the Site, to help identify your shopping cart, and to gather broad demographic information. OPI collects such information from you by “passive” means, such as through the use of cookies, flash shared objects and other tracking technologies. Many Internet services deliver cookies to people who visit their websites in order to make their services more convenient and personalized. OPI may use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in. These cookies terminate once the user closes the browser. OPI may also use a persistent cookie that stores your information to make it easier for you to login when you come back to the Site. You can remove or block this cookie using the settings in your browser if you want to disable this convenience feature.  
The Site is not intended for use by children. OPI will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information submitted by visitors to the Site who are under the age of 13.  If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personally identifiable information from children under 13, we will attempt to notify such child’s parent or guardian and erase such information from our records, unless the child’s parent or guardian consents to our maintaining such information.   We do recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves over the Internet.  
3\. How OPI Uses Your Information  
OPI may use your personally identifiable information to create accounts, to send updates, to respond to your requests, to provide online technical support and troubleshooting, to notify winners and award prizes, for customer service, and for general internal business purposes.   
From time to time, OPI may offer contests and promotions with joint partners. If you choose to enter such a contest or promotion and provide your personally identifiable information, OPI may share your personally identifiable information that you provide with its partners as provided in the official rules for each such contest and promotion.  
Unless you tell us not to, OPI may use your personally identifiable information for OPI-related marketing purposes, to contact you with information about our products and offerings that OPI thinks you may be interested in. All of our marketing email messages will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of receiving this information. Please note that changes to your preferences may not be effective immediately.  
From time to time OPI may also share your name, postal address and email address with certain select third parties whose products or services it thinks might be of interest to you. You always have the opportunity to request that your information no longer be shared with these third parties for direct marketing purposes by emailing OPI at [Optout@opi.com](mailto:Optout@opi.com). Please allow up to 10 days for us to process your request.  Please note that your removal from these communications will only apply to the sharing of your information in the future and not to information that may have already been shared with third parties, as provided in this Privacy Policy. You may need to contact third parties that may contact you directly to request not to receive future communications.  
OPI may use third party contractors and service providers to help it operate its business and the Site or administer activities on its behalf, and may share your information with these contractors for those limited purposes.  Examples include companies we retain to manage or host the Site, companies we retain to fulfill product purchases or to provide services to you on our behalf, and companies we retain as consultants to conduct research on our behalf.  These third parties may not use your personally identifiable information other than to provide the services requested by us.  
OPI may use your demographic information to better understand OPI’s customer’s needs and preferences, to improve OPI’s products and services, to improve the Site and tailor its content, and for internal purposes. OPI may also share such information in the aggregate form with third parties.  
OPI may use non-personally identifiable information for internal purposes and to help it interact with visitors to the Site. OPI may also share non-personally identifiable information in the aggregate form with third parties to illustrate trends and patterns.  
If OPI is sold to or merges with another company, or declares bankruptcy, some or all of the information collected from you may be transferred to a third party as a result of the transfer of assets. OPI may also disclose your information when it determines it is necessary to comply with applicable laws or protect its interests or safety or the interests or safety of other visitors to the Site.  
4\.  Reproduction of Content  
For visitors who provide photographs, stories, comments, testimonials or other feedback about our products or our Site, or provide us any other information via correspondence or otherwise (“Content”), we collect your first and last name, email address and any Content included in the correspondence. By submitting the Content, you agree that we may use your Personal Information and such Content as permitted under this Privacy Policy, including reproducing, modifying, adapting, publishing, displaying, translating and creating derivative works from, the Content, in whole or in part, on the Website and in our marketing and advertising materials, without any compensation to you.  Further, we are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques and suggestions contained in the Content for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to creating, manufacturing and marketing products and/or services using such information, all without compensation to you.  
5.Links  
The Site may contain links to other websites of entities that are not necessarily affiliated with OPI.  OPI does not share your personally identifiable information with those websites and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.  
 6\. Security  
Protecting your information is important to OPI. OPI uses industry standard technology to protect the security of your information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while OPI is committed to protecting your information, OPI cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to it. You hereby acknowledge that we are not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the internet, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner.  
You are solely responsible for safeguarding and maintaining the secrecy of your log-in, password and/or any account information in your possession or control. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.  
7\. Access and Change to Personal Information  
We provide you with the ability to review, update or correct personally identifiable information previously submitted by logging into your account on the Site.  We will use commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate all such requests, especially to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user’s written request, we will functionally delete the user and his or her personally identifiable information from the database where such information is stored; however, we will retain one copy of all information provided for certain legal or archival purposes for a prescribed period.  
8\. Your California Privacy Rights.  Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you are a resident of California, you may request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information regarding our disclosure (if any) of your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year.  To make such a request, please write to:  
OPI Products Inc.  
13034 Saticoy Street  
North Hollywood, CA 91605  
Attn:  California Privacy Rights  
We reserve the right not to respond to requests not submitted to the above address.  
If you have any questions or comments about OPI’s Privacy Policy, please contact OPI at:  
OPI Products Inc.  
Attn. Legal Department  
13034 Saticoy Street  
North Hollywood, CA 91605  
[legal@opi.com](mailto:legal@opi.com)  
tel:(800) 341-9999
