> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the opinionoutpost.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101126013818id_/https%3A//opinionoutpost.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# | Opinion Outpost

Updated: March 03,2008

[](http://www.truste.org/ivalidate.php?url=www.opinionoutpost.com&sealid=101)

Opinion Outpost is a licensee member of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to build users' trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. This privacy statement covers Opinion Outpost's site www.OpinionOutpost.com. Opinion Outpost is committed to privacy and demonstrates that commitment by disclosing its information and privacy practices for review by and in accordance with TRUSTe standards and policies.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you can contact Opinion Outpost by e-mail, direct mail or telephone:

E-mail:| panel@opinionoutpost.com  
---|---  
Postal Mailing address:| 

> Attn: Privacy Concern  
> Opinion Outpost  
> 701 East Timpanogos Parkway  
> Building M  
> Orem, UT 84097   
> USA   
  
Phone:| 877-254-1234  
  
If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you can contact TRUSTe at <http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php>. TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with Opinion Outpost to resolve your concerns.

## Table of Contents

  * Our Privacy Commitment
  * Collection & Use of Information 
  * How to Access the Information Provided
  * Security
  * Your Options
  * Notification of Changes
  * Contacting Us
  * Legal Disclaimers 
  * User Agreement 



## Our Privacy Commitment

Opinion Outpost is a survey research data collection company. We help leading firms make better decisions through the use of information. We recognize the privacy concerns and rights of our Internet visitors, and are committed to ensuring the privacy of our clients, panel members and visitors. We take this commitment seriously and any information provided will be used only as set forth here in our privacy policy.

Opinion Outpost asks its website visitors to join a panel of willing respondents to share opinions and relevant information with us about various products and services. We value this information and want you to feel confident any information collected will remain confidential. To preserve the integrity of the data collection process our organization knows you must feel your information and privacy is protected. Opinion Outpost will not use any information gathered for purposes outside of survey research - we are only interested in your opinions.

Opinion Outpost supports the rights of our research participants by limiting the use of the information to legitimate marketing research purposes. We endeavor to conform to the Council of American Survey Research Organizations (CASRO) Code of Standards and Ethics for Survey Research, the American Association for Public Opinion Research (AAPOR) Code of Professional Ethics and Practices and all relevant US regulations regarding privacy.

Opinion Outpost and its key executives are active in supporting the following organizations created to uphold ethical survey research practices:

  * [Marketing Research Association (MRA) ](http://www.mra-net.org/)
  * [Council of American Survey Research Organizations (CASRO) ](http://www.casro.org/)
  * [American Marketing Association (AMA) ](http://www.marketingpower.com/)
  * [Advertising Research Foundation (ARF) ](http://www.thearf.org/)
  * [American Association for Public Opinion Research (AAPOR)](http://www.aapor.org/)
  * [European Society of Opinion and Marketing Research (ESOMAR)](http://www.esomar.org/)



Table of Contents

## Collection & Use of Information

The website www.OpinionOutpost.com may be visited without revealing any personally identifiable information. If you join our panel, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Membership in the panel is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.

Opinion Outpost collects demographic and personally identifiable information for a variety of business purposes, which include the building of online survey panels; data generated by individuals who answer survey questions, and through customer care contact. Collected data is used in aggregate by leading survey research consultancies throughout North America and the world to improve consumer products and services worldwide. By way of example, the collected data can be used to measure customer satisfaction, awareness of various advertisements, new concept testing or public opinion on a variety of political issues.

Information Collected Passively. Opinion Outpost collects and stores the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using, the browser software you use and your operating system, the date and time you access our site and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site.

Opinion Outpost uses this information-which does not identify individual users-to analyze visitor trends, to more effectively administrate the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our visitors as a whole. We are not able nor do we make any effort to match this information to personally identifiable information.

Cookies. A cookie is a small text file stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use session ID cookies on our sites. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when the browser is closed. We do not link the information we store in these session ID cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. You do not need to have cookies turned on to participate in our surveys, or to visit our website. However, panel members of www.OpinionOutpost.com must have cookies enabled in order to view information beyond the summary welcome page.

Clear Gifs (Web Beacons). Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer's hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of a sentence. We do not use clear GIFs on www.OpinionOutpost.com.

Opinion Outpost may permit certain third party suppliers to set clear GIFs on the panel referrals obtained through their websites. In addition, we may use clear GIFs in our HTML-based e-mails to let us know which e-mails recipients have opened. These GIFs allow us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications, panel recruitment efforts and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. We make no attempts to tie the information gathered by clear GIFs to any personally identifiable information.

Information Collected for Panel Registration. Visitors to www.OpinionOutpost.com who wish to join must first complete the registration form. During registration you are required to provide your contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number and e-mail address). We use this information to invite you to participate in relevant survey research in which you have expressed interest. We do not activate panel members' accounts until an e-mail request to the individual is responded to by clicking on a link to confirm and activate their panel membership. Visitors under the age of 18 are not allowed to join our panel. All information provided by individuals under age 18 is deleted.

Notices will be sent to your e-mail address inviting you to participate in surveys, and on occasion to contact you with service messages about the www.OpinionOutpost.com panel. We may use your phone number to invite you to participate in surveys comprised of certain area code segments of the population. You may be contacted by phone if you indicated the telephone as one of the modes through which you consent to participate in a survey. Otherwise, we will contact you by telephone only if there is a problem with your panel membership, or to obtain updated information on your membership. We will use your postal address to mail any survey-related incentives such as OpinionPoint reward checks or product samples related to a particular survey. All panel members are required to create a username and password to access information related to their membership on the panel.

Opinion Outpost encourages panel members to supply demographic information (e.g., gender, birth date, income level, employment) which we use to pre-qualify panel members for survey opportunities that may be of interest to them. We often ask panel members and survey participants for additional information related to their interests, hobbies and product usage. This information enables us to send surveys corresponding with their area of interest and expertise.

Your personally identifiable information will only be used by Opinion Outpost and approved, qualified, third-party companies for purposes of data analysis, reward fulfillment, customer service, survey recruitment or Web hosting. When we use such third parties, we will always ensure the same level of security and limitations on the use and disclosure of your personal information.

We may summarize information about panel members of www.opionououtpost.com to develop statistics to compare with the general population, as well as for general marketing purposes. This information does not identify individual users.

Refer-A-Friend. Panel members have the option of referring friends to our site to join the panel. If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and e-mail address. We will automatically send your friend an e-mail inviting him or her to visit the site. We will only send an e-mail once and will make no further attempts to contact or recruit them using the e-mail address provided. Opinion Outpost stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this invitation e-mail and tracking the success of our referral program.

Your friends may contact us at panel@opinionoutpost.com to request we remove this information from our database.

Information Collected for Survey Research. Opinion Outpost collects answers to survey questions via the phone and Internet to help organizations research opinions and attitudes about products and services. Besides asking general questions about a product or service, we may ask for additional demographic information such as your gender, age, ethnicity, household income and other pertinent information used to summarize the data collected into market segments. These segments help our clients understand the opinions of products or services among different groups of the overall population. Either Opinion Outpost or one of our clients will aggregate the responses of the survey data we collect. The results of the research are reported in aggregate. Users of the report only see summarized, non-personally identifiable information. We require your consent prior to releasing any personally identifiable information you provide during the survey process. Clients to whom we provide personally identifiable information-disclosed only with the expressed permission of the panel member-are required to sign and abide by CASRO's "Standards Regarding Disclosure of Respondent-Identifiable Data to Clients."

Table of Contents

## How to Access the information Provided

Participation in our panel is completely voluntary. We want you to keep your information up-to-date. We attempt to provide as many ways as possible to update the information you have provided. Above all, we are open to any feedback you have on how we can make our sites better.

If you wish to change or update any information such as your name, e-mail address, postal address or other information, please go to www.OpinionOutpost.com. You will be prompted to enter your user id and password. You will then have an option to update your information. If you no longer desire to be an active member of our phone panel, login in to the site and de-select your preference expressing willingness to participate in research over the phone.

If you wish to withdraw from the panel select the 'Opt-Out' feature. Or you may also opt-out of the panel by simply sending an e-mail to panel@opinionoutpost.com with "unsubscribe" in the subject line.

For additional assistance with accessing your information, please contact us by e-mail or telephone at the contact information listed below:

E-mail: panel@opinionoutpost.com

Phone: 877-254-1234

Table of Contents

## Security

Opinion Outpost strives continuously to ensure proper safeguards are in place to protect the integrity and confidentiality of information collected.

We use secure socket layer (SSL) encryption to protect the transmission of personal information including email addresses submitted to us through secure online forms such as the registration of panel members on www.OpinionOutpost.com. All information you provide to us through these forms is stored securely offline. Your information is further secured by the use of firewalls and password protection systems.

Panel members may change their information after logging in with their username and password in the panel members' area. If you forget your username and password, an e-mail will be sent at your request to the e-mail address on account with information on how to reset your username and password. E-mail or postal mail requests for password changes must include information to allow us to verify the panel member's identity (e.g., message sent from the panel member's e-mail account, correct name and mailing address).

All survey research information collected is stored in our data center. The data center is a secure, sealed environment with controlled entry, video surveillance, redundant environment controllers and un-interruptible power backup / generator. We have in place physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in order to protect collected data.

If you send us an e-mail, please understand e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. So, if your communication includes sensitive information and you prefer not to use online forms, contact us by postal mail or telephone rather than e-mail.

If you have additional questions about the security on our Web sites, you can send an e-mail to us at: panel@opinionoutpost.com

Table of Contents

## Your Options

Communication. Members of www.OpinionOutpost.com may receive service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an e-mail. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your member account (see 'Opt-out' below).

Opt-out. In each e-mail invitation sent to members of our panel, we provide the opportunity to opt-out of receipt of further mailings. The details for opting-out are located at the bottom of each e-mail. In the case of panel members, this opt-out opportunity deactivates the member's account and terminates their membership (including all redemption reward points earned) with www.OpinionOutpost.com. You may also opt-out of the panel at anytime by logging into the member's area of our site or by simply sending an e-mail to panel@opinionoutpost.com with "unsubscribe" in the subject line.

Table of Contents

## Notification of Changes

Opinion Outpost reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or remove portions of this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy or changes to our email practices, we will post a prominent notice on our home page. We may also e-mail panel members of www.OpinionOutpost.com about the changes.

Table of Contents

## Contacting Us

Any questions or comments regarding our policies and practices should be directed to the Opinion Outpost Panel administrator at:

E-mail:| panel@opinionoutpost.com  
---|---  
Postal Mailing address:| 

> Attn: Privacy Concern  
> Opinion Outpost  
> 701 East Timpanogos Parkway  
> Building M  
> Orem, UT 84097 USA  
  
Phone:| 877-254-1234  
  
Table of Contents

## Legal Disclaimers

We value your opinions and want to protect your privacy. However, we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.

We do not share, sell, rent or trade PII with third parties for their promotional purposes.

In the event of a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, sale of all or a portion of our assets or any other change of control, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. We reserve the right to transfer personally identifiable information as part of a business transition. Any future buyer would be required to honor this privacy policy or provide advance notice of changes as indicated in this privacy policy.

Use of the online services at www.OpinionOutpost.com constitute acceptance of the terms of this privacy policy and the user agreement.

Table of Contents

Return to Top

## User Agreement

Please read our User Agreement to learn more about our membership requirements, rewards program, limitation of liability, disclaimer of warranty, indemnification, intellectual property rights, governing rights, arbitration, referral programs, and other items pertaining to your membership agreement. [Click Here](http://www.opinionoutpost.com/user.php)

Table of Contents

Return to Top
