> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 99x.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-03-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090316063214id_/http%3A//99x.com/privacy_policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy_policy

| 

**A Privacy Policy Statement from 99X**

99X is a member of the Susquehanna Radio Corp. family of stations and as such, abides by and upholds the tenets of the personal privacy policy outlined below:

Protecting your personal privacy is very important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how the radio stations of Susquehanna Radio Corp. collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us. Specifics about what information is collected and how it is used follow this Privacy Policy Statement.

> Your personal privacy is a principal concern to us at Susquehanna Radio Corp. Our goal in outlining our policy on the collection and use of listener/customer data is to ensure the highest level of confidentiality and security. When you provide your personal information to any Susquehanna radio station, we will not give or sell your personal information to any outside company for its use in marketing or solicitation, without your permission. We will maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and it will be used only to support your customer relationship with our radio stations, assisting us in providing better and more targeted services to you. Additionally, internal practices are in place to help protect your privacy by limiting employee access to and use of customer data. When Susquehanna Radio Corp. asks for customer/listener information, it is done with the goal of improving the relationship between a Susquehanna radio station and the listener. At Susquehanna, we allow our listeners to maintain control over their personal data while attempting to provide a more interactive online experience. Our intention is to send e-mail only to listeners/customers who have chosen to receive such e-mails. At any time, you have the right to decline receiving future communications in any manner, including email, fax, telephone and postal mail.

* * *

 **Privacy Policies**

    *  **Information Collection**  
When you **browse** any Susquehanna Radio Corp. radio station Web site, you do so anonymously. Personal information—including your e-mail address—is _not_ collected. Some of our Web sites, however, may request that you **voluntarily** supply us with personal information, including your e-mail address for purposes such as correspondence, site registration, membership, making a purchase, contests or participating in online surveys. We may ask for your name, e-mail address, telephone number, mailing address and birthdate. Other optional information may be asked (listener/customer preference information, social security numbers, lifestyle interests, and other demographic information) that is needed to register or subscribe you to services or offers.

Like many other commercial Web sites, Susquehanna Radio Corp. may use a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how our site is used. Please read [About Cookies](https://web.archive.org/about_cookies.aspx) for more information. 

      * **We collect only information that is needed, and we tell listeners/customers how we use it.** We limit the collection of information about our listeners/customers to what we need to know to manage their membership, to provide customer service, to offer new products and services, and to fulfill any legal and regulatory requirements. We tell our listeners/customers about the general uses of information we collect about them, and we will provide additional explanation if requested. 
      * **We give listeners/customers choices about how their data will be used.** On a regular basis, we provide our listeners/customers the ability to decline any or all future email communications. Listeners/customers may also decide if and how they wish to be contacted via other communication media. 
      * **We give listeners/customers access to their data online.** A listener/customer may change, update or add additional information about themselves at any time through our radio stations' web sites, which offer this feature. If a station does not currently provide this ability, listeners/customers can still change their data profile by contacting the local station. All Susquehanna Radio Corp. radio stations will provide this feature in the near future. 
      * **We ensure information quality.** We use advanced technology and well-defined employee practices to help ensure that listener/customer data is processed promptly, accurately and completely. 
      * **We use information security safeguards.** Access to listener/customer data is limited to those who specifically need it to conduct their business responsibilities. We use security techniques designed to protect our listener/customer data—especially that data which is used by employees and business partners to fulfill listener/customer services. 
      * **We limit the release of listener/customer information.** In addition to providing listeners/customers with the opportunity to refuse marketing offers, we release information only at the listeners'/customers' requests, or when required to do so by law or other regulatory authority. When a court order or subpoena requires us to release information, we notify the listener/customer directly so that his/her legal rights can be exercised, if appropriate. The only exceptions to this policy are when we are prohibited by court order or law from notifying the listener/customer, or cases in which fraud and/or criminal activity is suspected. 
      * **We hold employees responsible for our privacy principles.** Each Susquehanna Radio Corp. employee is personally responsible for maintaining listener and customer confidentiality. All Susquehanna Radio Corp. employees are required to sign an agreement that they will comply with these policies. Employees who violate these policies are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal. Employees are expected to report violations—and may do so confidentially—to their managers or other supervisors. Each station has an employee who has been assigned the responsibility for assuring the adherence to Susquehanna Radio Corp.'s privacy policy. Check your local station's web site for this contact. The Susquehanna Radio Corp. Corporate Headquarters can be contacted at the following email address: [postmaster@suscom.com](mailto:postmaster@suscom.com)
      * **At times, our clients might collect data from listeners on our web sites or on site at a retail location or other station events.** (This practice most commonly occurs when a client provides a prize giveaway and uses data collection as the means to register contest participants.) The collection of this data is clearly marked as information being collected for or by a third party, and providing such information is strictly voluntary. The station may help facilitate the collection of the data by providing forms and collection boxes for the client. Sometimes this information is shared with the radio station, though the station will only market to you if you have given us permission. __Data gathered in this manner is shared with our client partners. Any other data you may have previously provided to us remains private.__
    * **Information Use**  
If you provide us with your e-mail address, or have done so in the past, we may send you e-mail offers or newsletters. These offers or newsletters are based on information you provided in your membership application, registration forms, in surveys, from information that may indicate purchasing preferences and lifestyle, as well as information available from external sources, such as census bureau data. **These e-mail offers will come from a Susquehanna Radio Corp. station only. _Your information or email address is never sold to a third party._** All offers are carefully developed to guarantee that they meet our standards. Our goal is to target offers to listeners/customers who will find them of value. 
      * **The data you provide is used to enhance the services and offers our radio stations bring you.** As a result of providing personal information, Susquehanna Radio Corp. radio stations can provide a more customized online experience, making your interaction with us more productive, helpful and fun. You can also expect to receive occasional communications targeted directly toward your lifestyle interests. 
      * **Declining e-mail offers.** Susquehanna Radio Corp. provides listeners/customers with an easy means to decline receiving e-mail offers and recognizes the importance of providing you with choices. At any time, you may request to discontinue receiving these offers from us by simply replying to the e-mail address included in every e-mail message you receive from a Susquehanna Radio Corp. radio station. 
    * **Activity Tracking**  
We do monitor URL click-throughs found in our email messages. The click-through rate is reviewed in order to: track participation in contests in order to judge effectiveness and to award prizes; track listener interests; track response rates for station marketing purposes or to report to a client in aggregate form only, the response of listeners. Individual activity is never shared with employees or third parties. 
    * **Children**  
Susquehanna Radio Corp. does not **knowingly** solicit data from children, and we will not **knowingly** market to children. Susquehanna Radio Corp. defines children as anyone under 13 years of age. 
    * **What else should I know about my privacy?**  
Third party Internet sites and services accessible through Susquehanna Radio Corp. radio stations have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of us. Susquehanna Radio Corp. has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords, membership ID, or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we aim to protect your personal information, Susquehanna Radio Corp. cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. 

While each Susquehanna Radio Corp. station puts forth its best efforts in adhering to these minimum privacy standards, additional restrictions may be imposed to comply with state and local laws, and/or station specific programs, products and services.

Susquehanna Radio Corp.  
140 E. Market Street  
York, PA 17401

Effective Date: July 15, 1999


| 
