> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hook.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110529192848id_/http%3A//www.hook.tv/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hook.tv

**Hook.tv Privacy Policy**  
Hook.tv is committed to protecting your privacy. By using the Hook.tv website (www.hook.tv) or registering as a user, you are consenting to the collection and use of information by Hook.tv in conformance with the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the Hook.tv Privacy Policy, please do not register with any Hook.tv product. This document was last updated May 2nd,2008. 

**Information Collection and Use**  
We will only use the information we collect for the purposes of providing you with a more personalized experience. Hook.tv is the sole owner of the information collected, however we can share the information unless specifically stated otherwise within this policy.  We can sell , share, or rent this information to relevant parties based on the terms and conditions stated within this Privacy Policy. We collect information from our users during registration and when you make updates to your personal information in the Profile section. In order to ensure the integrity of your personal information, all of your data is stored in secure Hook.tv server databases. 

**Hook.tv Registration**  
When you choose to view, purchase, or download media files from Hook.tv, you will be required to register as a Hook.tv user. Registering allows you to take advantage of our unique, personalized features and services. Upon registering, you will first be asked to provide your e-mail address, a unique username, a password, name, gender, and date of birth. For billing information we may collect the type of credit card, your name as it appears on your credit card, credit card number, CVN (if applicable), expiration date, billing address, city, state, and zip code. You may also elect to provide us with your areas of interest, particularly having to do with your angling preferences, which helps us to serve you with relevant content, products, and services related to those interests. 

This information is collected for personal identification, billing authorization, and to further personalize your Hook.tv experience. Information is stored on secure Hook.tv servers. All information collected allows you access to your account information and various Hook.tv features. 

This information also allows us to comply to the [Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)](http://www.coppa.org/) ensuring that registered users of Hook.tv are 13 years of age or older. If a prospective user attempts to register and indicates that they are under the age of 13, we will not allow such registration to continue and will delete all information relating to such prospective user other than the name and email address for purposes of cross referencing any future attempts to register as a user with information relating to the age of the prospective user that may be different from the age set forth in the original registration. 

**Newsletters**  
As a Hook.tv user, you may occasionally receive e-mail updates from us or our partners, including newsletters, special offers we think you will find valuable, feature enhancements, and new services. These e-mail updates and offers may be sent based on information you have provided including previous purchases, downloads etc. . Please note that by registering, electing to receive e-mail updates from our partners, you are electing to have your information shared with these partners. For information on unsubscribing to Hook.tv or Hook.tv partner newsletters, please see the Opt Out Section below.   
**  
Contests and Promotions**  
When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your username, name, address, phone number, date of birth, or e-mail address so that we can administer the contest and notify winners. Additionally, you may be able to choose whether you would like to receive further communications from Hook.tv.  Participation in these contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Promotions that are offered through our website may be sponsored by companies other than Hook.tv or may be co-sponsored by Hook.tv and another company. Some or all data collected during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor. If data is shared, you may be notified prior to the time of data collection or transfer. Participation in these promotions is completely voluntary, and you can decide not to participate in the promotion if you don't want your data to be shared. 

**Online Surveys**  
We value opinions and comments from our users, and you may have the opportunity to give us your feedback through online surveys. In conducting these surveys, we may ask for your name, username, address, or e-mail address so that we can appropriately identify you. Survey information collected will be aggregated and used to improve our services and general offerings. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. 

**Cookies**  
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID the site uses to recognize you. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. The only personal information a cookie contains is the information you provide yourself. "Cookies" may be used when you use Hook.tv Website or connect to an advertisers Website. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can set your browser to block them in the future. This action, however, may result in a less personalized experience with Hook.tv and other websites. When you enter personal information on Hook.tv software, its website, or with a third party by means of advertising and you have elected to accept cookies, your personally identifiable information will be linked to a cookie on your computer. Hook.tv does not control the policies and practices of its advertisers. You are therefore advised to contact such advertisers directly with any questions you may have concerning their privacy or other policies or practices. 

**Log Files**  
The Hook.tv software and other Hook.tv technologies create log files identifying the media files you have purchased, downloaded, played, the number of times they have been played, the last date they were played, and tracking of user activity within our Media Guide. This information is stored in Hook.tv's secure database and is used for purposes of more readily issuing licenses for media files that you have already downloaded and thereby improving the speed with which you may use such media files in the future. This information is also used to analyze trends, administer the applications and website, diagnose problems, fulfill royalty reporting requirements for acquired media, to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, and deliver a personalized user experience within the Media Guide. No personally identifiable information concerning such usage is shared with any other party. Also note certain media players, such as the Microsoft Windows Media Player, may create log files identifying the media files that you have played. Hook.tv does not control the policies and practices of companies offering media players. You are therefore advised to contact such companies directly with any questions you may have concerning their privacy or other policies or practices. 

**Sharing Information**   
When you become a user of Hook.tv's Services, we may elect to share aggregate demographic or behavioral information with our business partners such as content providers and advertisers. By selecting to receive e-mail from Hook.tv partners, you are also electing to share your personally identifiable information with Hook.tv partners. As a result, Hook.tv may choose to provide your information to a variety of Hook.tv business partners. If you elect not to share your personally identifiable information with our partners ,and notify Hook of this, we will not provide this information to our partners or any other third parties. Hook.tv partners may work with other parties to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.   
Hook.tv may also disclose information in special cases to the extent it reasonably believes that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating Hook.tv's Terms of Service or may be causing injury to or interfering with Hook.tv's rights or property, other Hook.tv users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Hook.tv will also disclose or access information to the extent it reasonably believes that the law requires it to do so. Hook.tv may also transfer information it collects, including any personally identifiable information, in the course of a sale of all or most of the assets of the company. 

**Security**  
Hook.tv takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information, your information is protected both on- and off-line. However, you should keep in mind that any information that you disclose while on-line might be intercepted and misused by unintended third party recipients. 

Ultimately, your personal information is protected by the password you created when you registered an account with the (or another password you chose after changing a previous password). Please keep this password confidential. No Customer Service Associate or any other representative of Hook.tv will ever ask you for your password. So if you receive any correspondence purportedly coming from us, please do not supply any password in response to any such request. The confidentiality of your password is yours to protect. You may change it anytime by going to the My Account section of Tools that is part of the application. 

If you have any questions about security, please send an e-mail to [support@hook.tv](https://web.archive.org/web/20110529192848id_/http%3A//www.hook.tv/support@hook.tv)

**Special Offers**  
We send all new members confirmation/welcoming e-mail. Established subscribers who become members may receive e-mail on an ongoing basis including the Hook.tv Video Magazine or other similar beneficial correspondence without charge.  You will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, in addition to a newsletter. Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our opt-out below. 

**Service Updates**  
On occasion, we may also send you service announcement updates. Hook.tv users are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with you to provide requested services and issues relating to your account via e-mail or phone.   
**  
Correcting Personal Information**  
If your personal information changes, or you find that it is inaccurate, you may revise your personal information at any time by signing in using your username and password and going to the your Profile page.

**Opt Out**  
By using the Hook.tv products; you consent to the collection and use of information by Hook.tv in conformance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the Hook.tv Privacy Policy, please do not use or register with Hook.tv products. 

Hook.tv users are given the opportunity to opt-out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our products (i.e., partner communications) at the point where we ask for that information, or upon first receiving this type of correspondence from Hook.tv or its partners. 

You may, at any time, decline to receive these e-mail notifications from Hook.tv or our affiliated business partners by logging into the Hook.tv Media Center by replying to any e-mail with 'REMOVE' in the subject line. 

By registering or using this Site, you are expressly consenting to our sharing of your Personal Information with any affiliated and non-affiliated third parties to offer you products and services we believe may be of interest to you. You have a right to opt out of receiving these communications which are specified in the body of the communication. Otherwise, you may write to us at the address below to opt out of future communications: support@hook.tv 

**Notification of Changes**  
Hook.tv reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change its Privacy Policy at any time and without notice. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the Privacy Policy update on our website so that our users may view our new policy and be aware on an ongoing basis of what information we collect, how we use it, and under which circumstances we share it. If how we use or share your information is a concern, you are advised to review the Privacy Policy each time you visit Hook.tv to see if there have been any changes or updates to the policy. By using this Site and entering your Personal Information, you expressly assent that you have read the current Privacy Policy and agree to the then-prevailing terms pertaining Hook.tv's collection, use and sharing of your information.  
**  
Canceling Your Hook.tv Service**  
At any point, you may elect to cancel your Hook.tv service. To do so, contact us via email at [support@hook.tv.](https://web.archive.org/web/20110529192848id_/http%3A//www.hook.tv/support@hook.tv)   
**  
Contacting Hook.tv**  
If you have any questions about this privacy policy statement you can e-mail us at [support@hook.tv](https://web.archive.org/web/20110529192848id_/http%3A//www.hook.tv/support@hook.tv)
