> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hookup.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-08-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20000817020907id_/http%3A//www.hookup.com/includes/privacyPolicy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

**hookup.com ™ Privacy Policy **

By using the hookup.com™ Service (the "Service"), or any part thereof, you agree to and acknowledge the following:  
a. The Service is intended only for Users eighteen (18) years of age and older. Your use of the hookup.com™ site (the "Site") and the Service is governed by the User Agreement.   
b. When you register to use the Service, you will be required to provide certain personal information (e.g. name, email address, telephone number, company name, etc.) and demographic information (e.g. title, business type, business function, zip code, etc.). This information shall be stored by hookup.com™ and used only by hookup.com™ to provide you with periodic marketing and promotional notices. You may, at any time, prevent such use of your personal and demographic information by "opting out" of specific mailing lists and services as set forth below. In addition, you may elect to be included on specific mailing lists and services by notifying hookup.com™ as set forth below.   
c. As a necessary part of completing a transaction, your contact information must be shared with the other party/parties involved in sales arising from the Site or the Service, in accordance with the hookup.com™ User Agreement.   
d. When you use the Site or the Service, hookup.com™ automatically tracks certain information about you. This information includes your domain name and IP address, your browser version, your operating system, the URL you came from, the pages you visit within the Site, and the URL to which you go upon leaving the Site. hookup.com™ uses this information, in an aggregate form only, to monitor Site performance, utilization of features and services, traffic trends, and browser versions.   
e. hookup.com™ uses web browser "cookies" on a limited basis, and only to store certain "state" information such as your unique User ID and your session identifiers. Since cookies are stored in human-readable form, hookup.com™ does not store other User data such as passwords, preferences, etc. in cookie files. hookup.com™ will not read cookies from your cookie file other than those placed there through your web browser's interaction with the Site.   
f. The Site may include links to other web sites (the "Linked Sites"). Except as expressly stated herein, hookup.com™ shall not share personally identifiable information about Users with the operators of such Linked Sites, but may provide aggregate information regarding Users to such operators. hookup.com™ is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of the Linked Sites and hereby expressly disclaims all responsibility and liability which may arise therefrom.   
g. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, the information you enter and post through or on the Service or the Site, including, without limitation, items for sale, bids placed, and information posted through the forums, general chat message boards, and news groups will be available to all Users of the Site and Service. hookup.com™ may use this information to provide you with offers for goods and services on the Site that may interest you, or for marketing or promotional offers. You may, at any time, opt-out of receiving such offers and information, or elect to be included on or added to certain mailing lists by following the procedures set forth below.   
h. While hookup.com™ strives to protect its Users' personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk. You acknowledge that you are aware of security and privacy limitations, including but not limited to: (1) the limitation of security, privacy and authentication measures and features in this system; and (2) that data or information on the Service may be subject to eavesdropping, sniffing, spoofing, forgery, spamming, "impostering", tampering, breaking passwords, harassment, fraud, electronic trespassing, hacking, nuking, system contamination (including, without limitation, viruses, worms and Trojan horses) causing unauthorized, damaging or harmful access and/or retrieval of information and data on your computer, may be subject to other security or privacy hazards or may not reach its destination or may reach an erroneous address or recipient.   
i. Users in the European Union fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of their personal information in the United States.   
j. hookup.com™ shall, pursuant to valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order, allow access to all available and relevant information in order to comply with such process and protect hookup.com's rights and property. If warranted, hookup.com™ may also allow access to this information in special emergencies where physical safety is at risk. Users' IP addresses may also be traced by hookup.com™ and disclosed for these purposes.   
k. hookup.com™ may supplement the information that Users provide with information that it receives from third parties.   
l. hookup.com™ provides Users the opportunity to opt out of receiving various communications, including newsletters, periodic marketing and promotional notices, and introductions to value added services offered either on the Site or by our business partners. hookup.com™ also gives Users the opportunity to change registration and demographic information previously provided. In addition, if you have opted out of receiving certain information, you may elect to resume receiving such communications, newsletters or marketing and promotional notices. To opt out of receiving any communication, to elect to receive or resume receiving certain communications, to modify any information you have provided, or to contact hookup.com™ regarding this Privacy Policy, the Site or the Service, you may: 1. send email to customerservice@hookup.com™ 2\. call hookup.com™ at 417-782-1949 3. send certified/return receipt requested mail to hookup.com™, 602 S. Main St., Joplin, MO, 64801, Attn: Customer Service.

Copyright 1999-2000. All Rights Reserved. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the hookup.com™ User Agreement. Screen Code: 5012 (U) 
