> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hoopsvibe.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-08-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070821073329id_/http%3A//www.hoopsvibe.com/footer/privacy-ar11.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - HoopsVibe

  
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. Because we gather certain types of information about the users of HoopsVibe.com, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement (this "Statement") discloses the privacy practices for HoopsVibe.com (the "Website") - what information we gather, how we use it and how to correct or change it. This Statement only addresses our activities from our servers. Other sites (including those to which the Website links and third party sites or services with which HoopsVibe.com) may have their own privacy policies and practices, which we do not control. Questions regarding this Statement should be emailed to us. Please use our [contact us form](http://www.hoopsvibe.com/basketball-article-4330.html).

 **General Privacy Information**   
HoopsVibe.com’s network of sites contain links to partners, advertisers and third party Internet sites and services who may collect data in connection with sweepstakes, promotions, e-commerce, etc. They each have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of HoopsVibe.com and HoopsVibe.com has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily and publicly disclose personal information on any online service or Web site - for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Further, while we strive to protect your personal information, HoopsVibe.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.

 **Use of Information**    
All of the information HoopsVibe.com collects, both what you tell us and what we collect through the use of cookies, is "aggregated" — meaning that the information from many users is grouped together in a way that does not disclose the personal information of any particular user. We may use this aggregated information to evaluate which products and services are successful and which ones are not, and in order to evaluate which new services we should make available on our Web sites. We may use only the anonymous click stream data to help our advertisers deliver better-targeted advertisements. HoopsVibe.com will not disclose any information about any individual without the individual’s consent, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process. There may be cases in which some of your personal information may be used by HoopsVibe.com to target e-commerce promotions and telemarketing activities. In addition, it may be shared with Third Parties who assist HoopsVibe.com in producing its Web sites or provide a service to HoopsVibe.com’s users.

 **Contacting the Web Site**   
If you have any questions about this Statement, the practices of HoopsVibe.com with respect to personal information or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact e-mail us using our [contact us form](http://www.hoopsvibe.com/basketball-article-4330.html).

 **Third Parties**   
HoopsVibe.com uses the services of third-party network advertisers on it’s site. Network advertisers are third parties that attempt to show customized advertisements based on visits to this Web site and unrelated Web sites of others by your computer or web browser. Click on links below for more information about these companies [including any choices on participation in their services].

  
 **Registration**   
Anyone who participates in interactive activities (chat, message boards, contests, store and fantasy product purchase, membership program) on HoopsVibe.com’s network of Web sites may be asked to register for a free guest ID and password or to complete subscription registration for a member ID and password. We use customer contact information from this registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary for customer service reasons. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings; please reference your Personal Options. Unique identifiers, such as ID and passwords, are collected to verify the user’s identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.

 **Children Under the Age of 13**    
We do not currently collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. Under certain circumstances, visitors may be asked to submit a screen name as a means of identifying communications to HoopsVibe.com. Children of any age should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to anyone online. If in the future, HoopsVibe.com collects personally identifiable information from children, it will do so in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (is U.S.C. 6501 et seq.)

 **Cookies**  
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you’ve visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. This random number lets us keep track of "how many" times customers are doing specific things - like visiting our site each month - without really knowing who those customers are. We also use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your member ID. Additionally, after you’ve entered your member ID and password during a session on our service, we save that information so you don’t have to reenter it repeatedly during that session.   
Users should be aware that HoopsVibe.com cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for HoopsVibe.com. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies maybe necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the HoopsVibe.com network of websites.

 **Order Forms**   
HoopsVibe.com’s network of sites use an order form for customers to purchase products and services. If you place an order at a store hosted by HoopsVibe.com we will collect information from you, including your credit card and contact information. This information will be used by the merchant to bill the user for products and services. Contact information from the order form will also be used to ship orders, to contact a user for customer service related issues, and to send the user information about our company, and on occasion, promotional material from some of our partners. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings in Personal Options.

 **Surveys  
** Our online surveys ask visitors for their email address and demographic information. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor’s experience at our site, showing them content and promotional offers that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. This information is shared with advertisers only on an aggregate basis. We may use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company and promotional material from HoopsVibe.com or some of our partners. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings in Personal Options.

 **Contests**  
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for HoopsVibe.com ID and password. We use contact data from our contests to send users information about upcoming contests and promotional offers. On occasion we will email customers promotional material from some of our partners. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary for winner notification and prize delivery confirmation. The majority of the contests that we offer are hosted on the HoopsVibe.com site; however, there may be cases in which a third party sponsor will host the contest and collect user information. In those cases, we urge users to review the privacy statement of the third party site. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings in Personal Options.

 **Newsletter  
** We offer a number of free newsletters to share content information about our site with interested users. Users may cancel their free email subscriptions by following the simple instructions at the bottom of each newsletter or email. [Click here](http://www.hoopsvibe.com/basketball-article-377.html) if you would like to sign-up for our newsletter.

 **Security  
** HoopsVibe.com utilizes a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. All user contact information is contained behind a "firewall" and only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to production systems. Passwords and credit card numbers are encrypted in HoopsVibe.com’s secure database, which is also located behind a firewall. All sensitive/credit information supplied by users is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted in HoopsVibe.com’s databases as stated above.   
If you choose to modify your personal information, you may do so by visiting the Member Services page. You will be required to submit a valid user ID and password for authentication before you will be able to modify your file. If you have forgotten your password or prefer to speak with a customer service representative to modify your personal information, you may contact customer service usimg our . You will be asked to provide your name or user ID and then to verify certain non-sensitive information (i.e. mother’s maiden name) in order to proceed. Because password and credit card information has been encrypted, it is completely invisible to any employee who accesses it, including our customer service team. If you desire to change your password, the customer service representative will reset to a new one after you have properly identified yourself.   
HoopsVibe.com’s technology department conducts frequent site security audits and employs a third party audit company to perform additional site security audits.

 **Personal Options**   
You have the following options to deactivate your information from HoopsVibe.com’s database. This will cease deployment of future communications and/or HoopsVibe.com’s services. You can send an email to Member Services using our [contact us form](http://www.hoopsvibe.com/basketball-article-4330.html). 

 **Third Party Advertising**   
We use MaxWorldwide and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp).

 **Third Party Cookies**  
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
