> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hootoo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111018142717id_/http%3A//www.hootoo.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice | HooToo.com

**Your Privacy Rights  
**HooToo.com is committed to helping you make the most of your time on our websites. A large part of helping you do this is by providing you a trusted environment where your privacy is maintained and your Personally Identifiable Information is kept secured. The following privacy policy discloses how we collect, protect, use, and share information gathered about you from our web sites. We hope this disclosure will increase your confidence in our website, products, and company. You acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of our Site Terms of Use, and by accessing or using our site, you agree to be bound by all of its terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site.

 **Personally Identifiable Information**  
In general, you can visit HooToo.com on the Internet without telling us who you are and without giving any Personally Identifiable Information about yourself. There are times, however, when we or our partners may need information from you.  
Personally Identifiable Information refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. When you engage in certain activities on this site, such as registering for a membership, ordering a product or service, submitting content and/or posting content in discussion forums or other public areas, entering a contest or sweepstakes, filling out a survey, or sending us feedback, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to elect to engage in these activities; however, we may ask that you provide us Personally Identifiable Information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), email address, employer, job title and department, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal identifying information. When ordering products or services on the site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.

 **Using and Sharing Personal Info**  
The following paragraphs describe in more detail how HooToo.com may use your Personally Identifiable Information and with whom we may share it. Depending on the type of HooToo.com Web site you are visiting, one or more of the paragraphs may apply. For example, if you order a product from a HooToo.com Web site, your information will be handled as described in such paragraphs as Fulfilling Your Transaction Request and Marketing Use.

 **Fulfilling Your Transaction Request**  
If you request something from a HooToo.com Web site, for example, a product or service, a callback, or specific marketing materials, we will use the information you provide to fulfill your request. To help us do this, we may share information, with others, for instance, other parts of HooToo.com, HooToo.com Business Partners, financial institutions, shipping companies, postal or government authorities (for example, Customs authorities) involved in fulfillment. In connection with a transaction we may also contact you as part of our customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes.

 **Marketing Use**  
Unless you tell us not to use your information, we may use your Personally Identifiable Information to contact you about offers or promotions from HooToo.com, HooToo.com affiliated companies or subsidiaries. Other than as set forth herein, we will not sell or lease your email address to third party advertisers to solicit you directly. However, HooToo.com may share Personally Identifiable Information (but never your email address) with our marketing partners in order for them to offer you additional products and services that HooToo.com believes may be of interest to you. Although we only work with third parties whom we believe to be reputable, our marketing partners may have different privacy policies and practices than HooToo.com. We encourage you to review our marketing partners' privacy policies to further understand their procedures for collecting, using and disclosing your information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our marketing partners or any other third parties. If you decide that you would like to discontinue receiving promotional materials from these or any third parties, please contact them directly.  
If at anytime you no longer wish to receive offers from HooToo.com, you may "unsubscribe" through this website or by using the unsubscribe option within any promotional offer. In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, you will be removed entirely from our email list and will no longer receive offers from us. If you have registered or submitted personally identifiable information under more than one email account, you must submit separate unsubscribe requests from each account.   
HooToo.com uses software and third-party sources to validate the accuracy of personally identifiable information provided and/or filter suspicious data. You may change, correct or update your information by contacting customer service through our “Contact Us” page. Changing or deleting your information or otherwise opting-out of receipt of communications from HooToo.com will change or delete the data only in our database for purposes of transacting future business on our sites and for managing future communications from HooToo.com. These changes and deletions will not change or delete information already collected as part of a particular transaction.

 **Information Security and Quality**  
HooToo.com intends to make every effort to protect the quality and integrity of your Personally Identifiable Information. We implement technical and organizational measures, such as encryption methodologies, to help us maintain your information securely and accurately.

 **Safe Shopping Guarantee**  
HooToo.com intends to make every effort to protect the integrity of your transaction. In addition to our secure encryption technologies we guarantee that every online transaction you make will be 100% safe. Our secure server software encrypts all of the information that you give, ensuring that your transactions with us stay private and secure. Every purchase you make at HooToo.com is backed by our security guarantee - if any unauthorized use of your credit card occurs as a result of your purchases with us, notify your credit card company in accordance with its rules and procedures. If, through no fault of your own, the credit card provider finds credit card fraud but does not completely waive your liability, HooToo.com will reimburse you for the remaining liability up to a maximum of US $50.00. This guarantee applies to credit card purchases made using HooToo.com’s secure server.

 **Cookies, Web Beacons, and other Technologies**  
We sometimes collect non-identifiable information from visits to our Web sites to help us provide better customer service. For example, we keep track of the domains from which people visit, and we also measure visitor activity on HooToo.com Web sites, but we do so in ways that keep the information non-identifiable. This anonymous information is sometimes known as "clickstream data." HooToo.com or others on HooToo.com’s behalf may use this data to analyze trends and statistics and to help us provide better customer service.  
Also, when we collect personal data from you in a transaction, we may extract some information about that transaction in a non-identifiable format and combine it with other non-identifiable information such as clickstream data. This information is used and analyzed, at an aggregate level only, to help us understand trends and patterns about our website. This information is not reviewed at an individual level. If you do not want your transaction details used in this manner you can disable your cookies.  
We collect the information we mentioned in the previous paragraphs through the use of various technologies, including one called "cookies". A cookie is a piece of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer but not you. Some HooToo.com pages use cookies, sent by HooToo.com or its third party vendors, or other technologies to better serve you when you return to the Web site. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, our web sites may not work properly.  
Some HooToo.com Web sites also use Web beacons or other technologies to better tailor those sites to provide better customer service. These technologies may be in use on a number of pages across HooToo.com Web sites. When a visitor accesses these pages, a non-identifiable notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by our suppliers. These Web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies. If you do not want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to turn off cookies.  
If you turn off cookies, Web beacon and other technologies will still detect visits to these pages, but the notices they generate cannot be associated with other non-identifiable cookie information and are disregarded. 

**Online Advertising**  
Certain companies help us deliver interactive on-line advertising such as banner ads. These companies may collect and use information about customers to help us to understand better the offers, promotions, and types of advertising that are most appealing to our customers. After it is collected the information is aggregated so it is not identifiable to a specific individual.

 **Disclosures Required by Law**  
Under certain circumstances, it is possible that Personally Identifiable Information may be subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders.

 **Privacy Technology**  
Technology will increasingly help give you more control over your Personally Identifiable Information. It will also help organizations to manage their privacy practices and policies. HooToo.com supports the development of privacy technologies to help achieve goals that create greater trust and confidence in the way Personally Identifiable Information is handled.

 **Links to Non HooToo.com Websites**  
HooToo.com Web sites may contain links to other Web sites. HooToo.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other Web sites.

 **Notification of Change**  
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by means including, but not limited to issuing an email to the email address listed by registered users, a notice posted on our Web site home page or via a posting on this page of the revised Policy on this page. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to maintain a valid email address as a registered user, review this site and this Policy periodically and to be aware of any modifications. Your continued use of the site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Policy.

 **Privacy Questions**  
If you have a question about this statement or you would like to modify your Personally Identifiable Information, you can contact our customer service department via the contact form on our “Contact us” page to the HooToo.com Web site coordinator. You can also contact us via postal mail at the below address if you have a question about HooToo.com’s handling of your information.
