> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the maybenow.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231075411id_/http%3A//www.maybenow.com/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Guide | MaybeNow

This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to your accessing, browsing, and using the maybenow Services available from and/or otherwise accessing the domain and sub-domains of www.maybenow.com which are owned and operated by maybenow ("maybenow.com", "us", "our" or "we") and all linked pages owned and operated by maybenow (collectively, the "Site"). This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into your Terms of Service Agreement. Your privacy and security are important to us. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will use and protect your personal information. We will never share your personal information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time, so please check back periodically. The date at the top of the Privacy Policy may be used as a reference point. 

I. TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU. 

**A. Information You Provide To Us.** We receive and store any information you enter on the Site or provide us in any other way. Among other things, this may include your first and last name, mailing and email addresses, telephone number, credit card number, user name, password, the email addresses you upload and comments you post about others. We also receive and store all content of the emails or correspondence you send to us or through the site. 

**B. Information Collected Through Technology.** We also receive and store different information gathered through technology. This may include information regarding your IP address, which browser you use to visit the site, the country, state and telephone area code where your sever is located and the number of and specific pages you viewed during your site. We may also keep the length of time you spend on the site on record. Some of this information is gathered through the following technologies: 

(1) Cookies. With the object of improving your experience on the Site, we may use cookies. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Generally, cookies function by assigning a unique number to your computer and one that actually has no meaning outside of the site. The Cookie is meant to identify your particular computer. Our cookies do not generally contain any personally identifiable information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but usually you can configure your browser to prevent this. Choosing to not accept cookies may make certain features of the Site unavailable to you. 

(2) IP Address. We may collect IP addresses automatically. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you begin service with an Internet Service Provider. Each time you access the Site and each time you request one of our pages, our server logs your IP address. Standing alone, your IP address is not necessarily personally identifiable. 

**C. About Children.** The maybenow Site is intended for use by individuals 14 and over and we never knowingly solicit, collect, store or disclose personal information from individuals who are under the age of 14. 

II. USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.

**A. Use of Personal Information and Non Personal Information.** We use the information that we collect, as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, in a variety of ways to make the Site function smoothly and to personalize your experience. Specific examples of how we use information that we collect, while not necessary exhaustive, are as follows: 

(1) System Administration. We use your IP Address for the purposes of system administration, to assist in diagnosing problems with our server, to monitor our system performance and the level of activity on the Site, to gather broad demographic information and/or to make it easier and more convenient for you to navigate and use the Site. 

(2) Personalization. We use cookies and IP Addresses to provide certain features that are personalized. We may also use cookies to assist us in delivering content specific to your interests, such as informing you of certain third party offerings. 

(3) Newsletters & Promotional Emails. We may offer free electronic newsletters and promotional emails for products and/or services offered on the Site as a service to users of the Site. We may use your personal information that we have collected to send you newsletters and emails periodically listing current specials and deals from us or through our third-party service partners. 

(4) Contact Information and Third-Party Data. If you contact us by any means, which may include by automated means through the Site, by telephone, email or letter, we may keep a record of your contact information, correspondence or comments. If you report a problem with the Site, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. In addition, if you provide us feedback through the Site, by email or by calling us, we may ask for your name and email address in order to send you a reply. If other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities on the Site, we may keep the information in a file specific to you. 

(5) Contests. From time to time we may have various contests available on the Site in accordance with the contest rules, and may collect your personal information in order to run the contest should you choose to enter. 

B. Disclosure of Personal Information. 

(1) General Rule. Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade or rent your personal information that is collected on the Site to others. We will, however, disclose your personal information to our third party service providers under certain circumstances. These third parties may not use your personal information other than to provide the services requested by us. For example, we will release your credit card number to complete and/or confirm payments you make on the Site. In addition, we may provide aggregated statistics about our users, sales, traffic patterns, and related Site information to third parties. We reserve the right to use or disclose in any manner information that is not personally identifiable. 

(2) Enforcement of Law and/or Terms of Service Agreement. From time to time, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to disclose your personal information. We will disclose such information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation, or when otherwise required by law to do so. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. Moreover, we may release account information and other personal information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Terms of Service Agreement or to protect the rights, property and safety of our users, others and ourselves. 

(3) Change in Control. We may disclose and ultimately transfer your personal information in the context of a business transaction involving the reorganization, acquisition or merger of our business or the sale of all or some of our assets provided that the personal information disclosed is required to be used for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy by the entity acquiring this information. In such event, after a reorganization, acquisition, merger or sale has occurred, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you (either by posting notice on the Site or by email to you at the last known email address) that such a business transaction has occurred. B. Retention of Personal Information. We will retain your personal information as long as is necessary to meet maybenow's business and legal requirements. 

III. OPTING-OUT

We may from time to time send you email or other communications regarding current promotions, specials and new additions to the Site. You may "opt out," or unsubscribe from our newsletters and non-transactional related emails and disclosures to third parties for promotional purposes by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us. 

IV. SAFEGUARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

**A. Our Security Measures.** We have put into place reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to help safeguard and prevent unauthorized access to, use and/or disclosure of your personal information. Although we use reasonable efforts to safeguard the security of your personal information, transmissions made on or through the Internet and personal information stored on our servers are vulnerable to attack and cannot be guaranteed to be secure. In addition, submissions made via e-mail are not protected by encryption and are vulnerable to interception during transmission. 

**B. Protecting Yourself.** You are solely responsible for safeguarding and maintaining the secrecy of your account, passwords and/or any account information in your possession or control, and it is important to keep us updated with your most current contact information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. The Site contains links to third parties who may collect information directly from you. Each of the websites linked from the Site may have separate privacy policies and data collection practices, independent of maybenow. maybenow has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites, nor does maybenow make any warranties or representations about the contents, products or services offered on such websites or the security of any information you provide to them. You may learn more about Internet privacy from government websites such as www.ftc.gov/privacy/. 

V. GENERAL

**A. Changes To Our Policy.** This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to any personal information collected on or after the effective date first set forth above. maybenow reserves the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any changes, we will update the Site and Privacy Policy to include such change and notice thereof. Please review this Privacy Policy often to review any changes that may affect your use of the Site. Your continued use of the Site once the revised Privacy Policy has been posted on the Site affirms your agreement to such changes. 

**B. Minors Policy.** It is our policy not to collect personal information from any person under 18 because such persons are not permitted to use the Site, and we request that anyone under the age of 18 not submit any personal information to us via the Site. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from anyone under 18, we will attempt to notify such minor's parent or guardian (if we have their contact information) and erase such personal information from our records. 

**C. Corrections and Access to Personal Information.** We are committed to ensuring that the personal information we hold for each registered user is accurate, up-to-date and complete. You have the right to access your personal information in our files and to update or remove that information as necessary, subject to any legal restrictions that would prohibit such action. To access your personal information, please contact our Privacy Compliance Officer by telephone, e-mail or post at the numbers and address provided below. Please be sure to specify what information requires updating or removal. Corrections will be made at no cost to you. For other requests, a small fee may be charged to cover the associated costs. We will endeavor to keep these fees as reasonable as possible and will alert you to the charge and amount prior to executing your request. In these instances, you will be given the opportunity to withdraw your request. 

**D. Contact Us.** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our Site, or your dealings with our Site, please contact us by sending us a message through the Contact Us link on the home page of the Site. 
