> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jobbatical.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606213704id_/https%3A//jobbatical.com/terms/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Jobbatical

We are Jobbatical (Jobbatical OÜ, registry code 12671900, address at Rajametsa 16, Tallinn, Republic of Estonia), an Estonian company dedicated in offering online services for short-term employment opportunities via our website jobbatical.com. We provide a marketplace connecting job seekers/employees to employers for short-term jobs. We enable posting and searching of personal profiles, job vacancies and other employment related opportunities. Hereby we determine and explain the purpose of the processing of the data and the persons to whom communication of the data is permitted, the conditions for communicating the data to third persons and your rights concerning further processing of your personal data.   
By joining Jobbatical, creating your account and accepting our Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy, you are giving us your permission to process your personal data pursuant to conditions of this Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. In case of any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please kindly contact us support@jobbatical.com.   
We process (including collect, store, save, distribute, compile, use, make available to, etc.) personal data submitted by you at the sign up and on your account. We do not collect any personal data about you which is made available outside our website.   
We collect and process the following personal data: name, date of birth, location, work experience, skills, education, contact information and e-mail address. You do not have to provide any other personal data which is not mentioned in our profile list on our website. Please take into account that some of the personal information may be sensitive personal data and therefore we ask you to think twice before you decide to make it available.   
We collect and process job seekers` personal data for the purpose of matching up to employers across the globe for short term jobs. Upon job seekers` separate consent we forward data to the employers to enable to decide whether the job seeker is the one they are looking for. We may also use the personal data such as contact details to resolve any service quality issues between us.   
We use your personal information to create a profile of you. The profile-making process is not an automated decision which results in legal consequences for you or significantly affects the data about you. As a job seeker you agree that we may assess your skills, experiences, current location or other characteristics and express our preferences to the employers. Upon your separate consent we may provide your profile to an employer even if you are not applying for the vacant position. We may help the employers with pre-selection of possible employees during which we may add to your profile some comments on why we feel that you are the best for this position. However, the final decision is always made by the employer. We do not interview you nor do we conduct any background research. All the data you make available on your account shall be available to potential employers as it is provided by you.   
If you make your social media profiles available on your Jobbatical account, we assure that we do not store, compile or analyze your social media data, unless you have authorized us to do so. We are not processing your social media data and it is your own responsibility to clarify any social media data misuse or misinterpretation.   
Personal data is disclosed only to employers who have joined Jobbatical. Profile and other personal information is not available to the public and it is not allowed to index the data by search engines such as Google. We are happy to provide you your personal data report. Please contact our support at support@jobbatical.com to request this report.   
For the purposes of improving your user experience when using Jobbatical services, some of your personal data is disclosed to web analytic service and applicant tracking system (ATS) software providers. Web analytic service providers analyze your use of the Jobbatical web platform and services so we could improve and amend the way our website and platform function. Applicant tracking system is a software application that allows an organization to collect and store candidate and job related data and track and monitor the process of candidates through all stages of the hiring process. At the moment of accepting these Terms and Conditions, personal data is transferred to following web analytic service and ATS software providers:   
**Segment.io, Inc.** , address at 101 15th St, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA, e-mail address legal@segment.com, for further information please also see <https://segment.com/docs/legal/terms/>;   
**Mixpanel, Inc.** , address at 405 Howard St, Floor 2, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA, e-mail address support@mixpanel.com, for further information please also see <https://mixpanel.com/terms/>;   
**Salesmachine, Inc.** , address in Delaware, USA, e-mail address support@salesmachine.io, for further information please also see <https://www.salesmachine.io/terms>;   
**The Rocket Science Group, LLC / MailChimp** , address in Georgia, USA, e-mail address privacy@mailchimp.com, for further information please also see <http://mailchimp.com/legal/terms/>.   
**Greenhouse Software, Inc.** , address at 110 Fifth Avenue, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10011, USA, e-mail address info@greenhouse.io, for further information please also see <https://www.greenhouse.io/legal>.   
By accepting our Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy you therefore also understand and agree that upon disclosing your personal data to web analytic service and ATS software providers, some of your personal data is transferred to and processed outside the European Economic Area. In case of any question about the transfer of your personal data to web analytic service and ATS software providers, please contact our support at support@jobbatical.com.   
We will not disclose your personal data to any other third parties or public authorities, except if the person requesting data has a legal basis for doing so pursuant to applicable law.   
Only authorized employees of Jobbatical have access to the personal data and they may access the data only for the purpose of resolving issues associated with the use of our services.   
Pursuant to applicable law we may transfer, process and store personal data in reputable and sufficient cloud databases that are located outside of Estonia and European Union. We reserve ourselves the right to change the cloud service provider at any time without prior notice.   
**Direct marketing and newsletters**   
We only use your e-mail address to send notifications regarding certain actions on your account or to suggest jobs that match your profile. If you no longer wish to receive these job suggestions, please click the “Unsubscribe” link in the footer of our e-mail.   
**Cookies**   
As you browse jobbatical.com website we may place anonymous cookies on your computer, and use similar technologies, in order to understand your interests based on your (anonymous) online activities, and thus to tailor more relevant ads to you. If you do not wish to receive such tailored advertising, you can visit this page to opt out of most companies that engage in such advertising. 
