> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jobcase.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170625193322id_/https%3A//www.jobcase.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Our Privacy Policy | Jobcase

## Introduction

This privacy policy (this “Policy”) covers the Jobcase mobile app, the web site www.jobcase.com and the other web sites operated under the domain name jobcase.com (the “Site”) collectively referred to as “Jobcase,” and the services provided thereon (the “Services”) and is applicable to all information about you or the company or other entity you represent (“you” or “your”) collected through Jobcase. 

This Policy describes the types of information that Jobcase, Inc. (“we”, “us” or “our”) gathers from you and the other people who use Jobcase (the “Users”), how we may use that information and how you can contact us regarding this Policy and your personal information.

**Changes to Policy.** We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, so please review Jobcase frequently for any changes. Amendments to this Policy will be posted on the Site and will be effective when posted. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted, the changes to any amended or revised Policy by your continued access or use of our services or Jobcase.

**Your Consent.** Please read this entire Policy carefully before using Jobcase or providing us with any information. When you access or use Jobcase, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Policy. By providing personal information to Jobcase, all Users fully understand and consent to the collection, use and processing of such information by Jobcase or third parties as set forth herein. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use Jobcase.

Maintaining your trust is our top priority, so we adhere to the following principles to protect your privacy:

  * We protect your personally identifiable information and will only provide it to third parties: (1) with your consent; (2) where it is necessary to carry out your instructions; (3) as reasonably necessary in order to provide our features and functionality to you; (4) when we reasonably believe it is required by law, subpoena or other legal process; or (5) as necessary to enforce our Terms of Use available at https://www.jobcase.com/terms_of_use (“Terms of Use”) or protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our Members and Site visitors, and the public.
  * We have implemented appropriate security safeguards designed to protect your information in accordance with industry standards.



## What Information We Collect

**Registration.** To create an account on Jobcase, you must provide us with at least your name, email address and/or mobile number, and a password and agree to our Terms of Use and this Policy, which governs how we treat your information. You may provide additional information during the registration flow (for example: your postal code, job title and company) to help you build your profile and to provide you more customized Services (for example: language-specific profile pages, updates, content, more relevant ads and career opportunities). You understand that, by creating an account, we and others will be able to identify you by your Jobcase profile. We may also ask for your credit card details if you purchase certain additional Services.

## Personally Identifiable Information

Jobcase collects personally identifiable information from our Users at several different points on Jobcase, including, without limitation, when Users provide it to us by (i) contacting us through email, (ii) registering for use of Jobcase or (iii) submitting information through any forms, interactive features or Services available on Jobcase.

Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, mailing or billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card or other payment method information or any other information which might reasonably be used to identify you individually. When other information is directly associated with personally identifiable information, this other information becomes personally identifiable information for purposes of this Policy. We collect this personally identifiable information when you, at any point, manually enter it into any online form available on Jobcase or voluntarily submit it to us in another manner. We may also store your personally identifiable information in our systems for use in other ways as described in this Policy.

In order for you to take full advantage of Jobcase you may be asked to voluntarily provide your personally identifiable information to us. You may choose not to provide us with your personally identifiable information by simply not entering it on Jobcase or not otherwise providing it to us. While you still will have access to Jobcase even if you do not provide us with your personally identifiable information, you should understand that you will not be able to use certain of the Services or features available through Jobcase that require you to enter your personally identifiable information in order to function.

**Profile Information.** After you create an account, you may choose to provide additional information on your Jobcase profile, such as descriptions of your skills, work experience, and educational background. You can list honors, awards, training, networking objectives, companies or individuals that you follow, and other information including content. Subject to the settings you choose, your connections may provide recommendations and endorsements of you. Providing additional information enables you to derive more benefit from our Services by helping you express your unique skills, find other opportunities and information and help recruiters and business opportunities find you. It also enables us to serve you ads and other relevant content on and off of our Services.

**Customer Service.** When you contact our customer support team, we may have to access your contributions to our Services and collect the information we need to categorize your question, respond to it, and, if applicable, investigate any breach of our Terms of Use or this Policy. We also use this information to track potential problems and trends and customize our support responses to better serve you.

**Using Third-Party Services and Visiting Third-Party Sites.** This Policy applies only to the Site and Services. The Site or Services may contain links to or otherwise interact with other websites or products not operated or controlled by us, including without limitation any payment processor (the “Third Party Sites”), including third party add-ons, applications and other software that could track your usage or collect personal information. The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. If you decide to access any Third Party Sites or use services provided by any Third Party Sites, you do so at your own risk and your disclosure of your personal information on Third Party Sites is governed solely by the applicable Third Party Site’s policies. We suggest contacting those third parties directly for information on their privacy policies. 

You allow us to receive information when you use your account to log in to a third-party web site or application. You also allow us to receive information about your visits and interaction with the sites and services of our partners that include our cookies and similar technologies, unless you opt out. You allow us to receive information when you send payment or receive refunds through our third-party payment processors for certain Services.

**Address Book and Other Services That Sync with Jobcase.** You may use our address book or “contacts” importer (or other similar features) to upload your address book into our Services. We store this information (including phone numbers) and use it to help you manage and leverage your contacts in connection with our Services. We also use this information to enhance your experience with our Services: for example, providing a template to send invitations on your behalf to your contacts. We may also use this information to show you other Members with whom you share the same uploaded contacts.

Please note that when you send an invitation to another individual on our Service or to join our Service, that person may have access to your email address or, for SMS invitations, mobile number because it may be displayed in the invitation. After sending these invitations, we may also remind your invitees of your invitation on your behalf.

We make other tools available to sync information with our Services, and may also develop additional features that allow Members to use their account in conjunction with other third-party services.

Any information that you upload or sync with our Services is covered by the Terms of Use and this Policy.

**Non-Personal Information.** If you do not input or otherwise submit any of your personally identifiable information, then the information we collect from you is limited. For example, we log your Internet protocol (“IP”) address in order to help us diagnose problems with our server, administer Jobcase and track usage statistics. Your IP address may vary each time you visit, or it may be the same, depending on whether you access Jobcase through an always-on type of Internet connection (such as cable or DSL), or through a dial-up connection. We match IP addresses to completed User registration forms for validation and error checking purposes. If you reached the Site by clicking on a link or ad from another site, then we may also log that information. This helps us maximize our Internet exposure and to understand the interests of our Users. In general, this information is used to generate overall anonymous reports on our Users that enable us to improve the effectiveness of Jobcase.

**Log Files, IP Addresses, and Information About Your Computer and Mobile Device.** When you visit or leave our Services (whether as a Member or Site visitor) by clicking a hyperlink or when you view a third-party site that includes our plugin or cookies (or similar technology), we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came or the one to which you are directed. Also, advertisers receive the URL of the page that you are on when you click an ad on or through our Services. We also receive the IP address of your computer or the proxy server that you use to access the Internet, your computer operating system details, your type of web browser, your mobile device (including your mobile device identifier provided by your mobile device operating system), your mobile operating system (if you are accessing Jobcase using a mobile device), and the name of your Internet service provider or your mobile carrier. We may also receive location data passed to us from third-party services or GPS-enabled devices that you have set up, which we use to show you local information on our mobile applications and for fraud prevention and security purposes. Most mobile devices allow you to prevent real time location data being sent to us, and of course we will honor your settings.

## Cookie Policy

We often place a small file known as a “cookie” on your computer's hard drive. A cookie may contain information that allows us to track your path through Jobcase and to determine whether you have visited us before. However, unless you provide us with personally identifiable information, the cookies will not contain any information that would allow us to personally identify you. If you do provide personally identifiable information to us, the cookie is tied to this information so that our systems will recognize you each time you use Jobcase. In that way, we can save your preferences from visit to visit and present you with a customized version of Jobcase, without requiring you to log into Jobcase every time you visit. Our cookies cannot be used to read data from your hard drive and cannot retrieve information from any other cookies created by other sites. We use cookies in this manner to help us understand how Users use Jobcase, and to help us to improve Jobcase. You may refuse to accept a cookie from us by following the procedures for rejecting cookies specific to your web browser.

We also use Google Analytics for Display Advertisers to help analyze how users use the site and remarket the users with customized Ads. We utilize the User ID feature of Google Analytics to associate your sessions, and activities in those sessions, across your devices. You can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers and customized Google Display Network ads by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager.

If you visit the web site of a third party by clicking on an external link on Jobcase, they may also use cookies on their web site. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This Policy covers the use of cookies by Jobcase only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or other third parties.

## User Activity Tracking

We employ software technology that enables us to track certain aspects of a User's visit to Jobcase. This technology helps us better manage content on Jobcase by informing us what content is effective. The software uses two methods to track User activity: 1) “trackers” and 2) “clear gifs.” Trackers are pieces of executable code that are embedded in a website that track usage activity including which pages are viewed, when they are viewed, and how long the pages are viewed. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with unique identifiers which are embedded in websites and emails that track whether or not a User has viewed a particular page or email. User activity information may be associated with additional information about a User's session, such as IP Address and the type of browser used, and personally identifiable information, if provided by the User.

If you arrive at the Site by “clicking through” from another web site, and you have registered with that other web site, then certain information about you that you provided to that other web site, such as the terms you were searching on that led you to the Site, may be transmitted to us and we may use it as described in this Policy. You should review the privacy policy of any web site from which you reached the Site in order to determine what information was collected by that web site and for what purpose(s) you agreed that web site could use that information. We may or may not retain that information; if we do, then we may use it in accordance with this Policy. This information may or may not be associated with other User activity data or personally identifiable information.

**Advertising Technologies and Web Beacons.** We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Site visitors and other Users both on and off of our Services through a variety of ad networks and ad exchanges, using the following, whether separately or combined:

  * Advertising technologies on and off of our Services, like web beacons, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and mobile identifiers as permitted by mobile platforms;
  * Member-provided profile and contact information and categories (for example: “product managers in Texas”);
  * Information inferred from a Member‘s profile (for example: using job titles to infer age, industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; or names to infer gender);
  * Your use of our Services (for example: your search history, which pages you visit, your clicking on a Jobcase ad, etc.) and log files generated as described in the Log Files Section;
  * Information from 3rd parties (for example: advertising partners, publishers and data aggregators) which we use in addition to the information from our cookies (and similar technologies), your profile and use of our Services.



We may share your personal information with any third-party advertisers or ad networks for advertising. Note that your profile is visible to other Members and through public search depending on your settings. Also, advertising partners may associate personal information collected by the advertiser directly from you with our cookies and similar technologies. In such instances, we contractually require such advertisers to obtain your explicit opt-in consent before doing so.

## How We Use the Information We Collect

We may use the information (whether or not personally identifiable) that you provide to us to, among other things:

  * Make your next use of Jobcase more personalized.
  * Process or complete transactions requested by you.
  * Contact you regarding administrative issues, such as questions about your specific request, or otherwise respond to your comments or requests.
  * E-mail information and offers to you.
  * Mail information and offers to you.
  * Make telephone calls and send text messages to you with information and offers.
  * Provide your information to third parties to fulfill services you have requested or that may be of interest to you.
  * Compile anonymous statistical information and analysis.
  * Provide compiled anonymous information to third parties.
  * Provide, sell, or rent your information to third parties for advertising purposes.
  * Permit you to access certain web-based programs or applications on Jobcase.
  * Help administer and protect the security of Jobcase.
  * Facilitate the processing by third parties of payment for online purchases or other transactions.
  * Prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraud, security breaches, and potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
  * Enforce this Policy, our Terms of Use, and our other policies.



You should be aware that any personal information that is voluntarily posted by you to a public area of Jobcase (for example: a message board) may be viewed and used by other Users.

**Consent to Jobcase Processing Information About You.** The personal information that you provide to us may reveal or allow others to identify aspects of your life that are not expressly stated on your profile (for example: your picture or your name may reveal your gender). By providing personal information to us when you create or update your account and profile, you are expressly and voluntarily accepting the terms and conditions of our Terms of Use and freely accepting and agreeing to our processing of your personal information in ways set out by this Policy. Supplying to us any information deemed “sensitive” by applicable law is entirely voluntary on your part. You can withdraw or modify your consent to our collection and processing of the information you provide at any time, in accordance with the terms of this Policy and the Terms of Use, by changing your account settings or your profile on Jobcase or by closing your Jobcase accounts.

**Jobcase Communications.** We communicate with you through email, notices posted on the Jobcase web sites or apps, and other means available through the Services, including mobile text messages and push notifications. Examples of these communications include: (1) welcome and engagement communications - informing you about how to best use our Services, new features, updates about other Members you are connected to and their actions, etc.; (2) service communications - these will cover service availability, security, and other issues about the functioning of our Services; (3) promotional communications - these include email and may contain promotional information directly or on behalf of our partners, including job opportunities and information from companies that are hiring. These messages will be sent to you based on your profile information and messaging preferences. You may change your email and contact preferences at any time by signing into your account and changing your Jobcase email settings. You can also opt out of promotional messages by sending a request to our Help Center.

Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us.

## Communications From Us

We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will contact you either through email, telephone, postal mail or through the Service.

When it is necessary to do so, we will send you service-related announcements, primarily via email. For example, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we may send you an email. Generally, you may not opt out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account by emailing info@jobcase.com.

## SMS Service

We may make available a Service either directly or through third parties by which you can receive messages on your wireless device via short message service (“SMS Service”). Your provider's standard data and messaging rates apply to all SMS correspondence. All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. You represent that you are 18 years of age and the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.

Program subscribers may opt out of the SMS Service by replying with the keyword “STOP”, “END”, or “QUIT” to the SMS text message received or use the convenient Mobile Unsubscribe link on this Site. This process impacts only the future delivery of our SMS message offering and will not unsubscribe you from other SMS programs to which you may have subscribed. Program subscribers may receive assistance for the SMS Service by replying with the keyword “HELP” to the message received.

Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS Service may include your name, address, cell phone number, your provider's name, and the date, time, and content of your messages. The use of this information will be in accordance with the Terms of Use and Policy. If fees are charged to your wireless account invoice, Jobcase may provide your carrier with your applicable information in connection therewith. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies. You acknowledge and agree that the SMS Service is provided via wireless systems which use radios (and other means) to transmit communications over complex networks. We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages, as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator. SMS message services are provided on an AS IS basis. We are not responsible for incomplete, lost, late, damaged, illegible or misdirected mobile messages or for any technical problems, malfunctions of any telephone lines, computer systems, servers, providers, hardware/software, lost or unavailable network connections or failed, incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmission or any combination thereof. We are not responsible for any liability for damage to any computer system resulting from participation in or accessing or downloading information in connection with this program. We assumes no responsibility for undeliverable mobile messages resulting from any form of active or passive mobile filtering by a user's mobile provider or for insufficient space in user's mobile phone account to messages. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to cancel or suspend Jobcase should a virus, bugs, or other causes beyond our control corrupt the administration, security or proper operation of the program. We do not guarantee that your use of the SMS Service will be private or secure, and Jobcase are not liable to you for any lack of privacy or security you may experience. You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the SMS Service.

**User Communications.** Many communications that you initiate through our Services (for example: an invitation sent to a non-Member) will list your name and primary email address in the header of the message. Messages you initiate may also provide the recipient with aggregate information about your network (for example: how many people are in your network). Other communications that you initiate through the Services, like a request for an introduction, will list your name as the initiator but will not include your personal email address contact information. Once you have connected with an individual, regardless of who sent the invitation, your contact information will be shared with that individual.

**Service Development; Customized Experience.** We use information and content that you and other Members provide to us to conduct research and development for the improvement of our Services in order to provide you and other Members and Users with a better, more intuitive experience and drive membership growth and engagement on our Services and to help connect professionals to economic opportunity.

We also customize your experience and the experiences of others on our Services. For example, when you sign in to your account, we may display the names and photos of new Members who have recently joined your network or recent updates from your connections and companies you follow. We try to show you content, such as news and presentations, that is relevant to you, your industry, or your profession. We also use Members information and content for invitations and communications promoting our Services that are tailored to the recipient.

**Sharing Information with Affiliates.** We may share your personal information with our affiliates (meaning entities controlled by, controlling or under common control with us) as reasonably necessary to provide the Services. You are consenting to this sharing. We may combine information internally across different Services that we offer.

**Sharing Information with Third Parties.** We offer a “public profile” feature that allows you as a Member to publish portions of your profile to the public Internet. This public profile will be indexed and displayed through public search engines when someone searches for your name. You may choose the parts of your profile that search engines index or completely opt out of this feature in your Jobcase account settings. However, third-party search engines may not automatically update their caches, which may contain old public profile information. Unless you delete them, your profiles on the Site are always viewable on the respective Services.

The visibility of your professional profile to other Members depends on your degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their usage of the Services, access channels and search types (for example: by name or by keyword).

We do not rent or sell personal information that you have not posted on our Services, except as described in this Privacy Policy.

We may disclose any of your personal information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is permitted by law or is reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with a legal requirement or process, including, but not limited to, civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders or other compulsory disclosures; (2) enforce this Policy or our Terms of Use; (3) respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties; (4) respond to Member service inquiries; or (5) protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our Services, our Members, Users, or the public.

We support “middleware” providers that offer archiving solutions to firms subject to legal and regulatory archiving requirement.

We may establish subsidiaries or other related companies, merge with or be acquired by another company, or sell substantially all of our assets (including substantially all assets to which other of our agreements relate) to another company. If that happens, we may disclose to them your personally identifiable information, in which case we will request them to abide by this Policy. We may also disclose some personally identifiable information to a potential acquirer.

Third parties (for example: your email provider) may give you the option to upload certain information in your contacts stored with us onto their own service. If you choose to share your contacts in this way, you will be granting your third party provider the right to store, access, disclose and use your these contacts in the ways described in such third party's terms and privacy policy.

**Payment Processors.** We may disclosure your personal information to third-party payment processors to prevent detect, mitigate, and investigate potentially illegal acts, fraud and/or security breaches and to assess and manage risk, including to alert you if fraudulent activities have been detected in your accounts; provide customer services, including to help service your account or resolve disputes; facilitate the processing of payment and related services you purchased.

## Consent to the Use of Third Party Providers

Please understand that we may contract with third parties to provide various services to Jobcase relating to Jobcase on an outsourced basis rather than performing those services ourselves. For example, we may (i) contract with an email provider to handle the distribution of email messages to Users, (ii) contract with a web site hosting provider to host Jobcase for us or (iii) contract with a third party to provide call center services to facilitate communication in connection with our services. We may also contract with various validation services to confirm contact information you provide. By using Jobcase, all Users consent to us providing all information (whether or not personally identifiable) received or collected from those Users to such third-party providers for the purpose of enabling the third-party provider to provide these outsourced services to us. In addition, all Users consent to the collection, maintenance, and processing of their information (whether or not personally identifiable) by us and these third-party providers.

We will share information provided by Users (whether or not personally identifiable) with certain third parties in our network so that they can contact you with information about the Services in which you have expressed interest. In order to provide the Services available to you on this Site, we may also supplement your information (whether or not personally identifiable) with information from third-party sources with whom we have contracted for the purpose of verifying the contact information you have provided. You have the option not to have your information shared with third parties by not requesting these Services.

We may also share information about Users (whether or not personally identifiable) with third parties so that we can offer you a broader range of services and information to meet your needs. If you would prefer not to have your information shared with third parties, you may opt out by emailing info@jobcase.com.

Further, by registering on this Site, you agree that your registration constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of telemarketing laws, and notwithstanding that your telephone and/or cell number may be listed with the federal Do-Not-Call Registry you expressly opt-in to: (a) receive an offer or service from one or more of our partners or affiliates; (b) receive future information about products and services from us, our partners, affiliates and other third parties to whom we may provide your information; (c) permit us, our partners, affiliates and other third parties to contact you pursuant to the business relationship we have established using the information you provided to us for any purpose such as contacting you by email address, phone and/or mobile phone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message or any means of communication for any purpose that, among other things, your wireless device may be capable of receiving (for example: mms, video etc. ). You may revoke authorization for us to contact you by such means at any time (see the SMS Service section above and the Opting Out; Access to Collected Information below).

**Surveys & Contests.** From time to time, we may request personally identifiable information from Users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary, and the User therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose personally identifiable information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be shared with the contest or survey sponsors to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of Jobcase. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, these intermediaries will not use the Users' personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.

**Polls and Surveys.** Polls and surveys may be conducted by us, Members, or third parties. Some third parties may target advertisements to you on the results page based on your answers in the poll. We or third parties may follow up with you via email or messages delivered through our Services. We may use third parties to deliver incentives to you to participate in surveys or polls. If the delivery of incentives requires your contact information, you may be asked to provide personal information to the third party fulfilling the incentive offer, which will be used only for the purpose of delivering incentives and verifying your contact information. It is up to you whether you provide this information, or whether you desire to take advantage of an incentive. Your consent to use any personal information for the purposes set forth in the poll or survey will be explicitly requested by the party conducting it. We are a member of the Council of American Survey Research Organizations (“CASRO”) and abide by CASRO guidelines for market research. You may opt out of participating in surveys by changing your settings to stop receiving these inquiries and requests.

**Search.** You can search for Members, employment opportunities, information about companies, and community content from Groups on our Services. For example, you can find Members with particular expertise or experience or Members that you may know from your industry or profession. You can also find employment opportunities and information about companies. You can also find content from Groups. We use personal information from our Services, including Member profiles, Groups content, and company Location pages, to inform and refine our search service.

**Testimonials and Advertisements Placed Through Jobcase Ads.** If you provide any testimonials about our goods or services or place advertisements through the ads, we may post those testimonials and examples of advertisements you place in connection with our promotion of these services to third parties. Testimonials and advertisements may include your name and other personal information that you have provided.

**Talent Recruiting, Marketing, and Sales Solutions.** We may offer customized people-search functionality along with organizational and communications tools (including activity alerts) as part of our talent recruiting, marketing and sales solutions. These services allow subscribers - generally, enterprises and professional organizations - to export limited information from Members’ public profiles, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and location, in order to effectively manage candidate sourcing. We do not provide email or other contact information to these subscribers. However, if you post that information as part of your profile it will be available to them and others. A recruiter or other such subscriber may also manage and store information it has independently obtained about you outside of our Services, such as a resume, in connection with our platform. Any personal information obtained independently of our Services will not be added by us to your profile and is not under our control, but is subject to the policies of our recruiting, marketing or sales solution subscriber. We store such information on behalf of such subscriber who can remove it at any time. We do not further process such information.

**Pages for Companies, Schools, and Other Entities.** Certain pages on the Services are public (for example: company and college pages), and any communications or information shared through them will be accessible by the entity that created them. If you “follow” a person or organization, you will be listed among its followers, which can be viewed by others including the page owner. We use aggregate information about followers and viewers to provide data about such pages’ performance (for example: visits and updates).

## Your Choices and Obligations

**Rights to Access, Correct, or Delete Your Information, and Closing Your Account.** You have a right to (1) access, modify, correct, or delete your personal information controlled by us regarding your profile, (2) change or remove your content, and (3) close your account. You can request your personal information that is not viewable on your profile or readily accessible to you (for example, your IP access logs) through our customer service. If you close your account(s), your information will generally be promptly removed from the Services.

Please note: Information you have shared with others (for example: network updates, content sharing) or that others have copied may also remain visible after you have closed your account or deleted the information from your own profile. In addition, you may not be able to access, correct, or eliminate any information about you that other Members copied or exported out of our Services because this information may not be in our control. Your public profile may be displayed in search engine results until the search engine refreshes its cache.

**Data Retention.** We retain the personal information you provide while your account is in existence or as needed to provide you services. We may retain your personal information even after you have closed your account if retention is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes between Members, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce this Policy and our Terms of Use Agreement. We may retain personal information, for a limited period of time, if requested by law enforcement. Our Customer Service team may retain information for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis only, but we generally delete or de-personalize closed account data consistent with this Policy.

**Opting Out; Access to Collected Information.** This Policy describes our uses of your information. If you do not agree to our uses of your personally identifiable information as we have described in this Policy, you are not required to provide that information to us. In addition, if we send emails to you, you may opt out of receiving non-administrative emails from us simply by responding to the opt-out link provided on all email communications from Jobcase. You may review, update and delete any personal information that you have provided to us through this Site by emailing [info@jobcase.com](mailto:info@jobcase.com).

## Important Information

**Minimum Age.** As described in the Terms of Use, persons must be of minimum age to use Jobcase.

## Jobcase Policy Regarding Children Under the Age of 13

Jobcase complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). COPPA requires that web site operators never knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we discover personal data from a child under the age of 13, we will eliminate that data.

You are not permitted to use Jobcase if you are under the age of 13. By using Jobcase, you agree to provide us with accurate information concerning your age or identity if we request it. You also agree not to assist children under the age of 13 in accessing Jobcase or to attempt to contact children under 13 through Jobcase.

**California’s Shine the Light Law.** California Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge. Under Section 1798.83, we currently do not share any personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.

**Security.** Jobcase will take reasonable measures to secure the personally identifiable information Users provide to us. However, Jobcase cannot guaranty the security of any information you submit to us and you do so at your own risk. All personally identifiable information is protected by password and accessible only to authorized Jobcase personnel. However, there is a possibility that Internet transmissions containing a User's personally identifiable information may be intercepted by others. There is no way for us to ensure the privacy of User information before it arrives at Jobcase or after it leaves Jobcase.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Policy please contact us via e-mail at info@jobcase.com.

Email

  * To opt out and unsubscribe from email communications: send an email to info@jobcase.com with “unsubscribe” in the subject line
  * To cancel or correct your personal information: send an email with your User Name and the notice “My User Information” in the subject line to info@jobcase.com
  * To express or ask questions regarding privacy concerns: send an email to info@jobcase.com



Address:  
Jobcase  
Attn: Member Services Team  
201 Broadway  
Suite 7  
Cambridge, MA 02139 
