> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jobdig.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190417102549id_/https%3A//www.linkup.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Resources | LinkUp Job Search Engine

By registering with JobDig, Inc. dba LinkUp (“LinkUp”) or using its websites ([www.jobdig.com](http://www.jobdig.com/) or [www.linkup.com](https://web.archive.org/)), you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Information We Collect Automatically. If you merely browse through our websites or download information, our servers will automatically collect certain information from you. This information includes the: (a) name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; (b) the browser software and operating system you use; and (c) the websites and search engines that have referred visitors to our website. We will use the information that we automatically collect to manage and improve our website to make it as useful as possible for our visitors. LinkUp may also aggregate visitor data to analyze user patterns and generate site statistics. None of the information we automatically collect is tied to personal information you may provide to us. 

Information You Choose to Provide to Us. LinkUp gathers and retains personal information about you only when voluntarily submitted by you. For example, if you choose to register on one of our websites, we collect your name and the email address you provide. If you set up Job Alerts, LinkUp will retain the job parameters you submit in order to notify you via email when new relevant job listings become available. You can unsubscribe from any of your existing Job Alerts at any time by going to the Job Alerts page or clicking on the ‘Delete’ link within the email. When you conduct a job search as a registered user, LinkUp saves your job search history. In addition, LinkUp's Saved Jobs feature allows you to bookmark your favorite jobs so you can access and apply to them at a later time. After you have saved a job, you can review your Saved Jobs any time and be notified when a job has been closed by an employer.

Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties. LinkUp will not sell, rent, or give away the personal information you provide to us to any third party. In addition, we will not disclose the personal information you provide to us without your consent, except (a) as required by subpoenas, court order, legal process, or other legal obligations and to exercise our legal rights or defend against claims, (b) to our independent contractors who host and maintain our website and e-mail services, (c) to service providers or suppliers if the disclosure will enable that party to perform business, professional, or technical support for us, or (d) to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or as otherwise required by law.

Emails from LinkUp. By registering your email address with LinkUp, you give LinkUp permission to send you information by email. Such information may include notifications of system status, new job opportunities, career information, or other information that may interest you.  If you do not wish to receive communications from LinkUp, you may unsubscribe at any time.

Links to Other Web Sites. Our websites link to external websites. If you click a link to an external website, you will leave the linkup.com or jobdig.com website and will be subject to the privacy and security policies of that third party website. LinkUp is not responsible for the information practices or privacy policies of websites operated by third parties. LinkUp uses certain third party social media websites, such as Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn, as additional means of reaching the public and directing job seekers and other visitors to the resources on our webpages. As noted above, this Privacy Policy does not apply to these third party social media websites and therefore you should familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of the social media sites you use.

Children. LinkUp’s websites are not directed at children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from or about children under the age of 13.

Information Security. The security of your personal information is important to LinkUp. We have implemented reasonable security measures and use generally accepted standards to protect information from unauthorized use and disclosure, however no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Policy Changes. LinkUp reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If LinkUp changes the manner in which it uses or retains the personal information you provide to us, we will update this Privacy Policy.

## Cookies

LinkUp uses cookies to manage our websites (jobdig.com and linkup.com) and email programs. Any browser visiting these sites will receive cookies from us. We do not use cookies to collect or store personal information. A cookie is a small file placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are used to store non-personal information to manage your website experience. A cookie can also store preference information to customize your website experience. LinkUp uses cookies to passively collect certain information, including your Internet protocol address, browser type, domain names, access times, and operating system.  These cookies help us understand how our websites are used so we can design better services in the future.

LinkUp uses two types of cookies: persistent cookies and session cookies. A persistent cookie helps us recognize you as an existing user, so it's easier to return to LinkUp or interact with our services. A persistent cookie stays in your browser for a predetermined period of time and will be read by LinkUp when you return to one of our sites. Session cookies only last for as long as the session (usually the current visit to a website or a browser session). LinkUp uses cookies for all users to track site activity anonymously.

You can delete cookies that are already on your computer and you can adjust your web browser to disable cookies to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work. LinkUp may not be able to provide you with all the service or functionality you require on the LinkUp website if you choose to disable cookies.
