> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jobsiit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151206102044id_/http%3A//www.jobsiit.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

Privacy Policy Eduangels (jobsiit.com) is committed to protecting the privacy of our candidates, clients and other users of our websites and services. Where you provide us with your personal information, in person, by email, through this website, we will endeavour to ensure that such information remains private and is only used in accordance with this policy. By providing us with your personal information, you also consent for us to collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this policy. Eduangels (jobsiit.com) must comply with the applicable privacy laws and similar laws in the countries in which we operate.

**1\. Collection of Personal Information**  
Eduangels may collect your personal information from you, including (without limitation) your name, contact details, qualifications, work history, your right to work in a particular country, languages spoken, professional memberships and accreditations, your work objectives and other information from your CV. If you are to be considered for a particular position, we may also collect references from your nominated referees. All the personal information we collect is held, used and disclosed for the purposes set out below.

**2\. Use and Disclosure of Personal Information**  
Eduangels holds, uses and discloses your personal information for the following purposes:  
(a) to provide our services to you;  
(b) to maintain our business relationship, where you are a user of our website, a client or candidate;  
(c) to enable you to submit your CV generally, to apply for specific jobs or to subscribe to our Job Alerts;  
(d) to match your coded details with job vacancies, to assist us in finding a position that is most suitable for you and, where you provide your prior consent as a candidate, to send your personal information to clients in order to apply for jobs;  
(e) to answer your inquiry;  
(f) to direct-market products and services, advise you of news and industry updates, events, promotions and competitions, reports and other information. Where we do so, you will be able to unsubscribe from such communications;  
(g) to trusted third parties where we have retained them to provide services that you have requested, such as psychometric evaluations or skills tests, and who also provide services to us, such as professional advisers, IT consultants, mailing houses and function co-ordinators. These third parties must comply with similar undertakings of privacy and confidentiality as Eduangels;  
(h) if Eduangels merges with or is acquired by another business, we may share personal information with the new owners of the business and their advisers and if this happens, you will be sent notice of such an event;  
(i) we may also release personal information to regulatory or law enforcement authorities, if they require us to do so; and (j) we may also seek your consent to collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for any other purpose not listed above.

**3\. Privacy on Our Websites**  
**(a) Submitting Your Curriculum Vitae ("CV") and Applying for Jobs**  
You may submit your CV to Eduangels via this website, either for general consideration by our recruitment consultants for positions as they arise or to apply for a specific advertised job. Once submitted, your CV will be sent directly to the relevant Eduangels recruitment consultant who will review your details and advise you whether you are to be accepted by us for registration on our central database. This database, including your personal information, can be accessed by any of our recruitment consultants working in other offices of the Eduangels, both inside and outside India. If you are accepted onto our database, our recruitment consultants should then contact you to set up an interview in person. You can update your CV at any time, simply by following the same procedure to submit a new CV via our websites.  
**(b) Job Alerts**  
You may sign up to receive emails that alert you to new jobs on our website (Job Alerts). To subscribe to Job Alerts, you need to provide your email address, which will be used for the purpose of keeping you informed by email of the latest jobs and/or news in your nominated industry. If you no longer wish to receive Job Alerts, unsubscribe links are provided in every Job Alert email that you receive.   
**(c) Aggregate Information About Website Visitors**  
We gather information and statistics about all visitors to this and all of our websites worldwide, including the most frequently accessed pages and most frequently used services. We only use such data in aggregate form (that is, the information does not identify any one individual). This information helps us determine the most beneficial parts of our websites and ways in which we can continually improve our online services to create a better overall experience for our users. We also publish some of this aggregate (non-identifiable) information on the Eduangels websites worldwide.   
**(d) Cookies**  
Eduangels uses Google Analytics to collect information about how you use our websites. The information collected is used to improve how our websites work or the effectiveness of our web services to you. Information collected include (but not limited to) your login details, to track web traffic on an aggregate basis and to keep session information in cache to assist your use of our website, such as your last search (however, this information is disposed of every time you close your web browser). You may wish to opt out by turning off cookies (please refer to the help menu on your browser) however, switching off cookies will restrict your use of our websites. For more information on analytics cookies, please visit Google's website. 

**4\. Access to Personal Information**  
You may request access to or updating of your personal information held at Eduangels by contacting the Eduangels privacy officer as set out below. We may ask to verify your identity and for more information about your request. Where we are legally permitted to do so, we may refuse your request and give you reasons for doing so. Where you request your personal information to be updated and there is a dispute about the facts, we will make a note on your personal information of such dispute. You may also request that Eduangels stops using your information and contacting you and we will comply with your request.   
However, if this involves a request for deletion of your file, please be aware that we may not be required or able to do so, particularly where your file also holds information about our clients. Where permitted to do so, we may charge an administrative fee for access and updating requests. 

**5\. Security**  
Eduangels takes reasonable steps to keep personal information secure, accurate and up to date. The Internet is not always a secure method of transmitting information. Accordingly, while we seek to protect your personal information by implementing digital security systems in various parts of our website, Eduangels cannot accept responsibility for the security of information you send to or receive from us over the Internet or for any unauthorised access or use of that information. Where we have links to websites outside the Eduangels, we cannot ensure that your privacy will be protected in accordance with this policy. You should consult these other websites' privacy policies as we have no control over them and are not responsible for any information that is submitted to or collected by these third parties. 

**6\. Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
Eduangels may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. We suggest that you visit our website regularly to keep up to date with any changes. 
