> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jobstelangana.in privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161119063424id_/http%3A//jobstelangana.in/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

The Privacy of our users is very important for us. As ours is a job Portal aspirant frequently visit our website to be updated in the vacancies. Few members subscribe to our site jobstelangana.in to get the latest news on the job notifications to the mail. We put our efforts to provide exact information to our visitors regarding latest jobs in Govt sector and IT sector. We satisfy our visitors by providing data they are searching for. They want to know the details of the job notification, Admit cards, Results etc. We continuously update the site with these information. Users who visit our site are asked to register with us for latest job information. It is their wish to subscribe for our news letters or not.

Users are not asked to give their personal information. If we have asked for education details, then it is only to provide job notification suitable to their qualification. We will send the news letters to the visitors mail with which they have registered with us. Any information related to the users will not be misused by us. Some advertisements can be find in our site which is given by Google. It is their wish to have a look at the advertisement. They can avoid this from seeing by choosing related option. They will get the advertisements by Google cookie basing on the searches done by the visitor personally. Jobstelangana.in count the number of times particular user visit the website by using the cookies.

We do not use information related to the visitor for any other purpose. They can subscribe to our site without any doubt of misusing their personal information. We strive hard to maintain strict privacy policy for the sake of retaining our users. They can visit our site any number of sites for any data related to the job. We update the site with all job details from reliable source. So users can confidently use the information provided in our site.
