> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jobs.co.za privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130328031702id_/http%3A//www.jobs.co.za/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement for JOBNAVIGATOR (PTY) LTD

This privacy statement was last updated in July 2008 and discloses the privacy practices for the JobNavigator (Pty) Ltd (hereinafter referred to as Jobs.co.za) website. Jobs.co.za is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. This statement is to inform all users of how we intend to use any personal information that has been collected specifically through the website at the following URL: [http://www.jobs.co.za](http://www.jobs.co.za/). We hereby notify you of the following: 

1\. What personally identifiable information is collected via this website.  
2\. Details of the organisation collecting the information.  
3\. How collected information is utilised.  
4\. With whom personal information is shared.  
5\. Your rights in respect of your personal information.  
6\. The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control.  
7\. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the Information. 

**Disclaimer**   
Please note that Jobs.co.za may not be held responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other website's to which you choose to link to from the Jobs.co.za website. Please review the privacy policies of these websites individually. Jobs.co.za takes every precaution to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of all information under our control. When users submit sensitive information via our website, this information is protected both online and off-line. 

Notwithstanding such measures, the Internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. 

Should Jobs.co.za decide to change this privacy statement, we shall post such changes on our website and in our newsletter so that users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. 

If you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy statement please contact our customer support by email on [support@jobs.co.za](mailto:support@jobs.co.za) or contact 0861 JOBS 101. 

**Collection of Information**   
When we collect personal information about you we will collect this information from you lawfully and fairly and not in any unreasonably intrusive way. You acknowledge and agree that we may collect this information from you in connection with or as a consequence of your use of our site. 

**Personal Information  
** Job Seekers do not have to provide any personal information in order to perform job searches; however in some areas of the website, Jobs.co.za requires your personal information such as your name, address, email address, contact information and other discernible identifiable information. In certain areas we may collect personal information pertaining to your work history, remuneration and desired job interests. For instance, Jobs.co.za may request that you register as a Job Seeker, create a profile of personal information and desired job related criteria. Job Seekers will have the option to add a CV to the website which may contain personal and work related information. Job Seekers choosing to use Jobs.co.za to create a Profile to be added to our Job Seeker database will provide Jobs.co.za with personal information which will be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Disclosure of information should preferably be limited to relevant career related data and as such, we discourage irrelevant data such as race, political or religious beliefs, sexual orientation or the likes to be disclosed in your CV. However, should a CV contain such data, Job Seekers agree that this information may be used in accordance with this privacy statement. 

Should Jobs.co.za modify the way in which personally identifiable information is used then users will be notified on the website and by email. Should users choose to opt-out of having your information used in this new manner, then users are responsible for contacting Jobs.co.za within one month of receiving such notification to avoid having information used in this manner. Should a user not contact Jobs.co.za within that month, Jobs.co.za shall assume that the user consents to having this information used in the new manner. 

**Third Party Services**  
Jobs.co.za may indirectly collect information about you when you choose to utilise any of our third party or partner services, for example, registering to utilise the identification and background check services. Such information will be subject to, and treated in accordance with the policies and practices described in this statement. 

Tracking Data and Information: While using the Jobs.co.za website, be aware that we may gather certain data relating specifically to your usage of the site such as the areas that you visit, the services you access, information about your computer hardware and software, recording of your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. Although this information is gathered, please note that is not linked to your personally identifiable information. In addition Cookies (a small data file that your browser writes to your own computer's hard drive in order to remember certain information and is linked to some personally identifiable information while on our site) may be used to store your Handle and Password so that you don't need to type these in each time you log in, thereby saving time whilst on our website. Should you choose to reject cookies, you may still browse our site. However, in order to log in cookies are required to be turned on. There are two sorts of cookies used on our site: session cookies and persistent cookies. Once you close your browser, the session cookie simply terminates, whereas the persistent cookie remains to enable us to track and target your interests to enhance your experience on our site. 

**Public Information  
** Should a user choose to post any information of a personal nature in public areas on Jobs.co.za such as the Blog or in a searchable CV database, please note that this information may be collected and used by others over whom Jobs.co.za has no control and, as such Jobs.co.za may not be held responsible for third party usage of information that you willingly post or that you have chosen to make available in public areas on Jobs.co.za. Be aware however, that Jobs.co.za does require registered recruiters to enter into a terms of usage agreement with Jobs.co.za to prevent them from using Job Seeker information for any purpose other than that prescribed to under the guidelines of Jobs.co.za and for the purpose of assisting Job Seekers in finding jobs and career related guidance. Furthermore, Job Seekers should note that Jobs.co.za's policy is to allow bona fide recruitment agencies access to search all public CV's and Profiles posted by Job Seekers. Employers (Company's) not registered as recruitment agencies are prohibited from searching the public Job Seeker CV database. In the event that an employer is able to access the public Job Seeker database, Jobs.co.za may not be held responsible for the usage of this information. Jobs.co.za does however enforce every reasonable measure to protect employee's personal information from being accessed by employers. 

**Disclosure of Information  
** If required by a governmental entity or regulatory authority, Jobs.co.za may disclose such information if legally required to do so or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process, to protect the rights or property of Jobs.co.za or its affiliated companies or if required in the event of preventing a crime or to protect the personal safety of users or the public. 

In the event that any third party may have acquired a substantial portion of Jobs.co.za, or in the event of a merger, complete acquisition or substantial purchase of assets, Jobs.co.za may disclose and transfer such information to said third party. In addition, in the event Jobs.co.za may become subject to involuntary or voluntary insolvency proceedings, Jobs.co.za (or its representative in such proceedings) may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a court approved transaction. In the event of such proceedings transpiring, Jobs.co.za shall notify all users by email or otherwise. While we will endeavour to require the successor company to maintain this Privacy Policy, we cannot guarantee that this policy will remain in effect after such a corporate action. 

**Use of Information**  
Jobs.co.za may collect information from our users at several different points on our website. We collect information about you so that we can allow you to participate on our website as a result of your voluntary option to engage in activities on our website. Where we may collect information from users from any other means of correspondence such as emails and telephone conversations, from a third party or from user participation in special promotions with third parties on our website, such information shall only be shared with third parties with your explicit consent to do so as a result of your participation in any promotions. The information that we collect from you will not be sold, shared or rented out to any third party in any way other than as disclosed in this privacy statement. 

All information gathered on our website whether personal, demographic, technical or financial, is collected for the purpose of administering and managing registrations, responding to queries, operating or enhancing our website and for the purpose of providing a satisfactory user experience through delivering services offered by Jobs.co.za to Job Seekers and Recruiters alike. 

**Use of Financial Information**  
Should we need to collect financial information about users for any purpose of transacting with our website, such information may be made available to our partners in certain cases, such as for charging you for requested services. Should we request users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected using SSL. While on a secure page, such as our registration form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. The servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment. 

**Registration**  
In order to use our site, you must first complete the registration form. When you register we collect personal information such as your name, address, email address, telephone and fax numbers. This information is used to contact you about the services on our site for which you have expressed interest. We also collect additional information (such as "How did you hear about us?", your interests), and unique identifiers (such as your company name and VAT number, if applicable). All information that is mandatory is made known on the registration form and is necessary to complete the registration process. You are encouraged to provide the additional, optional information specified on the registration form so we can provide you with a more personalised experience on our site. Should your personally identifiable information change (such as your email address), or if you no longer desire to use our services, you may correct, update or remove your personal data provided to us. This can be done on the profile page or by emailing our Customer Support at [support@Jobs.co.za](mailto:support@Jobs.co.za). 

**Electronic Communications**  
If you have so agreed - either when registering with Jobs.co.za or subsequently thereafter - to allow Jobs.co.za to send you email communications regarding updates on the websites, newsletters or systems communications, your consent shall be considered as permission under applicable law and your rights to subscribe or un-subscribe to such communications shall be governed under the guidelines as prescribed under [Electronic Communications and Transactions Act](http://www.acts.co.za/ect_act/). System communications are however compulsory as specified under our Terms of Usage of our services and may not be un-subscribed to. Promotional communications and newsletters are optional and may be un-subscribed to by our users. Should a user elect to use our referral service for informing a friend about our website, information regarding the friend (such as name and email address) shall be collected. Such information will be used to send the friend an invitation or promotional communication by email to introduce the Jobs.co.za website and services to them. This information shall be stored for the sole purpose of sending an introductory email. Referred friends may at any time email [support@jobs.co.za](mailto:support@jobs.co.za) to request the removal of this information from the database. 

**Anti-Spam Policy**  
Jobs.co.za, committed to permission-based email marketing practices, has established a no-tolerance Anti-Spam Policy. Jobs.co.za may update this policy and provide notice of any changes on its home page. Your use of this website constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of our Anti-Spam policy. Spam is considered as commercial email or unsolicited bulk email, including junk mail, which has not been requested by the recipient. And is not the same as permission-based email communications. 

If you believe that you have received Spam connected to Jobs.co.za (Pty) Ltd in any way, send a complaint including the unsolicited email, to [abuse@Jobs.co.za](mailto:abuse@Jobs.co.za) You may also provide any other information that you believe may help a Jobs.co.za (Pty) Ltd investigation. Jobs.co.za (Pty) Ltd does not investigate or take any action based on anonymous Spam complaints. 

Individuals who register on Jobs.co.za (Pty) Ltd, and provide their email address, give Jobs.co.za (Pty) Ltd permission to send related information, products and services to the said email address. In order to protect your privacy, Jobs.co.za (Pty) Ltd does not sell, share or trade our subscriber list with anyone for any reason and you may unsubscribe at any time.
