> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jobsarkari.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181225024319id_/https%3A//www.jobsarkari.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

http://www.jobsarkari.com Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.  **What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?** When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your email address or other details to help you with your experience. **When do we collect information?** We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter or enter information on our site.  **How do we use your information?** We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:  **•**  To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. **•**  To improve our website in order to better serve you. **•**  To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. **•**  To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.  **How do we protect your information?** We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.We do not use Malware Scanning. We do not use an SSL certificate **•**  We only provide articles and information. We never ask for personal or private information like home addresses, or credit card numbers.  **Do we use ‘cookies’?** Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we may use cookies to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. **We use cookies to:** **•**  Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits. **•**  Keep track of advertisements. **•**  Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled. However, you will still be able to browse our website .  **Third-party disclosure** We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, or adservers like google adsense. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.  **Third-party links** Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.  **Google** Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy. **We have implemented the following:** **•**  Google Display Network Impression Reporting **•**  Demographics and Interests Reporting **•**  DoubleClick Platform IntegrationWe, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website. **Opting out: **Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.****  Users can visit our site anonymously.Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can be easily be found on the page specified above.You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes: **•**  On our Privacy Policy PageCan change your personal information: **•**  By emailing us **Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?** It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking  **COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)** We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.  **We collect your email address in order to:** **•**  Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions **•**  Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred. **To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:** **•**  Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses. **•**  Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly. **•**  Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email. **If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at** **•**  Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email. ** **and we will promptly remove you from   **ALL**  correspondence.**** **Contacting Us** ** ** **** If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below. jobsarkarisite @ gmail.com  (remove spaces)Last Edited on 2016-08-09 
