> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jobs77.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161104192637id_/http%3A//www.jobs77.com/info/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting Jobs77 job search and hiring management Internet web site ("Site"). This Privacy Policy details certain policies implemented throughout Jobs77 governing Jobs77's use of personally identifiable information provided to Jobs77 via this Site or otherwise.

 **Privacy Policy Updates**  
Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, Jobs77 may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, Jobs77 will post its updated Privacy Policy on our Site located at [www.Jobs77.com](http://www.jobs77.com/) and post notice of the change so it is visible when users log-on for the first time after the change is posted and may send you an email so you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. Jobs77 encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Site and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to Jobs77 will be subject to the then-current Privacy Policy.

 **Information Collection and Use**  
You can generally visit our Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, in certain sections of this Site, to use certain services, we may require you to create an account, or we may invite you to submit questions or comments or request information, subscribe to a newsletter, participate in surveys, questionnaires or contests, or message boards. Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may ask that you complete and submit an online form with personally identifiable information such as your name, username, email address, zip code and contact information. If you have created an account, you may opt to provide additional personally identifiable information in your profile such as your age, gender and employment information. Providing any additional personally identifiable information beyond what is required to create an account is optional. We may use your personally identifiable information to deliver certain services, products or information you have requested, verify your authority to enter certain password protected areas of the Site, send you notices for services that you have used or that may be of interest to you, and improve the content and general administration of the Site. We may receive your personally identifiable information from our partners that provide us with third-party services so that we can customize and improve the services that we may provide to you. In particular, Facebook.com ("Facebook") will be providing Jobs77 with certain information from its registered users in order for Jobs77 to enhance the services that we provide to you. A more detailed description of how Jobs77 is working with Facebook is described below. Additionally, if you have elected to reveal your email address to other registered members, they will have access to and be able to use your email address.

 **Children's Privacy**  
Jobs77 is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. Jobs77's services and Site are not intended for and may not be used by children under the age of 13. Jobs77 does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 and Jobs77 does not target its services or this Site to children under 13.

 **Cookies**  
We may use small text files called cookies to improve overall Site experience. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you. Some advertisements that appear on this Site are delivered to you by our advertising partners. Our advertising partners may download cookies to your computer. Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement. In this way, they may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked. This information allows an advertising network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. We do not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third party advertisers. See our [Cookie Policy](http://www.jobs77.com/info/cookie_policy) for more information.

 **Aggregate Information**  
The Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, IP addresses, External Web Sites linked to, search terms and the domain names of our users' Internet Service Providers, operating system and browser type, and we may analyze these data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. We also may collect aggregate information such as demographics including age, occupation, gender, salary information and labor statistics. Such aggregate information may be collected from data that you have provided to us via usage of the Site and/or public records, and is not unique to you nor is it linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may share this aggregate information with third parties, including for various reasons related to our business to assist them in targeting advertisements to appropriate audiences.

 **Disclosure**  
We may disclose your personally identifiable information and aggregate information to our partner entities that provide job networking services to us to improve the content and general administration of our Site. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information and aggregate information with other companies selected by Jobs77 or with strategic partners who will use it to provide information, products and services that you have requested, to personalize your experience or send you promotions and special offers they believe will be of interest to you. We will only share this information for use in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Any third parties with whom we share this information are bound by contract to use the personal information we share with them only for the limited purposes for which we provide it to them and to take reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of your personal information. They may not use or share your personal information in a manner that would be inconsistent with our promises to you, and they must comply with all applicable privacy and data protection laws.

We will also disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority. We may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Jobs77 participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of Jobs77's assets to which this Site relates. Such successor entity shall be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.

 **Links to Third Party Sites**  
The Site may provide links to External Web Sites. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Jobs77 of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that Jobs77 is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that Jobs77 is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.

 **Security**  
We may employ procedural and technological measures, consistent with industry practice. Such measures are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Jobs77 may use firewalls, internal restrictions, password protection, physical lock and key and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information.

 **Correction/Updating Personally Identifiable Information**  
Jobs77 provides you with the ability to review, correct and delete any of the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. You may access and review the information in your account at any time, however, if you wish to correct or delete any information you have provided to us, you must first access and close your account by going to: [www.Jobs77.com/myaccount/deleteaccount/](http://www.jobs77.com/myaccount/deleteaccount/). Upon successful closure of your account, you may create a new account with your updated personally identifiable information.

 **Processing of Personal Information**  
Our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so your personal data will be processed by us in the U.S. where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you create a user account with our Site as a visitor from outside the United States, by using our Site you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please email: support@Jobs77.com

This Privacy Policy was last updated: April 28, 2015
