> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jobstoday.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161126160251id_/http%3A//www.jobstoday.co.uk/staticpages/40/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

DATA PROTECTION, PRIVACY  & COOKIE POLICY

  1. **The Publisher is committed to protecting your privacy.**  The Publisher knows that you care how information about you is used and appreciates your trust in it to do that carefully and sensibly. At times you will be asked to submit personal information about yourself (name, email address, postcode etc.). By entering your details in the fields as requested you enable the Publisher to provide you with the services you select. Whenever you provide such personal information, the Publisher will treat that information in accordance with this notice and policy. All email correspondence include instructions on how to ‘unsubscribe’ from the service to which you have subscribed. Our services are designed to give you the information that you want to receive, not to bombard you with information you do not want. The Publisher will act in accordance with current legislation. This notice and policy do not apply to companies that the Publisher does not own or control.
  2. **Use of Data.**  The Publisher will use your personal details and information it obtains from other sources to provide you with its goods and services, for administration and customer services, for credit scoring, for marketing, to analyse your purchasing preferences and to ensure that the content, services and advertising that it offers are tailored to your needs and interests. The Publisher may keep your information for a reasonable period for these purposes or to maintain suppression lists. The Publisher may need to share your information with its service providers, with other companies within the Johnston Press Plc Group and with its agents for these purposes. The Publisher may disclose personal data in order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
  3. **Cookie Policy.**   **Details of cookies we use and how you can opt out of receiving them can be found here**  [http://www.johnstonpress.co.uk/jpplc/disclaimer/](http://www.johnstonpress.co.uk/disclaimer)
  4. **IP Address.**  When you visit our site, we may also log your IP address, a unique identifier for your computer or other access device.
  5. **Web Beacons.**  The Publisher also includes web beacons (also known as clear GIFs or web bugs) in its emails to track the success of its marketing campaigns. This means that if you open an email from the Publisher it can see which pages of the Website you visit. The Publisher’s web beacons do not store additional information on your computer, but by communicating with the cookies on your computer, they can tell the Publisher when you have opened its email. If you object to web beacons, the Publisher recommends you follow the instructions for deleting existing cookies and disabling future cookies at <http://www.johnstonpress.co.uk/jpplc/disclaimer/>. The Publisher will still know how many of its e-mails are opened and will automatically receive your IP address, a unique identifier of your computer and other access device, but this will not identify you as an individual.
  6. **Credit References.**  In assessing your application for credit, to prevent fraud, to check your identity and to prevent money laundering, the Publisher may search the files of credit reference agencies who will record any credit searches on your file. The Publisher may also disclose details of how you conduct your account to such agencies. The information may be used by other credit grantors for making credit decisions about you and the people with whom you are financially associated, for fraud prevention, money laundering prevention and occasionally for tracing debtors. Information used for these purposes will include publicly available information such as electoral roll, county court judgments, bankruptcy orders or repossessions.
  7. **Credit Reference Agencies.**  The Publisher may ask credit reference agencies to provide a credit scoring computation. Credit scoring uses a number of factors to work out risks involved in any application. A score is given to each factor and a total score obtained. Where automatic credit scoring computations are used, acceptance or rejection of your application will not depend solely on the results of the credit scoring process.
  8. **Sharing Data.**  Jobstoday will use your personal details and information it obtains from other sources to provide you with its goods and services, for administration and customer services, for credit scoring, for marketing, to analyse your purchasing preferences and to ensure that the content, services and advertising that it offers are tailored to your needs and interests. Jobstoday may keep your information for a reasonable period for these purposes or to maintain suppression lists. Jobstoday may need to share your information with its business partners and service providers which may include other jobs boards for these purposes. Jobstoday may disclose personal data in order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
  9. **Sensitive Personal Data.**  By providing the Publisher with your personal information, you consent to it processing your sensitive personal data, such as health data, for the purposes in Paragraph 8.
  10. **Transfer of Personal Data out of the UK.**  By providing the Publisher with your personal information you also consent to the Publisher transferring your information to countries or jurisdictions which do not provide the same level of data protection as the UK, if necessary for the above purposes. If the Publisher does make such a transfer, it will, if appropriate, put a contract in place to ensure that your information is protected.
  11. **Third Party Data.**  If you provide the Publisher with information about another person, you confirm that they have appointed you to act for them, to consent to the processing of their personal data including sensitive personal data and that you have informed them of the Publisher’s identity and the purposes (as set out above) for which their personal data will be processed.
  12. **WorldPay/TNS.**  Johnston Press Group plc, of which the Publisher is a member, have partner accounts with WorldPay and TNS. The processing of online transactions and some telephone orders, will be dealt with by either WorldPay or TNS. WorldPay have a comprehensive privacy policy which can be located at [www.worldpay.co.uk/about/index.php?go=privacy](http://www.worldpay.co.uk/about/index.php?go=privacy). TNS privacy policy can be found at <http://www.tnsi.com/legal-information/privacy-policy-uk>. The only data released to Johnston Press Group plc via WorldPay or TNS are the name, delivery address, contact number, goods purchased, email address and IP address of the individual concerned.
  13. **eMeta.**  The Scotsman Publications Limited have a partner account with eMeta to process online transactions. eMeta are a member of Macrovision whose privacy policy can be viewed at <http://www.macrovision.com/company/about/legal/legal_and_privacy.shtml>. eMeta release to The Scotsman Publications Limited via an administration suite the following data relating to the transaction; the individual’s email address, their last login date, userID (unique reference to the individual), a history of transactions made, financial instrument used (i.e. Visa Debit, Mastercard), the card holder's name and address, current subscriptions, expired subscriptions, licenses (if applied) and whether the individual is currently logged in to subscription. eMeta release to The Scotsman Publications Limited via a reports suite the following data relating to a series of transactions; number of sales, amount of cash taken, number of cancellations, number of subscriptions purchased, number of subscriptions terminated, number of charge backs, number of expired subscriptions and number of users per product.
  14. **Secure Server Software.**  The Publisher offers the use of a secure server when you place orders or access your account information. SSL (the secure server software) encrypts your information before it is sent to us. The Publisher also takes appropriate measures to ensure that the information disclosed is kept secure, accurate and up to date and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is used.
  15. **Links to Third Party Sites.**  The Publisher links to a wide variety of other sites and it displays advertisements from third parties on the Website. The Publisher is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these sites and third party advertisers, nor for the way in which information about their users is treated. In particular, unless expressly stated, the Publisher is not an agent for these sites or advertisers nor is it authorised to make representations on their behalf.
  16. **Requests.**  You are entitled to ask for a copy of the information the Publisher holds about you (for which the Publisher may charge a small fee) and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected. If you wish to exercise your rights to this information please forward your request, in writing, to the Group Data Protection Manager, Johnston Press plc,  26 Whitehall Road, Leeds, LS12 1BE.
  17. **Monitoring.**  For quality control and training purposes, the Publisher may monitor or record your communications with it.
  18. **Changes in Your Data.**  If your personal details change, if you change your mind about any of your marketing preferences or if you have any queries about how the Publisher uses your information, please let the Publisher know online where appropriate, or by contacting the Group Data Protection Manager at Johnston Press plc,  26 Whitehall Road, Leeds, LS12 1BE or email [data.protection@jpress.co.uk](mailto:data.protection@jpress.co.uk).
  19. **Changes to this Policy.**  This data protection notice may change and therefore you should review it regularly. The Publisher will of course notify you of any changes where we are required to do so.


