> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jobsonline.net privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121093839id_/http%3A//www.jobsonline.net/misc/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# JobsOnline: Privacy Policy

This privacy policy is effective as of January 3, 2014. JobsOnline respects the privacy of consumers. JobsOnline will not knowingly disclose personally identifiable information about its consumers to any third party advertiser other than as set forth in this privacy policy. 

JobsOnline provides information on many topics. Some of this information is created by JobsOnline, and some of it is created by third parties, including information produced by the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics and information from the O*NETTM database. While our site strives to provide accurate expert advice, commentary and other information, JobsOnline does not make any warranty regarding the accuracy, reliability or use of any information provided on this site. 

JobsOnline and third parties may use "cookies", "tokens", "web beacons" or similar technologies to help you personalize your online experience. Third-parties may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you and, in such event, you would be subject to such third-party's privacy policy. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of JobsOnline. A token may be placed on the devices in which you use to access JobsOnline for purposes of identifying the device. Our Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) that allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver special services. 

We may share information with third parties, and allow third parties to use cookies or web beacons to collect information about you, in connection with providing you information about products and services that might be of interest to you. These authorized third parties may link your name, address and e-mail address to other information which they collect, such as past online/offline purchase information and Web usage from other sites. 

Cookies are text files that are placed on a Web site's visitor browser. We and our authorized third party partners, and their partners, may use cookies, tokens, web beacons or similar technologies on our site and emails to identify and deliver more relevant advertising to consumers. All of these technologies perform important and useful functions: they make it possible to provide personalized pages for visitors; they help advertisers avoid repeatedly serving the same ads to the same visitor; they help website owners determine which sections of their sites are more appealing; and, they help advertisers learn which advertisements are of interest to our customers on the Web. To trigger these technologies, we may pass information, which may include your name, address and email address, to a Web advertising partner, who may place a cookie or token on your device. Turning off the browser's cookies will prevent web beacons and cookies from measuring the relevance and effectiveness of our site, emails and advertising as well as the tailored advertising brought to you by our partners. You may also not be able to use all the interactive features of our site and emails if cookies are disabled. Notwithstanding any other provision, we may also engage data providers who may collect web log data from you (including IP address and information about your browser or operating system), or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content. These cookies may or may not contain personally identifiable information. The cookies may reflect demographic (identified or de-identified) or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, that we may share with a data provider which may or may not be in hashed, non-human readable form. To learn more about these practices or if you no longer wish to receive tailored advertisements from third party advertising networks, please visit [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/participating/), [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp), and [here](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/). 

This site contains links to other sites and advertisements by third party companies. Please be aware that JobsOnline does not exercise control over the information, products, services or policies of third party companies accessible through our site. We encourage our users to be aware and to read the privacy policies of each and every third party site and company. This privacy policy applies solely to how JobsOnline treats the information collected by this site. 

JobsOnline abides by federal law and will not knowingly collect any personal information from or allow the registration of young people under the age of 13. 

JobsOnline collects the following categories of personally identifiable information: first and last name; home and other physical address, including street name and name of a city and town; email address; telephone number; social security number; and other demographic and personal information such as age, gender, education, hobbies, background and interests. JobsOnline may share this personally identifiable information with the following categories of third party persons: any person or entity that the consumer has given permission; any third party affiliate, agent, service provider or business partner of such person or entity; any affiliate, agent, service provider or business partner of JobsOnline; any court, law enforcement agency or other investigator; any owner, successor or purchaser of JobsOnline or its assets. For example, your personally identifiable information may be shared with employers, job boards, job matching services, recruiters, colleges, universities, education advisors, data aggregators, telemarketers, marketers (possibly in the form of list rental), third-party ad serving companies and other organizations and, in such event, you would be subject to such third-party's privacy policy. Personal information and passwords you provide will not necessarily be secured in accordance with industry standards and technology. Since the Internet is not a secure environment, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information or password you transmit to JobsOnline. There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, copied, disclosed, decoded, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. 

JobsOnline users can "opt-out" of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site. You may opt-out from receiving specified types of communications from JobsOnline by clicking [here](https://web.archive.org/profile/opt.html). 

Further, by registering on this JobsOnline, you agree that this act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of telemarketing laws, and notwithstanding that your telephone and/or cell number may be listed with the federal Do-Not-Call Registry you expressly opt-in to: (a) receive an offer or service from us or one or more of our partners or affiliates or other third parties; (b) receive future information about products and services from us, our partners, affiliates and other third parties to whom we may provide your information; (c) permit us, our partners, affiliates and other third parties to contact you pursuant to the business relationship we have established using the information you provided to us for any purpose such as contacting you by e-mail address, phone and/or mobile phone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message or any means of communication for any purpose that, among other things, your wireless device may be capable of receiving (e.g. mms, video etc. ). 

This privacy policy may be amended from time to time and any such privacy policy, as amended, shall appear on this page. Please visit this page from time to time and re-read the privacy policy then in effect to see if any material change to this privacy policy has been made. Your use of this site indicates an acceptance of the terms of this privacy policy. 

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/misc/contact.html?subject=privacy). 

Your privacy is important to us and we want you to have a safe and enjoyable experience when you visit our site. We hope you find our services helpful. The Privacy Team at JobsOnline wishes you the best of luck in your search for the perfect work experience. 
