> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 92y.org privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110528072004id_/http%3A//www.92y.org/content/privacy_statement.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement - 92nd Street Y - New York, NY

| Information Collected Voluntarily  
---  
92nd Street Y does not collect any personal information about individuals — such as names and postal or email addresses — except when such information is knowingly provided to 92nd Street Y. Personal information might be obtained from online transactions such as ticket purchases, event subscriptions, class registrations, memberships and donations. Additionally, personal information may be transmitted as part of a form submission or in connection with other activities or services made available on our site. Any personal identification information retrieved by 92nd Street Y must be voluntarily submitted by the user.  
|   
Information Collected Automatically  
92nd Street Y website collects some anonymous information about users automatically when individuals request pages through a browser. This information is used to keep track of the shopping cart and to help us monitor how individuals use the site, allowing us to provide an optimal shopping experience and better service throughout the site. The information collected automatically by the Web server does not, however, contain anything that can identify individuals personally, such as an email address.  
|   
Security Statement  
The 92nd Street Y makes every effort to ensure that all of the transactions that occur on its website are secure. All credit card numbers submitted to the site are encrypted using 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, which is the industry standard for information security and is used by more than 200,000 websites in over 50 countries.  
|   
What is a Secure Connection?   
When a secure connection is established between your browser and a website, any data that is transferred over the connection will be encrypted to prevent it from being viewed by a third party. SSL encryption makes it very difficult for anyone to intercept or decode messages exchanged over this type of secure connection.  
Browsers such as Internet Explorer, Firefox and Netscape Browser display an image of a locked padlock in their status bar when connected to a secure site. Safari displays an image of a locked padlock in the upper right-hand corner. Firefox colors the address bar yellow when connected to a secure site. Secure transactions are also indicated when the prefix in the location bar of your browser switches from http:// to http **s** ://. The "s" stands for "secure." If you do not see the padlock at the bottom of your browser's window, if the padlock is unlocked, or if the protocol in the location bar is not listed as https://, then any data exchanged with the website is potentially visible to others.  
Depending on your browser, you may be able to view authentication information about a secure page by double-clicking on the locked padlock in the status bar. For more information on how your software establishes a secure connection, see the help files for your particular browser.  
|   
Cookies  
A cookie is a small text file that is sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies can't read data from your hard disk or read cookie files that were created by other sites — the website that creates a cookie is the only one a browser will permit to access it.  
Examples of ways in which 92nd Street Y might use cookies would be to control access to certain user features, such as your user password and membership profile, to customize content areas or to analyze site activity and user behavior. 92Y also reserves the right to use cookies in the future in conjunction with new content or extended functionality.  
If you are concerned about the use of cookies, you can explore a web browser's options to notify you whenever a cookie is set, or disallow cookies altogether. Users should be aware, however, that prohibiting the use of cookies will restrict access to certain types of content or features, including the ability to process membership discounts online, to store items in a shopping cart and potentially to execute orders on our website.  
|   
How the Information is Used  
The following are examples of how 92nd Street Y might use the personal information it collects:  
| If you signed up for a 92nd Street Y class or purchased tickets to any 92nd Street Y events, the required personal information (similar to that provided during a telephone or mail order purchase) will be used to complete your order.  
| If you indicated that you were interested in receiving 92nd Street Y-related news and information, you may receive emails that may be of interest to you.  
|   
For the non-personally identifiable information it collects:  
| Aggregate data could be analyzed to describe the collective characteristics and behaviors of online visitors and subsequently be used to further optimize the effectiveness of our site.  
|   
Occasionally, 92nd Street Y may share the information you provide when you register or purchase an item online with other organizations or companies whose products and services might interest you. 92nd Street Y will not share telephone numbers or e-mail addresses with third parties although we may give restricted access to such information to companies acting on our behalf. If you would prefer not to have your information shared in this way, send an [email](https://web.archive.org/about/mail/email.asp?recipient=18) message containing your name and postal address to us.  
|   
Children under 13  
92nd Street Y does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. Kids should always ask parents for permission before providing personal information to any website or purchasing any products or services online. 92Y urges all parents to participate in their children's exploration of the Internet and to teach them about protecting their personal information while online.  
|   
Terms and Conditions of Use  
Access to and use of the 92nd Street Y website's text, images and data is subject to the following terms and conditions:

92nd Street Y retains all rights, including copyright, in data, image, text, and any other information contained in these files.

The material contained in this website is copyrighted by 92nd Street Y or by third parties from whom we have obtained permission to publish their materials on the website and whose credit line appears in association with their copyrighted information. Any commercial use or publication of any material from 92nd Street Y's website is strictly prohibited.

92nd Street Y's image and text files on this website are made available for noncommercial, educational, and personal use only. Users may download these files for their own use, subject to any additional terms or restrictions which may be applicable to the individual file or program. Users must, however, cite the author and source of the materials as they would material from any printed work, and the citations should include the URL: [www.92y.org](http://www.92y.org/).   
  
Permissions and Requests for Images  
Anyone wishing to use any of these files or images for publication, commercial use, or any purpose must request and receive prior written permission from 92nd Street Y. Permission for such use is granted at the sole discretion of the organization. For information concerning permissions, or to make a request, [email](https://web.archive.org/about/mail/email.asp?recipient=999).  
Linking to Third-Party Sites  
92nd Street Y has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the website and is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or other sites linked to the website. Your linking to any off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk. 92Y provides these links as a convenience only, and a link does not imply endorsement of, sponsorship of, or affiliation with the linked site by 92nd Street Y.  
Warranty Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability  
92nd Street Y makes no representation of any kind regarding the site content or any portion thereof. All site content is provided in "AS IS" condition. 92Y does not warrant the accuracy of the materials provided herein, either expressly or by implication, for any particular purpose and expressly disclaims any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Although the information provided to you on this site is obtained or compiled from sources we believe to be reliable, 92nd Street Y cannot and does not guarantee the accuracy, validity, timeliness or completeness of any information or data made available to you for any particular purpose.  
|   
Policy Changes  
Occasional changes may be made to this document as new services and content are added to our site or to reflect changes in 92nd Street Y's policies. Visitors to 92nd Street Y's website are encouraged to check this document periodically to stay informed of current privacy guidelines.  
|   
Acceptance of Terms  
By using 92nd Street Y's website, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to this, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of any 92nd Street Y site following the posting of changes to these terms will indicate your acceptance of those changes.  
|   
Contact Information  
For more information, contact us via [email](https://web.archive.org/about/mail/email.asp?recipient=999).
