> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the becomeacouponqueen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120616033823id_/http%3A//becomeacouponqueen.com/disclaimer-privacy%23Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure, Disclaimer & Privacy Policies

This page contains our Disclosure, Disclaimer and Privacy Policies.  


## Disclosure Policy

This policy is valid from 09 December 2010  
This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation. I share what I find because I truly love to help others save money and provide their families with more for less money.  However, at the same time, I do believe it is OK that I am compensated by advertisers for the time and effort I put forth in sharing deals with everyone.   I may be earning money from the coupons you print or the magazine you are ordering.   If you sign up for any deal sites, I may be receiving a referral credit by you doing so.  You will see ads in my sidebars and footers – and I receive compensation for these as well.

The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in my blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

The money I am paid will never influence the content, topics or posts I make.   I do not allows guest posts where the party has paid me to share content.  
The owner(s) of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of this blog receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, I always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. I will never endorse or a product that I don’t like. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely mine. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.  
This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

Please note that Become A Coupon Queen has financial relationships with some of the merchants mentioned here.  Become A Coupon Queen may be compensated if consumers choose to utilize the links located throughout the content on this site and generate sales for the said merchant.  
To get your own policy, go to <http://www.disclosurepolicy.org/> [](http://www.spiceupyourblog.com/)  


## Disclaimer Policy

The following is the Disclaimer Policy in full force and effect for BecomaCouponQueen.com as of December 9, 2010.* Policy Regarding Freebies or Offers: Become A Coupon Queen has no control of when or how you will receive any free offers. Any issues regarding the free offer should be addressed directly with the company making said offer. While Become A Coupon Queen makes every effort to ensure the offer is still in effect at the time of posting, a company may elect to take the offer down without any warning. Become A Coupon Queen has no direct contact with the merchant making the offer and therefore has no responsibility for what is contained in said offer. Participation in these offers is at the sole discretion of the reader and he or she should use personal judgment before participating in any offer.

Become A Coupon Queen works hard to post only legitimate offers, coupons, freebies and samples. However, since these links are administered by companies over which she has no control, they are available, to the best of the site owner’s knowledge, at the time of posting. Become A Coupon Queen gives no warranties, expressed nor implied, and is hereby not responsible for damages incurred by the users of this site.The offers are posted are for those age 18+ and minors should consult with a parent or legal guardian prior to participating in any offers. All links provided are for entertainment or informational purposes only.* Spam: When a reader completes offers or freebies, that is giving the company the right to send emails and/or other information to you. In most cases when requesting freebies or samples, you will begin to receive emails. These emails are not spam. The point of freebies is to get you to receive information from the company. Since you provided them with your email address, they can legally send newsletters and other offers to you. I highly recommend creating an extra email account for the purpose of signing up for offers or freebies that way your personal email account is not cluttered with offer emails. You can sign up for a free email account from various providers such as gmail, hotmail or ymail.You have the right to unsubscribe or opt out at any time. By law, a company must include a link for this within any information e-mailed to you.* Errors: Become A Coupon Queen is not held responsible for an incorrect link to a product or offer that lapses before a reader has a chance to participate. Every attempt is made to ensure that deals are posted accurately and timely. Become A Coupon Queen is not responsible for typographical errors by either the company nor within the post.  


## Privacy Policy

The privacy of our visitors to becomethecouponqueen.com is important to us.  
At becomethecouponqueen.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit becomethecouponqueen.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.

 *** Log Files**  
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.

 *** Cookies and Web Beacons**  
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.  
We also use third party advertisements on becomethecouponqueen.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing Wichita ads to someone in Wichita, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents shopping sites).

 ***DoubleClick DART cookies**  
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx  
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.  
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added. [](http://www.spiceupyourblog.com/)
