> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the extensis.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190606165437id_/https%3A//www.extensis.com/privacy-policy%3FhsLang%3Den) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Extensis.com

## Privacy Policy

Updated as of: May 11, 2018.

**Celartem and your privacy**  
Celartem, Inc., which does business as Extensis and LizardTech, respects your privacy as a visitor to our websites and use of Celartem Resources (defined below). Our websites include www.celartem.com, www.extensis.com, and www.lizardtech.com (each a “Website” and collectively the “Websites”). Through the Websites, you may access and use one or more Celartem resources including but not limited to online services, product demos, forums, blogs, chat rooms, support site and tech troubleshooting, product and services information, stores, knowledge base articles, accounts, and channel partner and affiliate programs (collectively the “Celartem Resources”). The Websites together with the Celartem Resources are collectively referred to herein as the “Services”.

This document comprises our privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) and applies to the Services, as well as the information we collect when you interact with us through social media or other websites and online services. It does not apply to websites and mobile applications offered by third parties that may link to the Services or be linked to or from the Services; please review the privacy policies on those websites and applications directly to understand their privacy practices. This Privacy Policy is: (a) incorporated into our Terms of Use; (b) linked throughout our Websites and Celartem Resources, as appropriate; and (c) referenced in our End User License Agreements and other documents and materials, as appropriate. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before accessing and using the Services. By accessing and using the Services, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and any updates thereof.

**1\. Information We Collect.**

1.1 Information Provided to Us. We may collect information that you provide to us through your use of the Services, such as information that can be used to identify you as an individual such as your name, email address, telephone number, home address, billing information, passwords or other online contact information, and demographic information (such as zip code, age) (collectively, “Personal Information”). The types of Personal Information we collect may vary depending on your use of the Services. We may also obtain Personal Information from our service providers and will handle such Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Our service providers may also obtain your Personal Information through your use of the Services, and may collect information on our behalf and, in each case, they are obligated to abide by all applicable data protection laws.

1.2 Information We Collect Automatically. Whenever you access or use the Services, we, as well as our service providers or other third parties, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Services are accessed and used.

(a) Usage Information. Usage Information may include browser type, device type, operating system, application version, the page served, the time and date, the preceding page views, and your use of features or applications in connection with the Services. This information helps us to improve our Services and your interactions with our Services.

(b) Device Identifier. We, as well as our service providers, automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) from your computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device (“Device”) you use to access the Services. A Device Identifier is a number that is assigned to your Device when you access our Websites, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. We may use a Device Identifier to, among other things, help diagnose problems with our servers, analyze trends, track users’ web page movements, help identify you and your interests, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

1.3 Information Collected Through Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Tracking Technologies. The technologies used to automatically collect information include and are not limited to: cookies (small text files placed on a device when it is used to access the Services), mobile analytics software, and pixel tags (transparent graphic image, sometimes called a web beacon or tracking beacon). We, or our service providers, may place cookies or similar files on your Device for security purposes, to facilitate site navigation, to perform analytics, to personalize your experience while accessing our Services, and to determine: how you search for our Websites, the websites you click on from our Websites or emails, whether and when you open our emails, and your browsing activities across other websites. A pixel tag may tell your browser to get content from another server. Cookies may also be used to associate you with social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter and, if you so choose, enable interaction between your use of the Services and your activities on such social networking sites. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to disable or reject cookies. If you delete your cookies or if you set your browser to decline cookies, some features of the Services may not be available, work, or work as designed. Our Services uses third-party cookies as follows:

We may use third-party website analytics tools that collect automated information about visitor traffic on our sites, such as Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., on our Websites. Google Analytics uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Websites, compile reports on the websites’ activity, and provide other services related to our Websites’ activity and usage. The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website. Our Websites do not use Google Analytics to gather information that personally identifies you. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s [privacy policies](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). You can learn how Google collects and processes data and how to opt out of tracking of analytics by Google, by [clicking here](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).

We use trackers offered by Facebook and Google to measure the effectiveness of our advertising and to deliver advertising to you after you leave the Services. Certain pieces of automatically collected information may be shared with these entities as part of this process. You can learn more about Facebook’s data use practices and your options by visiting [Facebook’s Privacy Center](https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation) and [About Facebook Ads](https://www.facebook.com/about/ads). You can learn how Google collects and processes data and how to opt out of tracking of analytics by Google, by clicking here.

1.4 Information from Social Media. When you interact with us or the Services through a social media platform (such as by clicking on a social media icon linked from our Services), we may collect the Personal Information that you make available to us on that page, including your account ID or username and other information included in your posts. If you choose to log in to your account with or through a social networking service, we and that service may share certain information about you and your activities.

**2\. How We Use Information.** We use the information we collect for a variety of business purposes, such as: (a) to respond to any questions and requests you may have; (b) to provide you with access to certain products and services, including those of our affiliates and partners; (c) to verify your identity; (d) to process transactions and track purchase history; (e) to communicate with you about your account and your Service-related activities; (f) to provide you with newsletters, updates, special offers and advertisements; (g) for any purposes which may have been disclosed to you at the time you provided your Personal Information to us; and (h) to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies, be fraudulent, or be illegal. We may also use information we collect to provide, test, enhance and improve the Services, our products, and product-related service offerings.

**3\. When We Disclose or Share Information.** We may share non-Personal Information such as de-identified aggregate data and Usage information with third parties. Except as described below, we will not provide your Personal Information to any third parties without your consent. We may also share your information as disclosed to you at the time you provide your information.

3.1 Service Providers. We may share your information with our providers who provide services necessary to the operation of our business (“Service Providers”), such as website hosting providers, re-sellers and other unaffiliated sales partners, marketing automation partners, data analysis services, payment and credit card processing, order fulfillment, information technology and other similar services. When we share Information with our Service Providers, we require that they first contractually agree to comply with reasonable and appropriate privacy and security standards as well as applicable law.

3.2 Business Transfers. We may change ownership or corporate organization while providing the Services. In the event we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as a part of that transaction. We cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Privacy Policy.

3.3 Authorized Third Parties. While using our Services, you may elect to receive information and/or marketing offers from a third party. You may also consent to the sharing of your information with a third party such as a social networking site like Facebook or Twitter.

3.4 Other Service Users: when you post or disclose any of your information in public forums such as a blog, bulletin board, chat room, user commenting features or other interactive sharing or social feature that may be offered or accessed through one or more of the Services, the information you disclose there may also become available to other users and the general public. Please exercise appropriate care prior to disclosing any of your information online.

3.5 Legal Disclosures. Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose your information to third parties in order to comply with a legal obligation such as a subpoena, warrant, judicial or administrative order, or as otherwise required by applicable law. We may also disclose information where we, in good faith, deem it appropriate or necessary to enforce or prevent a violation of our Terms of Use or other applicable policies, to address fraud, security or technical issues, to respond to an emergency, or to otherwise protect our Services, clients and visitors.

**4\. How We Will Protect Your Personal Information.** We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect the Personal Information we collect through the Services, including the implementation and maintenance of organizational, technical and administrative procedures to prevent unauthorized or unlawful access, disclosure or destruction. Users of the Services must also do their part in protecting the data, systems, networks and service they are utilizing. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use the Services and provide us with your information at your own risk. If you have reason to believe that your Personal Information is no longer secure (for example, your Extensis account password may have been compromised), please immediately write to us at the physical address set forth below in the section “Contact Information” or email us at [privacy@celartem.com](mailto:privacy@celartem.com).

**5\. Your Choices On How We Use Your Information.**

5.1 Your Personal Information. You control the Personal Information that you provide to us in connection with the Services; however certain fields may be required for the provision of Services. You may, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain Personal Information that you have provided to us by editing your registered user information, writing to us at the physical address set forth below in the section “Contact Information”, or emailing us at [privacy@celartem.com](mailto:privacy@celartem.com). We endeavor to retain your information for as long as your Celartem Account is active or as needed to provide you with certain Services. We will also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

5.2 Marketing Preferences. If you wish to remove yourself from individual communications, including marketing promotions, advertisements, updates and email newsletters, simply click the unsubscribe or subscription management link in the communication. We will comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable, and within the time period required by applicable law. Please also note that if you choose not to receive marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative and transactional messages (i.e., service notifications, changes to our terms, conditions and policies) in connection with your Services.

5.3 Disabling & Opting Out of Cookies; “Do Not Track”. We do not require that you consent to the placement of the cookies described above. To learn how you may be able to reduce the number of cookies you receive from us, or delete cookies that have already been installed in your browser’s cookie folder, or prevent tracking activities, please refer to your browser’s tools or help menu or other instructions related to your browser. Because an industry-standard Do-Not-Track protocol has not yet been established, our information collection practices on our sites will continue to operate as described in this online privacy policy regardless of any “Do Not Track” signals that may be sent by certain browsers. However, you may refuse to accept cookies in order to prevent tracking activities. If you do disable or opt out of receiving cookies, please be aware that some Services, such as our store, may not be available, work, or work as designed because we may not be able to recognize and associate you with your account(s). In addition, the offers we provide when you visit us may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests.

**6\. Use of Services by Minors.** We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of the United States and similar laws around the world where applicable to our Services. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children without proper parental consent. If you believe that we may have collected Personal Information from someone under the applicable age of consent without parental consent, please write to us at the physical address set forth below in the section “Contact Information” or email us at [privacy@celartem.com](mailto:privacy@celartem.com) and we will promptly address this issue.

**7\. International Transfers of Personal Information.** We are a U.S.-based, global company. We may transfer your Personal Information, in compliance with applicable laws, to any international affiliate or Service Provider who may be located in a different county to you. If you reside in and utilize our Services from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, please note that we may be transferring your personal data outside of those jurisdictions to the United States. The United States does not have the same data protection laws as the EEA, Switzerland and other regions. Celartem complies with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information transferred from the EEA and Switzerland, respectively, to the United States. To learn more, please view our [E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice by clicking here](https://web.archive.org/privacy-shield-policy?hsLang=en). By providing Personal Information under this Privacy Policy, you consent to the processing of your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy and the transfer of your Personal Information to the United States.

**8\. For Users in the EEA and Switzerland.** If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, the following information applies.

_Purposes of processing and legal basis for processing Personal Information_ : As explained above, we process Personal Information in various ways depending upon your use of our Services. We process Personal Information on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide Services; and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the Services where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedom related to data privacy.

_Right to lodge a complaint:_ Users that reside in the EEA or Switzerland have the right to lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with the supervisory authority concerned. Contact details for data protection authorities are here: http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080

_Transfers:_ Personal Information we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which we or our affiliates, partners, or Service Providers maintain facilities. Upon the start of enforcement of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we will continue to ensure that transfers of Personal Information to a third country or an international organization are subject to appropriate safeguards as described in Article 46 of the GDPR.

_Individual Rights:_ If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, in addition to the right to be informed, the right of access, the right to rectification, the right to data portability, and rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling, you are entitled to the following rights once the GDPR becomes effective. In order to verify your identity, we may require you to provide us with Personal Information prior to accessing any records containing information about you.

The right to request data erasure. You have the right to have your Personal Information erased from our Services if the data is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, you withdraw consent and no other legal basis for processing exists, or you believe your fundamental rights to data privacy and protection outweigh our legitimate interest in continuing the processing.

The right to restrict or object to our processing. You have the right to restrict or object to our processing of your Personal Information if we are processing your Personal Information based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest as an exercise of official authority (including profiling); using your data for direct marketing (including profiling); or processing your Personal Information for purposes of scientific or historical research and statistics.

**9\. California Privacy Rights.** In addition to the rights set forth in this Privacy Policy, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents who are our customers to request certain information regarding disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at the physical address set forth below in the section “Contact Information” or e-mail us at: [privacy@celartem.com](mailto:privacy@celartem.com).

**10.Changes.** We may update the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our Privacy Policy.

**11\. Contact Information.** If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please send your questions to:  
ATTN: Privacy  
Celartem, Inc. dba Extensis and LizardTech  
1800 SW First Avenue, Suite 500  
Portland, Oregon 97201

[privacy@celartem.com](mailto:privacy@celartem.com).
