> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yarabook.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181231141839id_/https%3A//yarabook.com/terms/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# YaraBook | Privacy Policy

#### Data Policy

Things you do and information you provide: We acquire the content and different facts you provide whilst you use our offerings, along with while you join up for an account, create or proportion, and message or communicate with others. This can include information in or about the content material you offer, such as the region of a photograph or the date a document become created. We additionally gather information about how you operate our services, inclusive of the types of content material you view or engage with or the frequency and period of your sports. \------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Things others do and information they provide: We also acquire content material and statistics that different human beings provide once they use our offerings, together with information about you, along with after they share a photo of you, send a message to you, or upload, sync or import your touch information. Your networks and connections: We acquire facts about the people and agencies you're linked to and the way you have interaction with them, such as the people you communicate with the maximum or the groups you like to share with. We also accumulate contact statistics you offer if you add, sync or import this facts (such as an address e-book) from a device. Information about payments: If you use our offerings for purchases or financial transactions (like whilst you purchase something on website, make a purchase in a sport, or make a donation), we gather records about the purchase or transaction. This includes your charge facts, together with your credit or debit card range and different card information, and other account and authentication records, as well as billing, shipping and phone details. Device information: We gather data from or about the computer systems, telephones, or other gadgets in which you install or get entry to our offerings, relying on the permissions you’ve granted. We might also accomplice the information we acquire from your extraordinary devices, which enables us provide consistent services across your gadgets. Here are a few examples of the device statistics we accumulate: Attributes together with the operating system, hardware version, tool settings, report and software program names and types, battery and signal electricity, and device identifiers. Device locations, together with precise geographic location, along with through GPS, Bluetooth, or Wi-Fi signals. Connection statistics consisting of the name of your cellular operator or ISP, browser kind, language and time zones, smartphone wide variety and IP deal with. Information from websites and apps that use our Services: We gather records when you visit or use our third party websites and apps that use our services. This consists of information approximately the websites and apps you go to, your use of our services on the ones web sites and apps, in addition to facts the developer or writer of the app or website provides to you or us. How do we use this information? We are passionate with growing enticing and customized reviews for human beings. We use all the facts we have to assist us offer and assist our services. Here’s how: Provide, improve and develop Services: we're capable of supply our services, personalize content material, and make pointers for you by using the use of this records to understand how you use and interact with our offerings and the humans or things you’re linked to and interested by on and stale our offerings. We additionally use information we must offer shortcuts and recommendations to you. For instance, we're capable to suggest that your pal tag you in a picture by way of evaluating your friend's snap shots to information we've got put together out of your profile snap shots and the other photographs in which you've been tagged. If this selection is enabled for you, you may manipulate whether we suggest that some other user tag you in a photograph the use of the “Timeline and Tagging” settings. When we've region facts, we use it to tailor our offerings for you and others, like supporting you to test-in and find local activities or offers for your location or tell your buddies which you are nearby. We behavior surveys and studies, check capabilities in improvement, and analyze the records we must evaluate and enhance products and services, expand new merchandise or features, and behavior audits and troubleshooting activities. Communicate with you: We use your information to send you advertising communications speak with you about our services and will let you know approximately our rules and terms. We additionally use your records to respond to you while you contact us. Show and measure ads and services: We use the data we should enhance our advertising and measurement systems so we will display you relevant ads on and stale our offerings and measure the effectiveness and reach of ads and services. Learn more about advertising on our services and the way you may manage how statistics about you is used to customize the ads you spot. Promote safety and security: We use the statistics we should help affirm accounts and hobby, and to promote safety and security on and rancid of our services, including by way of investigating suspicious pastime or violations of our terms or rules. We work tough to defend your account the usage of groups of engineers, computerized structures, and advanced era along with encryption and machine gaining knowledge of. We also offer smooth-to-use protection equipment that upload further layer of safety on your account. How is this information shared? Sharing On Our Services People use our Services to connect and share with others. We make this possible by sharing your information in the following ways: People you share and communicate with. In a few instances, human beings you proportion and communicate with may additionally down load or re-proportion this content material with others on and rancid our offerings. While you comment on any other man or woman’s publish or like their content on the internet site, that individual decides the audience who can see your remark or like. If their target audience is public, your remark can also be public. People that see content others share about you: Different people may additionally use our services to share content material approximately you with the audience they select. as an instance, humans can also percentage a picture of you, point out or tag you at a vicinity in a post, or share facts about you that you shared with them. If you have concerns with a person’s submit, social reporting is a manner for humans to fast and without problems ask for help from a person they consider. Advertising, Measurement and Analytics Services (Non-Personally Identifiable Information Only): We want our advertising to be as relevant and exciting as the alternative statistics you locate on our offerings. With this in mind, we use all the facts we've approximately you to reveal you relevant commercials. We do no longer proportion information that personally identifies you (for my part identifiable information is data like name or e-mail cope with that can with the aid of itself be used to touch you or identifies who you are) with advertising, measurement or analytics partners except you supply us permission. We can also offer these companions with statistics about the reach and effectiveness in their advertising and marketing without supplying records that in my view identifies you, or if we have aggregated the information so that it does now not for my part pick out you. as an example, we may additionally tell an advertiser how its commercials completed, or what number of human beings viewed their advertisements or installed an app after seeing an advert, or provide non-individually identifying demographic information (together with 25 year vintage girl, in Madrid, who likes software engineering) to these companions to assist them understand their audience or clients, however only after the advertiser has agreed to abide by using our advertiser tips. Please overview your advertising and marketing possibilities to understand why you’re seeing a particular ad on our website. You may alter your ad possibilities in case you need to adjust and control your ad experience. Vendors, service providers and other partners: We transfer information to vendors, carrier carriers, and other companions who globally support our enterprise, including providing technical infrastructure services, reading how our offerings are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, presenting customer support, facilitating bills, or carrying out academic studies and surveys. These companions ought to adhere to strict confidentiality duties in a manner this is constant with this facts coverage and the agreements we enter into with them. 
