> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the apeainthepod.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030626190212id_/http%3A//apeainthepod.com/Privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# A Pea in the Pod - Maternity Clothing and Accessories Redefined!

|   | 

  
**Your Privacy  
**  

At APeaInThePod.com, we are committed to providing our customers with high quality maternity and nursing wear products. So that our customers can feel as confident and secure about shopping on line as they do with our products generally, we have developed the following policy to explain our dedication to the customer's privacy and to ensure that customers have easy access to information about our data collection and dissemination practices. 

**Customer Information We Collect On Line **

When you visit APeaInThePod.com, our web server will automatically recognize your domain name, but will not gain automatic access to any other individually identifying customer information, including your e-mail address. With the exception of this single automatic process, the only information we collect about you is that which you volunteer either when requesting a catalog or at the check-out screen when you are ordering our products. On each of these screens, you have the opportunity to provide us with your personal contact information (i.e., name, address, e-mail), as well as your child's birth date or due date. Additionally, when you place an order with us, you may volunteer your credit card billing information and e-mail address, so that we may process your order and timely notify you of its status. 

**How We Protect Customer Information**

When you volunteer personal information on our web site, all such information is encrypted before it is sent to our server. We utilize SSL (Secure Socket Layering) to encrypt your information when transferring it to our server. Additionally, we maintain appropriate safeguards internally to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of your personal information within our company. 

Do We Employ **Cookies?** **Cookies** are small files stored on your computer hard drive. They are generated by web sites such as APeaInThePod.com to provide customers with certain features which increase the ease of on line shopping. 

**What Information We May Share With Others**

Occasionally, we are approached by other companies or organizations that have a product or service we believe might be of interest to you. We may share the personal contact information and child's due date/birth date you volunteer to us with these companies. Should you prefer, however, that we refrain from sharing this information with such third parties, you may **opt-out** by simply notifying us by e-mail, telephone or postal address that you do not want your personal information shared. E-mail should be directed to information@APeaInThePod.com or you may reach us by phone at 1.877.APEAPOD (877.273.2763). Additionally, our postal address is: Mothers Work, Inc., 456 North Fifth Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19123. 

Our Mailing List: Removing or Making Corrections to Your Personal Information By contacting us through any of the above-listed means, you may also choose to remove your name from our own customer list, which we use to send customers catalogs, notices of upcoming promotions and other hard-copy and e-mail information. So long as you choose to remain on our mailing list, however, we provide you with the ability to update, correct or change your personal information by contacting us at the telephone number, e-mail and postal addresses listed above. **For questions** **  
** For questions concerning our shipping procedures please email us at [information@APeaInThePod](mailto:information@information@APeaInThePod) or call us at 1.877.APEAPOD, Monday - Friday 8am - 8pm Est.  
  
---|---
