> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the modamob.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130310030458id_/http%3A//www.modamob.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Effective Date: _January 1, 2007_

HOLLYSCOOP is a general audience web site, and does not knowingly collect PII from children under 13 years of age. 

From time to time HOLLYSCOOP may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our PII collection and use practices, the features of our web sites or technology. If we make revisions that change the way we collect of use your PII, those changes will be posted in the Privacy Policy and the effective date will be noted at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Therefore, you should review it periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices. If HOLLYSCOOP materially changes its practices regarding collection or use of your PII, your PII will continue to be governed by the Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of and have not objected to the change. 

**1\. Types of Information Collected**  
 **Personal Data.** Personally Identifiable Information ("Personal Data") is any information that can be used to identify a specific individual, such as your name, email address, home address, phone number and credit card information. This Site collects Personal Data when you interact with the Site, for example when you register for our Subscription Services; subscribe for newsletters; chat rooms or message boards; participate in chat rooms, blogs or other user forums; respond to polls or surveys; purchase merchandise via the Site; register for sweepstakes, contests and other promotional opportunities. HOLLYSCOOP collects personally identifiable information ("PII" -- that is, information such as your full name, email address, mailing address or telephone number) only in order to create or enhance our relationship with you. When we collect PII from you, it is because you voluntarily submit the information to us in order to participate in activities like sweepstakes, contests, games, surveys, forums, subscription registrations, chats or bulletin boards, in connection with content or suggestions you submit to us or because you want us to furnish you with products, services or information. We may also obtain PII from third parties. 

**Cookies.** Cookies are small bits of information that the HOLLYSCOOP web sites place on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on our site(s) and enable HOLLYSCOOP to make your visits to our site(s) more enjoyable. For example, cookies can store your password for easy logon to a site you have previously visited, can save your preferences for a personalized home page. Information about your activities on HOLLYSCOOP sites and other non-personally identifiable information about you may also be used to limit the online ads you encounter to those we believe are consistent with your interests. Third party advertisements displayed on HOLLYSCOOP´s sites may also contain cookies set by Internet advertising companies or advertisers. HOLLYSCOOP does not control these advertiser cookies. Visitors to our web site(s) should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies (see "Notice" below for more information on third party advertisements). 

**2\. HOLLYSCOOP´S Use of Your Data**  
We will use your Personal Data for the purposes for which it was provided. For example, if you provide Personal Data to register for a newsletter, or to enter a contest or a sweepstake, or to purchase goods or services, we will use it to register you for or provide you with those goods or services. We may also use your Personal Data to provide you with information about features, services and other offerings that may be of interest to you. We also may send information or offers to selected groups of Site users on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give those businesses your name or address. Under certain circumstances (for example if you win a contest) we may post your Personal Data on the Site. We will notify you of this possibility when you provide the Personal Data and, if possible, when the Personal Data is posted. 

Provided you have given us permission, HOLLYSCOOP may also share your PII with advertisers and business partners that are not affiliated with HOLLYSCOOP, but would like to send you information about their products and services. For example, some of the companies who supply prizes for HOLLYSCOOP´s contests may have special offers or promotions that might be of interest to HOLLYSCOOP viewers. However, you will always have the opportunity to instruct us not to share your information with third parties when PII is collected. Moreover, we will never share your credit card information with third parties except those HOLLYSCOOP uses to perform tasks (such as order fulfillment and payment processing) required to complete purchases you make through HOLLYSCOOP web sties. 

HOLLYSCOOP may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess the technology that allows HOLLYSCOOP to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on our web sites. Your non-PII and click stream data about your activities on our sites may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. These companies will not share your information with any third party or use it for any other purposes. Anonymous click stream and demographic information may also be shared with HOLLYSCOOP´s advertisers and business partners. 

There may be instances when HOLLYSCOOP may disclose PII without providing you with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of HOLLYSCOOP, to protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with the law or legal process. In addition, if HOLLYSCOOP sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, HOLLYSCOOP may transfer your PII to a third party as part of that transaction. 

**3\. Third-Party Advertising and Links to Other Sites**  
This Site includes third-party advertising. These third parties´ websites and advertisers, or the Internet advertising companies that work on their behalf, may use technology to send (or "serve") the advertisements that appear on our Site directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, Javascript, Pixel Tags and other technologies to deliver advertisements, collect information about the effectiveness of their advertisements, and to collect anonymous information about your visits to the Site, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other Personal Data). 

Please note that this Site contains links to other sites that will not follow the same Privacy Policy as our Site. For instance, clicking on an advertisement or on links or other elements on the Site may take you to an entirely different site. Links to other sites may use our Site logo or style as a result of a co-branding agreement. These sites may send their own cookies to you and may collect data and make use of that data in ways that this Site would not. Once you´ve left this Site, this Privacy Policy will no longer apply to Personal Data or any other data collected from or provided by you. You should check the applicable privacy policy to determine how that site will handle such data. 

**4\. HOLLYSCOOP Protects the Security of PII**  
HOLLYSCOOP uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard PII in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. In addition, HOLLYSCOOP uses reasonable methods to make sure that PII is accurate, up-to-date and appropriately complete. Passwords and other sensitive information stored by HOLLYSCOOP are encrypted both in transit and when stored within HOLLYSCOOP´s online databases. 

**5\. Children and Privacy**  
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children. At various places on the Site or Other Services, we may ask users for their age. By using the Site or Other Services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age. Children under the age of 13 years of age are expressly prohibited from submitting or posting any Personal Data on the Site or Other Services. 

**6\. Message Boards, Chat Rooms, Blogs and Other User Forums**  
Please remember that information posted to message boards, chat rooms, blogs and other user forums becomes public information. Use caution when posting. Individuals under the age of 18 should be especially careful not to provide any personally identifiable information when participating in any area of the Site where postings might become public. 

**7\. Data Security Disclaimer**  
HOLLYSCOOP takes reasonable security precautions to secure the Personal Data that you choose to provide against the loss, misuse, alteration or unauthorized access of such information. Unfortunately, no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of HOLLYSCOOP to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your Personal Data, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Data you transmit to us. Any such transmission is done at your own risk. 

**8\. Applicable Law**  
We control and operate this Site from the United States. The Site is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Please note that we do not represent or warrant that the Site is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Site do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. 

**9\. Contact Information**  
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please write to Hollyscoop.com at 215 W Palm Ave Ste 202, Burbank, CA 91502.
