> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the moddeals.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130609195746id_/http%3A//www.moddeals.com/privacypolicy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Usage of Personal Information - Cookies | ModDeals.com

**Last Updated: April 25th, 2013**

Moddeals.com TAKES PRIVACY SERIOUSLY. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy applies to the use of the Site(s) (as defined below), including by customers and other persons. Except as otherwise indicated, customers and other persons using the Site are individually and collectively referred to as “you”, “your” or “Customer”, and Modmerica Group LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliates are referred to as, "Mod deals", "Moddeals.com", "we", "us" and "our."

The family of Web sites operated by or on behalf of ModMerica Group LLC (the "Site(s)"), including, but not limited to, moddeals.com, modmerica.com, and shoemagoo.com and any other website(s) owned and/or operated by Modmerica Group LLC and any of their associated web pages, are committed to implementing policies and procedures designed to protect your privacy and security, in addition to providing you with the best possible online experience. To achieve that goal, we want you to understand what kinds of information we gather from and about you, how this information is used, shared and safeguarded, and how you can control its use. In order to offer various products and services to our Customers, Moddeals.com needs to collect certain information as described in this Privacy Policy.

In conjunction with this Privacy Policy, you should also review our Terms of Use for a more complete understanding of the rules governing our Sites.

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU**

Information we collect from you will vary, depending on how you use the Site(s) and information you may choose to provide to us (whether through email, phone, internet or otherwise).

**Personal Information:**

We may require Customers who visit the Site and/or purchase products on the Site to give us personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”). Personal Information is individually identifiable information about you that we collect online, including, but not limited to, your full name, a user name and password, email address, phone number, physical address, financial information, and your credit card information and other billing information. Information in a form that (a) is aggregated with other information, (b) anonymized, or (c) is otherwise is detached, combined, organized, segmented, modified or processed, in each case so as not to be reasonably capable of being associated with you, will not be considered Personal Information, and will not be restricted by this Privacy Policy as to use, sharing or otherwise. You can choose not to provide us with Personal Information, but then you may not be able to fully take advantage of certain features of our Site(s) and we may not be able to provide you with certain requested information, products and/or services.

**Automatic Collection of Information:**

Like many Web sites on the Internet, we automatically track certain information about you as you visit and use our Site(s) to help us (i) better understand, improve and modify the Site(s), (ii) better understand how the Site(s) are used and experienced, and (iii) better understand how we can enhance your or others overall experience on one or more of the Site(s), including providing advertising and other information that is relevant to you. This tracked or automatically gathered information may include, among other things, your computer’s IP address (Internet Protocol address), browser type, the URLs and Site pages you’ve visited, sections of or content on Site pages on which you click or in which you are interested, the number of times you visit each Site page, what downloads and/or search queries you have made, and how long you spent on particular sections of each Site and on each Site generally. This automatically gathered data includes information provided through the use of "cookies" (described in more detail below).

**Information from Cookies:**

When you visit our Site(s), we may send a small file to your computer (a “cookie”) which is stored there so that we can recognize your computer as a unique machine the next time you visit the Site(s), and which also enables us to, among other things, to tailor the Site(s) to your’s and other Customers’ needs. You are always free to decline any cookies we use if your internet browser permits. However, please note that by declining cookies, certain functionalities of the Site(s) will not be available to you, including that you will not be able to establish a shopping cart session or make a purchase online through the Site(s). Additionally, some of our third-party service providers working on our behalf may also utilize their own cookies. Also, we and our third-party service providers sometimes use "clear GIFs" in connection with cookies and other website functions. Clear GIFs perform administrative functions (but without detracting from your online experience), including being used to perform statistical and administrative tasks such as measuring Site and page traffic and verifying advertising avenues and positioning images on the web. However, please note that clear GIFs do not collect Personal Information.

**HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS USED AND SHARED**

The use and sharing of information about you depends on the context in which it is collected. Please see the categories below that relate to the features and functionality of the Site(s) that you wish to utilize.

**Personal Information:** We may share the Personal Information we collect from you only with your consent or under the following circumstances: User-Requested Services and Information: For information, features, products and services offered and/or provided by the Site(s), the information you submit is used by us to provide the information, feature, product or service you've requested, including being used for internal purposes such as tracking your order, analyzing your preferences, and noting trends and statistics. We may also share this information with others, but Personal Information will be shared by us only to fulfill your request or to facilitate your use of the information, features, products or services, or as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Policy. When sharing Personal Information in such a manner, we may also share your Internet Protocol (IP) address. In addition, we may use and share any registration information that you submit as described in the “Registration Information” section below.

We may use other companies and individuals (1) to perform supporting functions for the various tools, functionality, information, products and services offered on or through our Sites on our behalf, (2) to perform or support various tasks or initiatives instrumental to the business of, or related to operating or improving, the Sites or (3) to assist us in testing, maintaining or improving the features, content or effectiveness of the Sites or in performing research or development. These service providers may be permitted to receive and use information collected from you but will not be authorized by us to use Personal Information for any other purpose other than in connection with performing the support functions for Moddeals.com or such other tasks, initiatives or assistance for ModDeals.com.

For information, features, products and services marketed or offered to you jointly or on a coordinated basis by us and a third party, Personal Information may be shared with or independently gathered by the third party. In these situations, ModDeals.com will use Personal Information only to facilitate such information, features, products and services (or information about them) being made available to you or as outlined in this Privacy Policy, but the third party may use the information in different ways. You typically can tell when information, features, products or services are marketed or offered jointly or in coordination with a third party because a page or area of the Sites often will display the third party's logo and/or name (whether or not along with our own), may describe or reference the relationship between Moddeals.com and the third party, or may be set up so that you can contact or be linked to the third party or its Web site to initiate, complete or learn more about the transaction. Please be aware that each third party we do business with has its own policies regarding its use, sharing and protection of information about you and that such policies may differ from those outlined in this Privacy Policy. You are responsible for and should familiarize yourself with any such policies of these third parties.

**User-Initiated Communication:** From time to time, portions of the Site(s) may enable you to send email and other types of messages to us or to third parties and to participate in blogs and other discussion groups. All such emails, comments and messages, and all such postings to blogs and/or discussion groups, become our property once you submit them (please see our Terms of Use for more details on this). Your Internet Protocol (IP) address may be included in any email that you send, whether to us or to third parties. Whenever you choose to initiate these kinds of communication with us, or anyone else, you may be contacted in return. Also, remember that our Site(s) and blogs are open to the public, and, therefore, your postings can be seen by anyone and are therefore not protected by us or any other entity. Please use your own discretion when deciding whether and what to post and whom to contact. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to edit or delete postings from our Site(s), blogs, and discussion groups. This reservation of rights shall not under any circumstances obligate us to conduct such edits or deletions, nor shall it cause us to be liable for any such edits or deletions.

**Protection of rights:** We may release Personal Information or other information we collect from you if we believe that such action is appropriate to: (1) comply with legal requests and processes; (2) enforce the Terms of Use for the applicable Site(s); (3) identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who are or we believe have caused or might cause injury to us or a third party; (4) defend or respond to claims brought or threatened against Moddeals.com, its employees, directors, suppliers or service providers, users of the Site(s) or others; or (5) otherwise protect or assert the rights, property, interests or personal safety of Moddeals.com, its employees, directors, suppliers or service providers, users of the Site(s) or others. Any such release decisions may be made by us in our sole discretion.

**Record Keeping:** It may be necessary for Moddeals.com keep records of certain Personal Information you have provided to us or which we have obtained from you in accordance with this Privacy Policy for business purposes, including but not limited to for internal accounting and administration, to supply you with information about your account, to respond to inquiries, to enhance customer service and product options, to improve product performance, promotions, and special offers where you voluntarily supplied your personal details, to administer sales records, to provide information about us, our products, services and special offers, and to analyze usage on our Site(s).

**Business or Asset transfers:** We continue to develop our business and in doing so may choose to buy or sell our business or related assets. Personal Information and other information we collect from you is generally one of the assets acquired or transferred in such transactions. Registration Information: The Personal Information you provide when you become a registered user of and create an account on one of the Sites is used primarily to provide the information, features, products and/or services you purchase or request, to help us customize or enhance your or others’ online experience, and to increase the convenience of accessing new or existing tools, products and services on the Site(s). If applicable, this Personal Information may also be shared among the Sites to make use of the Sites more convenient by, for example, limiting the number of times you have to register with us. Your email address serves as a unique identifier in our record system, and together with your password, is designed to help us prevent unauthorized access to information you choose to store on the Site(s). The data you give us about your personal preferences and demographics (e.g., your age, ZIP code, or the like) may be used to help us offer tailored content, products, and services that we believe will be of interest to you. In addition, we may share this information, in aggregate or other protected forms (see the section entitled “Information We Collect From you: Personal Information,” above) or under confidentiality terms, with our current and/or future service providers so that either they or us can present and deliver products, functionality and services to you more effectively.

**Promotions and Marketing:** Unless you specify that you'd prefer not to hear from us, if you provide your email address to us (whether on the Site(s) or on a third party Web site) for promotional or other purposes at the time of registration or otherwise, we may use this to contact you for promotional or other purposes. You may have these communications terminated and opt out at any time by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link contained in any promotional email. If applicable, please be aware that opting out on one of our Sites, does not opt you out from any of our other Sites unless that option is specifically provided. Please note that despite unsubscribing from such communications, Moddeals.com may still contact you in relation to your order(s), purchase(s) or any issues relating any business you conduct with Moddeals.com.

**Internet Protocol (IP) Address:** When sharing Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, we may also share your Internet Protocol (IP) address.

**Forgot Your Password?:** If you forget your password for any registered area of the Site(s), we have an automated password recovery system, which can be accessed by following these steps: (1) click on “My Account” in the upper right corner of the Site and choose “Log In / Create”; (2) click “I forgot my password” in the “Sign In” section; (3) enter the email address you used to register previously; (4) you will receive an email titled “Moddeals Password Assistance” at the email address you entered; (5) click on the link included in the email, which will bring up a secure web page which allows you to reset your password.

**Non-personal Information:**

**Automatically Gathered Information:** Information that is automatically gathered, including through the use of cookies (as defined above), may be shared among the Sites, if applicable. It may also be shared with other third parties, including service providers and others, so that we may better understand how the Site(s) are used, to enhance the overall experience on the Site(s), and otherwise in connection with our operation of the Site(s) and conducting related business. When such information is shared with third parties, any Personal Information will be included only if first put in aggregated or other protected form (see the section entitled “Information We Collect From You: Personal Information,” above) or the third party is contractually restricted from using such Personal Information for any purpose other than in connection with the purpose for which it was shared by Moddeals.com.

**CHILDREN’S PRIVACY**

Our Site(s) are general audience Web sites and are not directed at children under age 13. ModDeals nor the Site(s) do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under age 13, and if you are under the age of 13 you should not register or provide information on our Site(s) or to Moddeals.com. If you have knowledge that a child under the age of 13 has submitted Personal Information to us, please email customercare@moddeals.com.

**HOW CAN I ACCESS AND CHANGE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?**

To view, edit or delete the Personal Information that you submitted on the Site(s) during registration, the purchase of a product or service, or otherwise, please follow these steps: (1) click “My Account” in the upper right corner of the Site and choose “Log In / Create”; (2) fill out the “Email” and “Password” fields in the “Sign In” section, then click “Sign In”; and (3) You will then be able to modify your account settings, including your email address and/or password related to this account, addresses and credit card information (if any).

If you would like us to no longer use or share Personal Information we may gather from you to market information to you, with our affiliates, partners or other service providers, please send a request to customercare@moddeals.com.

However, archival or backup copies of Personal Information will not cease to exist and ModDeals shall not be liable for any problems in this editing process.

Please keep in mind that any change you request regarding Personal Information may adversely affect or otherwise change the availability, deliverability or quality for you of information, features, products or services in which you are interested or your experience on or relating to the Site(s).

**HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION PROTECTED?**

Whenever Personal Information is stored on our computers (which may be for an indefinite period, or a more limited time based on obsolescence or other factors), that information is protected from unauthorized access or use by way of passwords or other industry-acknowledged means. In addition, servers of ours that store this information are located behind a firewall. Since certain Personal Information is especially sensitive, we take special care to keep it secure. We will only electronically transmit or ask for this information over secure Internet connections using SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption and/or VPN (Virtual Private Network) encryption, each of which is an accepted standard for online security, and security keys. In addition, we require password authentication from any third parties you have authorized to receive this information. Finally, to the extent that we may ask for and will store for a period of time Personal Information consisting of your credit card number or financial information, this information will be stored on secure designated servers where access is limited to individuals in departments charged with using such information only in connection with processing your orders and/or payment for products and services purchased; provided, however, that those orders and/or payments processed by our business partners, marketing allies and/or service providers that provide or participate in providing the services or products requested or that participate in the payment processes related to such may store such information on their servers which are governed by such third party’s privacy policy and security procedures.

Of course, we appreciate your help in safeguarding the integrity of your own and others' privacy. We hope you'll use common sense whenever you disclose Personal Information over the Internet. Just as importantly, we encourage you to let us know immediately if you suspect that Personal Information you share with us is being used in any way contrary to this Privacy Policy. Finally, unfortunately no data transmission over the Internet nor any storage of information on servers or other media can be guaranteed or made to be 100% secure; and while we strive to protect Personal Information, as outlined in this Privacy Policy, we cannot promise, guarantee or warrant the complete security of information. To contact us, please send an email to customercare@moddeals.com.

**SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY: OUTSIDE LINKS**

Be aware that our Sites link to other Web sites that may collect personally identifiable information about you. This Privacy Policy applies only to the Sites, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices, nor the content, associated with any linked Web sites. You should refer to the privacy policies and statements of other Web sites or contact the respective Webmasters of those Web sites to obtain information regarding their information collection, security, use and disclosure policies.

**EFFECTIVE DATE AND MODIFICATIONS**

This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date first written above and may be updated and modified from time to time by us in our sole discretion. If we choose to update or modify this Privacy Policy, such updated or modified policy shall become effective five (5) business days after its posting on the applicable Site(s). Accordingly, we encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy and the Sites in order to keep apprised of our current privacy practices. If you do not agree to any provision of this Privacy Policy, or any update or modification of it, please do not use the Sites.

**CONTACTING US**

Security & Privacy  
Legal Department  
ModDeals.com  
6020 Progressive Ave #100  
San Diego CA 92154  
619.810.4600  
**Email:** Customercare@moddeals.com
