> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the modernlinefurniture.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180511112025id_/http%3A//www.modernlinefurniture.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Modern Line Furniture - Commercial Furniture - Custom Made Furniture | Privacy Policy

_This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. Please see the[Yahoo! Privacy Policy](http://privacy.yahoo.com/privacy/us/) for more information about how Yahoo! uses this information._Privacy policy

Modern Line Furniture respects the privacy of its customers. All information gathered by Modern Line Furniture through your order is kept strictly confidential and will not be distributed to any company or individual EVER. Any information you give us is held with the utmost care and security, and will not be used in a manner to which you have not consented. The information will be used only to make sure that your order gets delivered to you in the timeliest manner possible.  
Third-Party Web Beacons: We use third-party web beacons from Yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Yahoo! may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!, [click here](https://reports.web.analytics.yahoo.com/optout,OptOut.vm?domain=a.analytics.yahoo.com).
