> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the modis.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151218153938id_/http%3A//www.modis.com/en-us/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Modis

This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to the website you are currently viewing, as well as any other website, owned or operated by or for Adecco Group North America (“Adecco”) to which you may link from this website (collectively, the “Adecco Sites”), and informs you about the type of information that may be collected and used by the Adecco Sites. By visiting or using any of the Adecco Sites, you consent to all collection of personal information, personal data, and other information/data (“Information”), as well as the uses described in this Privacy Policy. 

### 1\. Collection of Information

A. Purpose. Users can access certain features of the Adecco Sites without disclosing Information. Users may be required to register for an account in order to access certain content/portions of the Adecco Sites. B. Information Sought During Registration. The Adecco Sites may ask you to enter, or may collect in other ways, Information including without limitation your name, phone number, email address, geographic location, age or age range, other demographic (personal) information/data, and browser history (Internet sites visited). C. Information Sought During Website Sweepstakes or Contests. When the Adecco Sites offer sweepstakes or contests, Information may be collected with the primary purpose of notifying you if you win the sweepstakes or contest, but such Information may be used for the other purposes described in this Privacy Policy. D. Automatically Collected Information. Information concerning the computer hardware and software you are using when you visit the Adecco Sites may be collected automatically. This information may include: the IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referring website addresses. Adecco uses this information primarily to maintain the quality of its service and to provide general statistics about website visitors, but may use the information for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy. E. Storage and Transfer of Personally Identifiable Information. Adecco may store and process Information in the United States of America or any other country in which Adecco or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or agents—domestic or foreign—maintain facilities. By using the Adecco Sites, you consent to any such transfer of Information outside of the country where you reside, where you are a citizen, and/or where you access the Adecco Site(s). 

### 2\. Use and Sharing of Information

A. Adecco collects and uses Information in part to operate the web sites and provide its online and electronic services. The collection of certain Information enables Adecco to send you any newsletter(s), mailings, offers or other matters you may request. Certain information concerning your geographical location may be used to provide regionalized information to Adecco’s customers or other third parties. When you voluntarily enter a sweepstakes or contest, Adecco may request your email address and other Information in order to contact you in the event you are a winner of the sweepstakes or contest or for other uses. Adecco reserves the right to share Information with its affiliates, subsidiaries and third parties for reasonable business purposes without additional permission other than the permission you have granted under the terms of this Privacy Policy. B. Adecco sometimes engages other persons/companies to provide services on Adecco’s behalf, such as sending newsletters, providing customer service, and performing statistical analysis of Adecco’s services. Adecco will generally provide those entities only such Information as is needed to provide Adecco with such services, and Adecco will generally prohibit such entities from using such Information for other purposes, but in certain instances may do so if commercially reasonable. C. Adecco also reserves the right to disclose Information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the requirements of law, the orders of a courts or agencies, and/or other legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of Adecco or others; and/or (c) protect the personal safety of users any of the Adecco Sites or other persons. D. The Adecco Sites sometimes provide hyper-links to third party sites. Adecco encourages you to review the privacy statements of web sites you choose to visit via hyper-links on the Adecco Sites so that you can understand how those web sites collect, use and share Information. Adecco is not responsible for the content, privacy policies, acts or omissions of third-party web sites and their owners/administrators. E. The Adecco Sites sometimes provide links to send email messages to Adecco Site administrators for your convenience, in which case your e-mail address may be used to reply to your inquiry or for other business purposes. For example, Adecco may track the pages on the Adecco Sites that you visit in part to determine which areas of the site are the most popular or of interest to you. This Information may be used to deliver customized content and advertising when behavior indicates an interested in a particular subject area, or for other commercially reasonable business purposes. 

### 3\. Information from Other Sources

Adecco sometimes supplements the Information it receives with Information from other sources. Such outside Information includes such things as: (a) updated delivery and address information, including from carriers or other third parties, which Information enables Adecco to correct its records and deliver services or purchases, or future communication, more easily; (b) account Information; (c) purchase or redemption Information; (d) page-view Information, including from some merchants with whom Adecco operates co-branded businesses or for which Adecco provides technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services; (e) search term and search result Information from searches that may have been conducted through Internet search engines/features; (f) search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links from Google); and (g) credit history Information from credit bureaus, which we may use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services or other commercially reasonable business purposes. 

### 4\. Information Security

The Adecco Sites may require you to use a password selected by you. Passwords shall not be shared and must be kept confidential. You are responsible for all activities that occur through the use of your password, including unauthorized use, and for promptly notifying Adecco of any unauthorized use and any other breach of security with respect to the Adecco Sites. Adecco, in its sole and absolute discretion, may at any time terminate or otherwise restrict access to and use of the Adecco Sites, including without limitation if Adecco should suspect unauthorized use of a password or any other breach of security. If you share a computer with anyone, you should always log out of the website before leaving it to prevent access to your information from subsequent users of that computer. 

### 5\. Use of Cookies

A. The Adecco Sites use cookies to help Adecco make your online experience more individualized. A cookie is a text file that is placed in storage on your computer. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and are read by the web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. B. Cookies are used for convenience and to save you time when you again visit the Adecco Sites. The purpose of cookies is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page, so that, for example, when you visit the page again your experience can be personalized. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but give you the ability to change settings to decline cookies. Accepting cookies may permit you to be logged on the site automatically, and if you decline cookies, you may not be able to sign on automatically or experience the interactive features of the site or other sites you visit, and you may experience technical problems receiving current information from such sites if cookies are disabled. C. Adecco currently uses AdWords remarketing to market our sites across the web. Adecco places a cookie on your computer via the browser and third party software accesses these cookies and may serve an ad to you through your browser for a third party site. You may opt out of this ad service on Google’s opt out page. 

### 6\. Use of Web Beacons

Adecco’s website pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons, also referred to as single-pixel gifs, that permit Adecco to count the number of users who have visited those pages and allow collection of other website statistics, such as the popularity of certain content, verification of system and server integrity, etc. Web beacons are not intended to give Adecco access to your personal Information, but instead to compile aggregated statistical data concerning the use of the Adecco Sites. Web beacons collect limited types of information which may include a cookie number, the time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides. 

### 7\. Blogs

Any personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data that you disclose through any blogs that may be hosted on the Adecco Sites may be collected and used by others. You should assume that any personal information you provide at any blogs on the Adecco Sites will become public. 

### 8\. Children

If you are under 18, you must have your parent or legal guardian access and use the Adecco Sites for you. If you want to purchase any goods or services that may be offered at an Adecco Site, such purchase(s) must be made by your parent or legal guardian on your behalf. 

### 9\. Limitation of Liability and Limited Guarantee

The Adecco Sites may contain errors or problems and are provided “as is.” Adecco disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, in connection with the Adecco Sites, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness. If an Adecco Site fails to perform in accordance with the representations made by Adecco through its corporate offices, Adecco will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the failure. It is expressly agreed that your exclusive remedy, and Adecco’s aggregate liability, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, in connection with the Adecco Sites shall not exceed one hundred dollars ($100.00). Adecco shall in no event be responsible for any incidental, consequential or punitive damages in connection with the Adecco Sites (including, but not limited to, lost profits, business interruption, loss of business information or other pecuniary loss) regardless of whether such liability is based on breach of contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability, breach of warranties, failure of essential purpose, or otherwise, and even if Adecco has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 

### 10\. Contact Information

Adecco welcomes feedback regarding this Privacy Policy. If at any time you believe that an Adecco Site has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact Adecco and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly investigate and correct any problems. Email should be sent to privacy@adeccona.com. 
