> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fssai.gov.in privacy policy that was archived on 2009-04-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090415044229id_/http%3A//www.fssai.gov.in/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FSSAI: Privacy Policy

The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India has been established under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 as a statutory body for laying down science based standards for articles of food and regulating manufacturing, processing, distribution, sale and import of food so as to ensure safe and wholesome food for human consumption.  
**Information we collect automatically though our website**   
We only gather some minor data while you surf our site. Firstly, we collect your IP address through our Internet access logs. When you access www.fssai.gov.in, your Internet address is automatically collected and recorded in our Internet access logs. We use this IP address to enable us to diagnose problems with our web server, to administer our website, and to refine our site based on the pages visited and features and contents found interesting by visitors. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. We also use cookies to gather some data about visitors. A "cookie" is a small piece of data about your visit to our site - for example, how you entered our site, how you navigated through the site, and what information was of interest to you. The website sends this information to your browser, which may then be stored on your system. Currently, we are using cookies only in a select few pages. But we do have the plan to use it more extensively in the near future so that we can provide you with better results from our site. However, you have complete freedom to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. In the case you do not wish to receive any cookies, you can change your browser settings in the Preferences or Options menu to completely block the usage of cookies.  
**Information we ask for**   
Simple browsing through www.fssai.gov.in does not require you to submit any personal data. The only point at which we ask for personal data is for voluntary registration or subscription for white papers, article archives, or our newsletter. The personal data collected will not be sold or provided to any outside entities and will be used solely by fssai for a one-on-one contact with registrants. Any information that we have collected or stored about you may be transferred to a future purchaser of our company and/or its assets. The data collected is stored in a secure server located at our data center with our ISP, which will take periodic backups of it but will not give or sell them to anyone outside of fssai. None of this information is reviewed at an individual level. If you do not want your transaction details used in this manner, you can either disable your cookies or opt out at the download or request page. We also collect information when you voluntarily submit it to us. Throughout our site, we provide the opportunity to register for an event or conference, order a white paper, or participate in an online survey. When we collect this type of information, we will notify you as to why we are asking for information and how this information will be used. It is completely up to you whether or not you want to provide it. 
