> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zgram.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110531032757id_/http%3A//www.datagram.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Datagram | Privacy Policy

“Our,” “us,” and “Datagram” shall mean Datagram, Incorporated. “You” and “your” shall mean any individual who visits or views the Datagram Web site.

**Information regarding Datagram’s privacy practices** This document describes Datagram’s policy regarding information received about you during visits to our Web site. The amount and type of information received depends on how you use our site. This document applies only to Datagram.com; it does not apply to other online or offline Datagram sites, services or products. Please read the entire policy document.

**Normal Web Site Usage** You can visit Datagram’s Web site to read product information or use our online tools without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. The only information we collect and store during normal Web site usage is the name of your Internet service provider, the Web site that referred you to us, the pages you request, and the date and time of those requests. We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of customer visits. During normal Web site usage, we do not collect or store personally identifiable information such as name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number or Social Security Number.

**Collection of Personally Identifiable Information** There are instances where Datagram requests personally identifiable information to provide the Web site visitor a service or correspondence (i.e., promotions and mailed brochures). This information, such as name, mailing address, e-mail address, type of request and possibly additional information, is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data and is used to fulfill your request. The information you provide is used by Datagram to improve the services we provide you. It is never provided to any other company for that company’s independent use.

**Datagram’s Internet Services** To use Datagram’s Internet services, such as e-mail based Sales and Product Information, Customer Support, and Resume Builder, we may require a certain amount of personally identifying information (e.g., name, address, zip code) that we can use to meet with your request. We use this information to identify and access data in the existing relationship we have with you to provide you with the requested services. Again, this information will not be provided to any third party. We request electronic mail addresses (e-mail) as an alternate means of contacting you. Providing your e-mail address is optional.

**Protection of Children’s Personal Information** Datagram.com is a business website intended for a general audience. Datagram does not knowingly collect any personal information from children.

**Electronic Mail Sent to Us Containing Personal Information** Internet users may decide to send Datagram personally identifying information in, for example, messages containing comments about the Datagram Web site. Datagram will only use this information to identify the user. We will not use this information other than to resolve the matter identified in the e-mail. By using this site, you agree not to type or post any fraudulent or illegal messages as part of any e-mail, forum, chat, or other Datagram-related, electronic communications medium. You also acknowledge that you are solely responsible for the information and electronic communications content that you create.

**Terms and Revisions** Datagram may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or to comply with legal process served on Datagram. Datagram may also disclose your personal information in order to protect and defend Datagram’s rights or property. It is possible that Datagram, its subsidiaries, its joint ventures, or any combination of such, could merge with or be acquired by another business entity. Should such a combination occur, you should expect that Datagram would share some or all of your information in order to continue to provide the service.

Your information will be stored and/or processed in the United States. By using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information from your country to Datagram in the United States (if you are located outside the U.S.).

By using this site, you are agreeing to the terms of our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy. A revised Privacy Policy will only apply to data collected subsequent to its effective date. Any revisions will be posted at least 10 business days prior to its effective date. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept these changes.
