> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the authority.builders privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180813073817id_/https%3A//authority.builders/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Authority Builders Co.

Privacy Policy

There are places at our site where you can share your personal information with us, and where you can communicate with others.

Registration. Our registration forms may request your contact information (such as your name, email address, mailing address, etc.), demographic information (such as your country, gender, etc.), internet protocol information, and profile data (such as the industry you engage in, employer, clients, business practices, etc). You may be assigned a site username and/or password. For our internal purposes, we use this information to communicate with you and provide the services you have requested, and to provide a more tailored experience for you. We use aggregate demographic and profile information about our client in order to improve our service for them, for research purposes, marketing/promotional purposes and/or for industry reporting purposes, among others. By visiting our site and agreeing to our terms of services, you affirmatively consent to our collection and use of your data.

Newsletters and Other Communications from Us. Our registered users and customers may receive newsletters, email communications, or communications through other channels for, among other purposes, the promotion and marketing of a product or service from our site and business partners, and we may also offer other visitors to our site the opportunity to sign up to receive such information. When there is a separate sign-up for newsletters, we ask for contact information such as name and email address, and, sometimes, demographic and profile information. By visiting our site, you affirmatively consent to our collection and use of your data. We use this information in the same manner as we use the contact information in the Registration process described above. We may offer our users the choice whether to receive mailings from others that we think will be of interest. Recipients of our mailings can unsubscribe by following instructions that may appear at the end of email communications. Note that in order to keep our registered users informed about the operation of our services, we may send emails and announcements that are needed for the proper functioning and administration of our site and service.

Communications with Us. We have features where you can submit information to us (such as when contacting us with a question or feedback). We may retain your emails and other information you submit to us for our internal purposes, and to help us to serve you better.

Communications with Friends. We may offer features where you can send information to others, such as e-cards or "Tell A Friend" features. We will use the contact information you enter for your friends to send the email or e-card.

Interactive and Community Features. Our site may offer interactive and community features, such as message boards, chat, email accounts, short message service (SMS), instant messaging, profiles, personal homepages, etc. All information posted or sent through these features may be publicly available, and you should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., user name, email address, phone number) through these features, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited communications from other people. By accessing these features and disclosing personal information, you affirmatively consent to the distribution of your personal information as described above. User's posts may be publicly and/or internally associated with their profiles/screen-names. Users are solely responsible for the content of messages they post or send on public forums.

AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION

Our web site has features that automatically collect information from users to assist us in creating sites that honor our user's preferences and serve their interests and needs. Our may site use cookies, which are small data files containing information about the user that are stored on the user's hard drive. Some cookies are used to make login to our site easier (such as by remembering usernames and passwords). Cookies can also enable us to track user's movements and target their interests to enhance their experience at our site. We may also collect clickstream data and assign unique identifiers to our users for the same purposes. Information obtained with these technologies may be associated with your personal information so we can better market to you and customize our advertisements and promotions to your interests. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to our site and other web sites on the Internet in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like to learn more about this practice or find out how you can opt out from allowing these companies to gather this information or use it to display targeted ads, please visit the NAI's website at <http://networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp>. Most common web browsers today, such as Firefox and Internet Explorer, allow you to modify your settings to block cookies entirely, alert you every time they are being sent, or allow their use by only those web sites you choose. You can also delete cookies that are currently stored on your computer's hard drive. To do this within Firefox or Internet Explorer, go to Tools, then Options or Internet Options, and then choose the Privacy tab to make your selections. If you choose to disable cookies, certain features on our web site may not be available or work properly. Also, please note that if you disable/delete all cookies stored on your computer, you will have also disabled the cookies that are used by NAI to help prevent you from receiving unwanted advertising from third party ad networks. If you do not want this to happen, please make sure not to disable/delete the NAI cookie or add NAI to the approved list of sites from whom you allow/accept cookies. Through the use of web logs or log files, we may also gather information such as the date, time, browser type, navigation history, and IP address of all visitors to our site. We use this information for our internal security audit log, trend analysis, and system administration, and to gather broad demographic information about our user base. We may associate this information with your personal information. By visiting our site, you affirmatively consent to our collection, use, and distribution of your data. 

WITH WHOM YOUR INFORMATION IS SHARED

We may share your information with other third parties with whom we have business relationships and, in some cases, we cannot control or know their privacy practices. By visiting our site, you affirmatively consent to our collection, use, and distribution of your data. Other than as set forth in this policy, we do not share your personally identifiable information with other companies, apart from those acting as our agents in providing our service to you, We will also disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena or other legal obligation, in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property. You should also be aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, may have the authority under certain circumstances to permit your information to be shared or transferred to third parties without your permission. We may share (provide and receive) aggregate information, which is not personally identifiable, with others. This information may include demographic data such as the gender and/or geographic location of groups of users, but it will not include personal information (such as your name or email address). We use aggregate demographic information about our audience in order to improve our service, for research purposes, marketing/promotional purposes and/or for industry reporting purposes, among others. 

CHOICE

By accepting this privacy policy, you expressly choose to receive certain communications from us and third parties, and you expressly agree to the privacy practices described herein. Our site may also provide you with additional specific opportunities to select communications you wish to receive. You may change your privacy preferences, e.g. choose to cease receiving certain communications, by informing us of your new preferences. We will be able to honor your new preferences most quickly if you inform us of them by following the appropriate instructions in any communication you receive from us. Please be aware that messages you receive from us through SMS and instant messaging systems (and other systems apart from email) may not include an option to cease receiving communications; to change your privacy preferences with respect to those communications, please contact us through the contact information we provide.

ACCESS

If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code), we endeavor to provide a way to correct or update that user's personal data. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions regarding making changes to your data.

DATA COLLECTION FROM CHILDREN

We strive to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We do not knowingly collect personal information from U.S. children under 13 without appropriate parental notice and consent. Sites that are directed to children where personal information is collected should have a Children's Privacy Policy setting forth our COPPA-compliant practices. At many sites, we actively screen-out children from data collection and/or use of interactive or community features. We are committed to protecting children's privacy.

NOTICE: Visit

<http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec08.shtm> for information from the Federal Trade Commission about protecting children's privacy online.

SECURITY

Security for all personally identifiable information is extremely important to us. We store your personal information securely, and use special procedures designed to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction.

LINKS

We may provide links to other sites that we do not control. We are not responsible for those other sites, their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users, and we advise you to check their privacy policies.

PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES

We reserve the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time, so we encourage you to review this policy from time to time. Changes to this privacy policy are effective at the time they are posted and your continued use of our site after posting will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.

CONTACT

If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please feel free to contact us at: [info@authority.builders](mailto:info@authority.builders?Subject=Questions%20about%20privacy%20practices)
