> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the authonomy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190624025243id_/https%3A//www.harpercollins.co.uk/corporate/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - HCUK Corporate

##  2\. INFORMATION OBTAINED BY AUTOMATED MEANS THROUGH OUR SERVICES

Our Services use cookies to function effectively.  A “cookie” is a file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser.  A “web beacon” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server. 

We may obtain certain information through our Services by automated means, such as cookies (including HTTP, HTML5 and Flash cookies), web beacons, web server logs, JavaScript and similar technologies, including technologies designed to obtain information regarding your use of our Services (collectively “cookies”).  Some cookies are essential to offer our Services, such as authentication services when you sign up or log in to use our Services.

The information we obtain through cookies may include IP address, mobile device advertising ID, browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, logs on actions taken on our Services such as content on which you may click while using the Services, and dates and times you access or use the Services.  In connection with our mobile apps, we may use similar automated means and also may obtain your phone number and details about your mobile carrier. 

The information we obtain through cookies will tell us, for example, if you have used our Services before, from what country and what contents you have visited. It will also tell us whether you have opened an email we sent to you, what search queries you may have run and what advertisements you may have seen on our Services or on third-party websites and apps. 

Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies.  You also may be able to delete your Flash cookies or adjust your Flash cookie settings by visiting the Adobe Flash [Website Storage Settings Panel](https://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html) and [Global Storage Settings Panel. ](https://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager03.html) Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Services.  Your device settings also may allow you to prohibit mobile app platforms (such as Apple and Google) from sharing certain information obtained by automated means with us through our apps or other app developers.

Our Services may use third party analytics and advertising cookies, for example, to help create reports and statistics on the performance of the Services and to be able to present you with content tailored to your interests.  The information collected through the use of analytics may include, for example, your IP address, the website from which you visited us, the type of device you used.  You can opt out from the use of Google Analytics by downloading and installing the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add On](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) 

We and our third-party service providers may use information collected through automated means including cookies, web beacons, web server logs, JavaScript and similar technologies for purposes such as (1) customizing our users’ visits to and use of our Services, (2) delivering content (including advertising) tailored to our users’ interests and the manner in which our users use our Services, and (3) managing our Services and other aspects of our business. 

In addition, if you register with us through or connect your account with us to a third-party social media network (such as Facebook or Twitter), we may obtain certain information about you from the relevant social media network, such as your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media network, the information contained in your public profile on the social media network and friends lists.  The specific information we obtain depends on your privacy settings on the applicable social media network. 

The providers of third-party apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins on our Services, such as social media sharing tools, also may use automated means to collect information regarding your interactions with these features.  This information is collected directly by the providers of those features and is subject to the privacy policies or notices of those providers. The Company is not responsible for those providers’ information practices.
