> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the autotrader.ie privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111203122653id_/http%3A//www.autotrader.ie/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## Autotrader.ie Privacy Policy

Here at Autotrader we care about your privacy and we respect your privacy rights. 

By using Autotrader.ie, you permit the collection and use of your personal information as outlined below and you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy (last updated on 24 June 2011). If you do not agree with these terms, you should not use Autotrader.ie.

  1. **1 ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY**
    1. 1.1 Our website www.autotrader.ie, all the webpages containing that address (" **Autotrader.ie** ") and the services provided on Autotrader.ie are operated by Trader Publishing Limited with a registered office at Paramount Court, Corrig Road, Sandyford, Dublin 18 (" **we** ", " **us** " and " **our** "). Autotrader.ie allows users to search advertisements posted on Autotrader.ie for new and used cars, motorbikes, and commercial, farm, plant and leisure vehicles for sale, and parts and accessories for those vehicles (" **Vehicles, Parts and Accessories** "). Autotrader.ie also allows users, both private sellers and professional dealers to register with Autotrader.ie (" **Advertisers** "), and to place advertisements for the sale of Vehicles, Parts and Accessories.
    2. 1.2 This policy, together with our Terms and Conditions [www.autotrader.ie/terms-and-conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms-and-conditions) and any other documents referred to in them, set out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
  2. **2 HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION ON AUTOTRADER.IE**
    1. 2.1 You can browse Autotrader.ie without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.
    2. 2.2 When registering as an Advertiser, responding to an advertisement via Autotrader.ie or during your time as an Advertiser or user of Autotrader.ie you may be asked to provide information to us. We will inform you at the time of collecting information from you whether you must provide the information to use Autotrader.ie or a particular Autotrader.ie service, or whether the provision of information requested by us is optional. By agreeing to this Policy you agree that we have informed you at the time of collecting information from you whether the information that you may provide to us will be accessible to other users of Autotrader.ie, other Advertisers or by third parties so that you are in a position to take an informed decision on whether to provide the information to us.
    3. 2.3 We may collect and process the following data about you: 
      1. 2.3.1 if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
      2. 2.3.2 information that you submit in response to an advertisement or when communicating with an Advertiser;
      3. 2.3.3 in order to register as an Advertiser, we will require you to supply your name, email address, and postal address;
      4. 2.3.4 in order to ensure the information supplied to us is held securely we may occasionally request proof of identity before allowing access to your personal information;
      5. 2.3.5 if you place an advertisement on Autotrader.ie, we will require vehicle registration details, a telephone number, (either a landline or a mobile number) and an email address;
      6. 2.3.6 if you place an advertisement on Autotrader.ie, we retain information regarding the value of the order placed within the data log and on the advert placement record. Please see clause 6 below regarding the information that you submit to payment providers in connection with your advertisement on Autotrader.ie;
      7. 2.3.7 payment details (Autotrader.ie retains no record of this information once payment has been completed);
      8. 2.3.8 calls that you make may be recorded by us from time to time; and
      9. 2.3.9 details of advertisements and enquiries you submit through Autotrader.ie.
  3. **3 USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION**
    1. 3.1 Advertisers partake in Autotrader.ie by placing advertisements for Vehicles, Parts and Accessories for sale. Advertisers are able to manage, change, and remove the advertisements submitted to Autotrader.ie Service through ‘My Adverts'. Advertisers need personal login details to access ‘My Adverts’, which will have been supplied to them on completion of registration with Autotrader.ie.
    2. 3.2 Advertisements contain information relating to Vehicles, Parts and Accessories and also limited personal information about Advertisers which Advertisers provide to us. You agree that if you place an advertisement on Autotrader.ie then we can provide potential buyers with the telephone number that you provide to us via Autotrader.ie. You acknowledge and agree that you may be contacted using that number by Autotrader.ie users.
    3. 3.3 We require Autotrader.ie users responding to Advertisements via Autotrader.ie to provide their name, email address, comments addressed to the Advertiser and (optionally) a telephone number to us. Then we email the Advertiser on their behalf, and give the Advertiser this information. Advertisers agree that they will only use the information that we provide to them from Autotrader.ie users for the purposes of dealing with their Advertisement, unless the Autotrader.ie user separately agrees with the Advertiser.
    4. 3.4 Separately, Autotrader.ie users can contact the Advertiser directly via an "email the seller" button on Autotrader.ie which allows the Autotrader.ie user to send the Advertiser a message via Autotrader.ie directly. You agree to only contact an Advertiser using Autotrader.ie or using information that we give to you for the purposes of dealing with the Advertiser’s Advertisement, unless the Autotrader.ie user separately agrees with the Advertiser
    5. 3.5 We use information held about you in the following ways: 
      1. 3.5.1 to develop relevant content from Autotrader.ie and ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
      2. 3.5.2 to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, and to notify you about changes to our service, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
      3. 3.5.3 to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
      4. 3.5.4 to deliver and maintain a high quality service;
      5. 3.5.5 to assist you if you are experiencing a problem with Autotrader.ie;
      6. 3.5.6 to allow you to access Autotrader.ie and to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
      7. 3.5.7 to conduct market research by telephone as part of a survey of our services, you will be able to choose whether or not you want to take part in surveys; and
      8. 3.5.8 for the purposes of compiling statistics.
    6. 3.6 Except as set out in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, rent, share, trade or give away any of your personal information.
  4. **4 DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION TO OTHER PEOPLE**
    1. 4.1 We do not disclose to any third party personal information that you provide to us unless we have your permission or we believe the law permits or requires it.
    2. 4.2 If you provide personal information to us you understand and agree that we may disclose your personal information to the following third parties: 
      1. 4.2.1 to the Autotrader.ie hosting provider Telecity, Kilburn House, Lloyd St North, Manchester M15 6SE, UK and Getronics UK Limited Howard Pincock, The Babbage Centre, The Heath Business & Technology Park, Runcorn, WA7 4QX, UNITED KINGDOM. You acknowledge that we may change the hosting provider at any time and any such change will be posted on Autotrader.ie by an amendment to this Privacy Policy. You consent to the transfer of your personal data to any new hosting provider’s servers. You may communicate any questions, comments or requests in relation to any change in hosting provider by emailing [enquiries@autotrader.ie](mailto:enquiries@autotrader.ie) or by post to Trader Publishing Limited, Paramount Court, Corrig Road, Sandyford, Dublin 18.
      2. 4.2.2 any member of our group of companies, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries;
      3. 4.2.3 to Trader Media Group Limited
      4. 4.2.4 to the prospective seller or buyer of any business or assets related to Autotrader.ie or all or part of Trader Publishing Limited or any other member of our group of companies;
      5. 4.2.5 to a third party if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data with that third party in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use [www.autotrader.ie/terms-and-conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms-and-conditions) and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our group of companies, Autotrader.ie, our customers, other registered users or others. This includes exchanging information with third parties for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
    3. 4.3 While we do not disclose your name to third party vehicle record checking service providers, when you ask us to check registration details of your vehicle or where we think it is prudent to do so, we may send limited details such as your vehicle’s registration number to these services providers, including Auto Records t/a Cartell.ie.
    4. 4.4 Where legally required to do so we will notify you when information about you may be provided to third parties in ways other than explained in this policy, and you will have the option to prevent such information sharing at the time that we notify you.
    5. 4.5 We do not disclose personal information about you to third parties (including advertisers or marketing companies), but we may provide them with aggregate anonymised information about Autotrader.ie users. For example, we may inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement displayed on Autotrader.ie on any given day, or we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit Autotrader.ie. We may also use such aggregate anonymised information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, women in the southeast of Ireland) when displaying advertisements on our website. We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience. You agree to these practices.
    6. 4.6 It may be necessary to transfer your personal information to other group companies or service providers located in countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). This may happen where our servers or suppliers and service providers are based outside of the EEA or where you use our services and products while visiting countries outside of the EEA. The data protection and other laws of these countries may not be as comprehensive as those in Ireland or the EU but in these instances we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights are respected. You agree that we may transfer your personal data on that basis.


  1. **5 SECURITY AND CONTROL OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA**
    1. 5.1 We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
    2. 5.2 Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of Autotrader.ie, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. You are responsible for the security of your password and our Terms and Conditions [www.autotrader.ie/terms-and-conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms-and-conditions) deal with this in more detail.
    3. 5.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to Autotrader.ie; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. _**You acknowledge that we are not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the Internet, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorised manner**_.
    4. 5.4 You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information and agree to make that information public on Autotrader.ie (e.g., telephone number) via advertisements on Autotrader.ie or where you use Autotrader.ie to correspond with other users or Advertisers, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in your advertisement, can be collected, correlated and used by third parties. These third parties, other Advertisers or Autotrader.ie users may use your information to send you unsolicited messages. Such activities are beyond our control. Please do not post any personal information on Autotrader.ie which will be published on Autotrader.ie that you wish to keep private. Please consider carefully what personal information you wish to send other users or Advertisers on Autotrader.ie. 
  2. **6 LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND ADVERTISEMENTS ON THIRD PARTY WEBSITES**
    1. 6.1 Autotrader.ie may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates as well as third party websites to which we have no affiliation. When you pay for service offered on Autotrader.ie you will also be redirected to a separate website operated by a payment service provider, WorldPay (UK) Limited. You acknowledge that we may change the links from Autotrader.ie to payment service providers at any time and any such change will be posted on Autotrader.ie by an amendment to this Privacy Policy.
    2. 6.2 If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites may have their own privacy policies and/or terms and conditions which apply to them, and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies, terms and conditions or for the activities on those websites.
    3. 6.3 From time to time we may enter into arrangements with third parties where the third parties agree to display your Advertisement on their website or to publish it in their publications (whether offline or online). You agree and understand that where we do this any personal data that you have chosen to include in your Advertisement will be provided to the third party for this purpose when we supply the content of the Advertisement to them. Please note that these third party websites and publications may have their own privacy policies and/or terms and conditions which apply to them, and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies, terms and conditions or for the activities on those websites or in connection with those publications.
  3. **7 IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES**
    1. 7.1 We may collect information about your computer, including (where available) your IP address, alphanumeric IDs, operating system and browser type, for system administration and statistical purposes. You agree that use of cookies on Autotrader.ie when you use Autotrader.ie is a condition of use, and you agree to it. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
    2. 7.2 For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. On revisiting Autotrader.ie our computer server will recognise the cookie, giving us information about your last visit. They help us to improve Autotrader.ie and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us: 
      1. 7.2.1 to estimate our audience size and usage pattern;
      2. 7.2.2 to store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise Autotrader.ie according to your individual interests; and
      3. 7.2.3 to speed up your use of Autotrader.ie and Autotrader.ie searches.
    3. 7.3 You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access or use certain parts of Autotrader.ie. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to Autotrader.ie. For information on how to control your cookies go to [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).
  4. **8 ACCESS TO INFORMATION AND UPDATING, VERIFYING AND DELETING PERSONAL DATA**
    1. 8.1 At any time, you can make a written request to have access to all the personal information that we hold about you. We will provide this information to you and may request a small administrative charge.
    2. 8.2 As an Advertiser, you can modify, update or delete your personal information at any time by accessing your account on Autotrader.ie and choosing the option "Edit details" or by contacting us at [enquiries@autotrader.ie.](mailto:enquiries@autotrader.ie).
  5. **9 CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY**
    1. 9.1 Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. You should visit this page periodically to review any changes to the Privacy Policy.
  6. **10 USER FEEDBACK AND COMPLAINTS**
    1. 10.1 Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to [enquiries@autotrader.ie](mailto:enquiries@autotrader.ie.) or by post to Digital Operations Manager, Trader Publishing Limited, Paramount Court, Corrig Road, Dublin 18, Ireland.


