> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the autoindia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616070205id_/http%3A//autoindia.com/Common/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AutoIndia.com - Privacy Policy

  |   
AUTOINDIA.COM PRIVACY POLICY  
Effective Date: **September 16th, 2005  
**  
**INTRODUCTION**  
AutoIndia.com Online Pvt Ltd respects the privacy of visitors to our website. We value our customers and are committed to protecting your privacy, as well as safeguarding the information we receive and maintain about you. We do not sell information about you to others. In this document, we explain how we use information you supply us via the AutoIndia.com website. Please read this Privacy Statement carefully so that you understand what information we collect through our website and what we do with that information. This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected online through the AutoIndia.com website and does not describe the ways in which we may collect or use information obtained offline or through any means other than our website. If you have questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact Customer Service. 

**THE INFORMATION AUTOINDIA.COM COLLECTS**  
Tracking information gathered as visitors navigate through our website and review our email newsletters and other email messages and Information supplied by visitors to the site when they list a car for sale, perform a search, enter a sweepstakes or other promotional contest, or initiate a transaction. Third-party providers featured on or linked to by our website, such as vendors of products and services offered through our site by third parties, may be gathering information, as well, through processes we don't control.   
If you provide us your email address, we may email you about our website or our services, or to inquire about your experience using our website or sites operated by others. From time to time, we'll also send you emails that may include automotive information, special promotions and other commercial offers that we think may be of interest to you. Though we hope you'll find these communications informative and useful, if you don't, you can always unsubscribe by following the simple instructions included in each email. And you can opt-out of receiving these types of commercial offers at all by indicating, when you list a car for sale or inquire about a car listed on our website, that you'd prefer not to receive these communications.   
To make use of certain features on our site, visitors need to provide limited information about themselves and their interests so that we can tailor the information we provide to their needs. For example, to help you find the car you want close to home, we need to know what kind of car you're looking for and your zip code. We ask you to provide this information when you perform a search. We use this information to help you find the car you're looking for. If you find a listing that interests you and elect to send the seller an email through our website, we'll share with the seller the contact information you supply through our online "Email Seller" form. If you do not wish to share your email address or other contact information with the sellers who advertise on our website, you should not use our "Email Seller" contact form. Many of the dealer listings that appear on our website include toll-free telephone numbers that can be used to contact the dealership that is selling the advertised vehicle. If you call a dealer using one of these toll-free numbers, we may provide the dealer with the date, time, and duration of your call, as well as the number from which your call originated. If you wish to contact a dealership that advertises on our website without disclosing this information, please contact the dealer by email or by dialing its local telephone number. When you list a car for sale, we ask for information on the car and on how you can be contacted by potential buyers. We may also ask for your credit card number and the expiration date on your card. We use this information to create your ad and to process your payment.   
To help us tailor our website to the needs and interests of our visitors, we keep track of the pages visited by our users by placing a cookie, a small entry in text file, on your hard drive. The cookie contains an ID number that allows us to track the pages you've visited. We aggregate this data with data on the pages visited by other users to track overall visitor traffic patterns. We use this information to improve our site by making it more responsive to the needs of our users. We also use cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly during a single visit to our site. Cookies don't reveal personal information; the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Cookies can't read unrelated data off your hard drive. Our advertisers and those who provide products and/or services through our site may also assign their own cookies, a process we don't control. We don't have access to these cookies or to any information they contain. The help function on most web browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely. However, if you don't accept cookies, you won't be able to take advantage of various features on our site that are available to other visitors. Our "Find Your Car" feature, for example, won't work properly if you configure your browser not to accept cookies. Our web server automatically collects limited information about your computer configuration when you visit our site, including the type of browser software you use, the operating system you're running, the resolution of your computer monitor, the website that referred you, and your IP address. (Your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data (such as the web pages you want to view) can be transmitted to you. We also use IP address information for systems administration and trouble shooting purposes. Your IP address does not tell us who you are.) We use this information to make our site as useful as we can for as many users as possible.   
From time to time, we may offer sweepstakes or other promotions on our website. If you enter a sweepstakes or promotional contest, we'll ask you to provide information about yourself (such as your name, address, and email address). Among other things, we'll need this information to contact you if you win, and we may use this information for marketing purposes. We may share this information with any co-sponsor of the contest or sweepstakes, which we'll identify in the contest rules. We may also share this information with shipping or fulfillment companies or other third-party service providers who are responsible for some aspects of administering our promotions, such as conducting drawings, and/or delivering prizes to winners. If you don't want us to collect the information requested in the contest or sweepstakes registration form or to provide it to co-sponsors, please do not enter the contest or sweepstakes.   
**  
DISCLOSURE AND USE OF INFORMATION**  
When we present information to our advertisers-to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our website--it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site. Any credit card information you may provide to us is secured during transmission over the Internet using industry--standard secure socket layer (SSL) encryption and is stored on our secure servers. We use your credit card information only to bill you for the products and services you order from us. We don't share your credit card information with anyone, except as may be necessary to process your transactions or comply with law. We may collect, or have a third party collect on our behalf, aggregated statistical information about how visitors use and navigate around our site, such as the number of users who visit various pages within the site, what they click on, whether they scroll up or down on particular pages, fill out forms, etc. This aggregated information does not identify you personally. We use this information to improve our site. We may also disclose this aggregated information to third parties. 

**LINKS AND FEATURES OFFERED BY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS**  
To make our website more valuable to our visitors, we feature some products and services that come from other providers. Our finance, insurance, warranty, and inspection services, for example, are made available through cooperative arrangements with companies that specialize in providing such services. We share with these third parties such information as is necessary for them to provide the products or services. Of course, our site includes links to other websites, and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we don't control. When you access another website or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through our website, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you're visiting or the provider of such products or services. When you provide information in the course of obtaining products or services through our site, use of any information you provide may be governed by the privacy policy of the provider of those products or services. The provider's privacy policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of our provider partners via a link either from their site's homepage or from the pages on which the products or services are offered, you should contact the provider directly for more information. 

Information we gather on our website is stored within AutoIndia.com-controlled databases (or databases hosted on our behalf) on servers maintained in protected environments. Any credit card information you provide us is secured for transmission over the Internet using industry-standard secure sockets layer (SSL) encryption. Click here to learn more about the SSL protocol (www.webopedia.com/TERM/S/SSL.html). However, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a vehicle listing is available to anyone with Internet access. 

**OTHER DISCLOSURES**  
We may occasionally release information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law, to enforce our Visitor Agreement, or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to our site, our customers, the public or AutoIndia.com. As our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. To ensure that the email marketing preferences of our visitors are honored, we may share email addresses collected on our website with advertisers (or their designated agents) for the limited purpose of identifying and removing from our distribution lists and/or the advertiser's distribution lists the email addresses of any persons who have "unsubscribed" or otherwise indicated a preference not to receive commercial electronic mail messages from, or transmitted on behalf of, the relevant advertiser. In the unlikely event that AutoIndia.com, one of its business units, or substantially all of its assets is acquired by another company, information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets. We may allow others to search some of our databases (our listings database, for example) and to analyze the data they find there or aggregate it with other data, either for their business purposes, or ours. Though some of the information in our databases may be personally identifying (such as the contact information included in a vehicle listing), we'll only allow searches of the portions of our database that contain information that is otherwise publicly available on our website. When we use other companies to help us operate our site or improve the services we offer to you, we may provide them with information about our visitors that is necessary for them to perform their services. We require that these companies commit to use the information only to perform the services that we request. 

**CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT**  
The Web is an evolving medium. If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future, we'll post the changes to this Privacy Statement on this website and update the reference to the effective date to reflect the date of the amendment. By visiting AutoIndia.com, you agree that your visit, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Statement and our Visitor Agreement.   


|  
