> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the automd.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080619162708id_/http%3A//www.automd.com/Content/Misc/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AutoMD | Privacy Policy

## AutoMD.com and your privacy

AutoMD.com, LLC respects the privacy of visitors to our website. Please read this Privacy Statement carefully so that you understand what information we collect through our website and what we do with that information.

**1\. PROTECTING CHILDREN’S PRIVACY**

Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. Our website is not directed at children under 13 and we won't knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personally identifying information; if you're under 13, please don't provide any information about yourself on this website.

**2\. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

The information we gather falls into two categories: (1) information supplied by visitors to the site when they list a car for sale, perform a search, or initiate a transaction, and (2) tracking information gathered as visitors navigate through our website. Third-party providers featured on or linked to by our website, such as vendors of products and services offered through our site by third parties, may be gathering information, as well, through processes we don't control.

> **a. Email Addresses**
> 
> If you provide us your email address, we may email you about our website or our services, or to inquire about your experience using our website or sites operated by others. From time to time, we'll also send you emails that may include automotive information; special promotions and other commercial offers that we think may be of interest to you. Though we hope you'll find these communications informative and useful, if you don't, you can always unsubscribe by following the simple instructions included in each email. And you can opt-out of receiving these types of commercial offers at all by indicating, when you list a car for sale or inquire about a car listed on our website, that you'd prefer not to receive these communications.
> 
> **b. Cookies**
> 
> To help us tailor our website to the needs and interests of our visitors, we keep track of the pages visited by our users by placing a cookie, a small entry in text file, on your hard drive. The cookie contains an ID number that allows us to track the pages you've visited. We aggregate this data with data on the pages visited by other users to track overall visitor traffic patterns. We use this information to improve our site by making it more responsive to the needs of our users. We also use cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly during a single visit to our site. Cookies don't reveal personal information; the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Cookies can't read unrelated data off your hard drive. Our advertisers and those who provide products and/or services through our site may also assign their own cookies, a process we don't control. We don't have access to these cookies or to any information they contain. The help function on most web browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely. However, if you don't accept cookies, you won't be able to take advantage of various features on our site that are available to other visitors. Our "Find Your Car" feature, for example, won't work properly if you configure your browser not to accept cookies.
> 
> **c. Browser Level Information**
> 
> Our web server automatically collects limited information about your computer configuration when you visit our site, including the type of browser software you use, the operating system you're running, the resolution of your computer monitor, the website that referred you, and your IP address. (Your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data (such as the web pages you want to view) can be transmitted to you. We also use IP address information for systems administration and trouble shooting purposes. Your IP address does not tell us who you are.) We use this information to make our site as useful as we can for as many users as possible.

**3\. USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION**

When we present information to our advertisers-to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our website--it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site. Any credit card information you may provide to us is secured during transmission over the Internet using industry--standard secure socket layer (SSL) encryption and is stored on our secure servers. (See "Security," below.) We use your credit card information only to bill you for the products and services you order from us. We don't share your credit card information with anyone, except as may be necessary to process your transactions or comply with law. We may collect, or have a third party collect on our behalf, aggregated statistical information about how visitors use and navigate around our site, such as the number of users who visit various pages within the site, what they click on, whether they scroll up or down on particular pages, fill out forms, etc. This aggregated information does not identify you personally. We use this information to improve our site. We may also disclose this aggregated information to third parties.

**4\. LINKS AND FEATURES OFFERED IN CONJUNCTION WITH OTHER PROVIDERS**

To make our website more valuable to our visitors, we feature some products and services that come from other providers. Such products and services are made available through cooperative arrangements with companies that specialize in providing such services. We share with these third parties such information as is necessary for them to provide the products or services. Our site includes links to other websites, and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we don't control. When you access another website or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through our website, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you're visiting or the provider of such products or services. When you provide information in the course of obtaining products or services through our site, use of any information you provide may be governed by the privacy policy of the provider of those products or services. The provider's privacy policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of our provider partners via a link either from their site's homepage or from the pages on which the products or services are offered, you should contact the provider directly for more information.

**5\. OTHER DISCLOSURES**

We may occasionally release information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law, to enforce our Terms and Conditions, or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to our site, our customers, the public or AutoMD. To ensure that the email marketing preferences of our visitors are honored, we may share email addresses collected on our website with advertisers (or their designated agents) for the limited purpose of identifying and removing from our distribution lists and/or the advertiser's distribution lists the email addresses of any persons who have "unsubscribed" or otherwise indicated a preference not to receive commercial electronic mail messages from, or transmitted on behalf of, the relevant advertiser. In the unlikely event that AutoMD, one of its business units, or substantially all of its assets is acquired by another company, information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets. We may allow others to search some of our databases (our listings database, for example) and to analyze the data they find there or aggregate it with other data, either for their business purposes, or ours. Though some of the information in our databases may be personally identifying (such as the contact information included in a vehicle listing), we'll only allow searches of the portions of our database that contain information that is otherwise publicly available on our website. When we use other companies to help us operate our site or improve the services we offer to you, we may provide them with information about our visitors that is necessary for them to perform their services. We require that these companies commit to use the information only to perform the services that we request.

**6\. SECURITY**

Information we gather on our website is stored within AutoMD-controlled databases (or databases hosted on our behalf) on servers maintained in protected environments. Any credit card information you provide us is secured for transmission over the Internet using industry-standard secure sockets layer (SSL) encryption. However, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a vehicle listing is available to anyone with Internet access. 

**7\. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT**

AutoMD reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement without prior notice.
