> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the autopumpkin.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171214030111id_/http%3A//www.autopumpkin.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

At autopumpkin.com, we want you to know exactly how and when we collect and use information that can specifically identify you, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, and email address ("personal information").  
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We may collect the e-mail address of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user specific information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.  
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for individual consumer and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.  
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail, calling or writing, and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company.  
We do not require that you provide, nor do we collect, any personal information if you are just browsing the Site. We also may offer at the Site non-transactional and transactional services ("Service(s)") in which, subject to applicable terms and availability, you may participate (e.g. submitting product reviews or becoming a Member to buy items through the Storefronts Service). In order to provide you with the Services you requested, we may require that you first provide certain personal information, which we determine is reasonably necessary in order for us to fulfill your request. If you indicate an interest in participating in a Service, we will identify what specific personal information you must provide prior to collecting such information. Any personal information which we collect from you will only be used for the purposes identified in this Privacy Statement, the autopumpkin.com Terms of Use, and as may indicated at the time the information is collected.  
Autopumpkin.com will not disclose your personal information to any third party unless:   
1) it is necessary in order for autopumpkin.com to disclose your personal information in order to provide you with a particular service you have requested;   
2) disclosure is required of autopumpkin.com in order to comply with a legal process (e.g., court order, subpoena, search warrant, law enforcement request);   
3) autopumpkin.com determines, in its sole discretion, that disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of autopumpkin.com, our users, or others.  
The Site contains links to web sites of third parties. autopumpkin.com is not responsible for the actions of these third parties, including their privacy practices and any content posted on their web sites. We encourage you to review their privacy policies to learn more about what, why and how they collect and use personal information. Elite Home Products adheres to industry recognized standards to secure any personal information in our possession, and to secure it from unauthorized access and tampering. However, as it true with all online actions, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions of personal information, or other users of the Site may misuse or abuse your personal information that they may collect from the Site.  
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve our ads on the Site. These third-party advertising companies may employ cookie and 1x1 pixel .gifs or web beacons to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients. To do so, these companies may use anonymous information about your visits to our website and other websites, but will not collect any information which can personally identify you or can be linked to you. This information can include: date/time of banner ad shown, the banner ad that was shown, their cookie, and the IP address. This information can also be used for online preference marketing purposes.  
.
