> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the autotrader.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021209115432id_/http%3A//www.autotrader.com/privacy.jtmpl%3Fac_afflt%3Dnone) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AutoTrader.com - Privacy Policy

AutoTrader.com respects the privacy of visitors to our website. Please read this Privacy Statement carefully so that you understand what information we collect through our website and what we do with that information. If you have questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact us at [info@autotrader.com](https://web.archive.org/help/email.jtmpl?contact_email=info@autotrader.com&ac_afflt=none).

PROTECTING THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN

Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. Our website is not directed at children under 13 and we won't knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personally identifying information; if you're under 13, please don't provide any information about yourself on this website.

THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT

The information we gather falls into two categories: (1) information supplied by visitors to the site when they list a car for sale, perform a search, enter a sweepstakes or other promotional contest, or initiate a transaction, and (2) tracking information gathered as visitors navigate through our website and review our email newsletters and other email messages. Third-party providers featured on or linked to by our website, such as vendors of products and services offered through our site by third parties, may be gathering information, as well, through processes we don't control.

Searches and Listings To make use of certain features on our site, visitors need to provide limited information about themselves and their interests so that we can tailor the information we provide to their needs. For example, to help you find the car you want close to home, we need to know what kind of car you're looking for and your zip code. We ask you to provide this information when you perform a search. We use this information to help you find the car you're looking for. If you find a listing that interests you and elect to send the seller an email through our website, we'll share with the seller the contact information you supply through our online form. If you call a dealer to inquire about a car listed on our site, we may provide the dealer with the date, time, and duration of your call, as well as the number from which the call originated. When you list a car for sale, we ask for information on the car and on how you can be contacted by potential buyers. We also ask for your credit card number and the expiration date on your card. We use this information to create your listing and to process your payment.

Sweepstakes and Other Promotions From time to time, we may offer sweepstakes or other promotions on our website. If you enter a sweepstakes or promotional contest, we'll ask you to provide information about yourself (such as your name, address, and email address). Among other things, we'll need this information to contact you if you win. We may share this information with any co-sponsor of the contest or sweepstakes, which we'll identify in the contest rules. If you don't want us to collect the information requested in the contest or sweepstakes registration form or to provide it to co-sponsors, please do not enter the contest or sweepstakes.

Email Addresses If you provide us your email address, we'll send you our monthly newsletter, and, from time to time, offers we think may be of interest to you. Though we hope you'll find these informative and useful, if you don't, you can always unsubscribe by following the simple instructions included in each email. And you can opt out of receiving the newsletter or other emails at all by indicating, when you list a car for sale or inquire about a car listed on our website, that you'd prefer not to get our newsletter or receive these offers.

Cookies To help us tailor our website to the needs and interests of our visitors, we keep track of the pages visited by our users by placing a cookie, a small entry in text file, on your hard drive. The cookie contains an ID number that allows us to track the pages you've visited. We aggregate this data with data on the pages visited by other users to track overall visitor traffic patterns. We use this information to improve our site by making it more responsive to the needs of our users. We also use cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly during a single visit to our site. Cookies don't reveal personal information; the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Cookies can't read unrelated data off your hard drive. Our advertisers and those who provide products and/or services through our site may also assign their own cookies, a process we don't control. We don't have access to these cookies or to any information they contain. The help function on most web browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely. However, if you don't accept cookies, you won't be able to take advantage of various features on our site that are available to other visitors. Our "Find Your Car" feature, for example, won't work properly if you configure your browser not to accept cookies.

Browser Level Information Our web server automatically collects limited information about your computer configuration when you visit our site, including the type of browser software you use, the operating system you're running, the resolution of your computer monitor, the website that referred you, and your IP address. (Your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data (such as the web pages you want to view) can be transmitted to you. We also use IP address information for systems administration and trouble shooting purposes. Your IP address does not tell us who you are.) We use this information to make our site as useful as we can for as many users as possible.

Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting AutoTrader.com uses the services of DoubleClick, a leading third-party advertising company, to serve some of the advertisements that you see on the pages of our site, to target those ads, to serve and target promotions or other marketing messages on this and other sites, and to collect, from our website and other websites, anonymous tracking information called "clickstream" data that DoubleClick, AutoTrader.com, and others can use, sometimes in conjunction with similar anonymous information gathered through other websites, for marketing research, for targeting advertising, and for other similar purposes. We also use DoubleClick software to serve our own ads and collect similar information in the process. DoubleClick also uses cookies, and it collects information directly from our users. If you would like to know more about DoubleClick's information gathering practices and "opt-out" procedures, please see the privacy statement on the [DoubleClick website](http://www.privacychoices.org/?ac_afflt=none) ([http://www.privacychoices.org](http://www.privacychoices.org/?ac_afflt=none)). To opt out of DoubleClick's ad targeting program, please [click here](http://www.privacychoices.org/optout.htm?ac_afflt=none) (http://www.privacychoices.org/optout.htm).

USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION

When we present information to our advertisers -- to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our website -- it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site. When you list your car for sale on AutoTrader.com, we may provide your contact information to our sister company, Trader Publishing Company, which may use this information to contact you about listing your vehicle for sale in one of its Trader magazines. If you wish to review or update your profile (or to deactivate your profile completely), send an email to [info@autotrader.com](https://web.archive.org/help/email.jtmpl?contact_email=info@autotrader.com&ac_afflt=none) and the AutoTrader.com staff will make your requested changes for you. After asking Customer Service to make the change for you (or to deactivate your profile), please allow 24 to 48 hours for implementation. Any credit card information you may provide to us is secured during transmission over the Internet using industry-standard secure socket layer (SSL) encryption and is stored on our secure servers. (See "Security," below.) We use your credit card information only to bill you for the products and services you order from us. We don't share your credit card information with anyone, except as may be necessary to process your transactions.

LINKS AND FEATURES OFFERED IN CONJUNCTION WITH OTHER PROVIDERS

To make our website more valuable to our visitors, we feature some products and services that come from other providers. Our finance, insurance, warranty, and inspection services, for example, are made available through cooperative arrangements with companies that specialize in providing such services. We share with these third parties such information as is necessary for them to provide the products or services. Of course, our site includes links to other websites, and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we don't control. When you access another website or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through our website, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you're visiting or the provider of such products or services. When you provide information in the course of obtaining products or services through our site, use of any information you provide may be governed by the privacy policy of the provider of those products or services. The provider's privacy policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of our provider partners via a link either from their site's homepage or from the pages on which the products or services are offered, you should contact the provider directly for more information.

OTHER DISCLOSURES

We may occasionally release information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law, to enforce our Visitor Agreement, or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to our site, our customers, the public or AutoTrader.com. As our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that AutoTrader.com LLC, one of its business units, or substantially all of its assets is acquired by another company, information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets. We also may allow others to search some of our databases (our listings database, for example) and to analyze the data they find there or aggregate it with other data, either for their business purposes, or ours. Though some of the information in our databases may be personally identifying (such as the contact information included in a vehicle listing), we'll only allow searches of the portions of our database that contain information that is otherwise publicly available on our website.

SECURITY

Information we gather on our website is stored within AutoTrader.com-controlled databases (or databases hosted on our behalf) on servers maintained in protected environments. Any credit card information you provide us is secured for transmission over the Internet using industry-standard secure sockets layer (SSL) encryption. ([Click here to learn more about the SSL protocol](http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/S/SSL.html?ac_afflt=none).) However, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a vehicle listing is available to anyone with Internet access.

CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT

The Web is an evolving medium. If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future, we'll post the changes to this Privacy Statement before they take effect. By visiting AutoTrader.com, you agree that your visit, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Statement and our [Visitor Agreement](https://web.archive.org/visitor.jtmpl?ac_afflt=none).

  
|  |   
---|---|---
