> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the autotrader.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021205151946id_/http%3A//www.autotrader.ca/privacy/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AutoTrader.ca

  |    


### Privacy Statement for AutoTrader.ca

**About Us**

This is a privacy policy for Trader Media Corporation. Our homepage on the Web is located at [ http://www.AutoTrader.ca/](http://www.trader.ca/Default.asp). The full text of our privacy policy is available on the Web at [ http://www.AutoTrader.ca/privacy/](http://www.trader.ca/privacy/default.asp)

We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy. You may contact us by mail at the following address: 
    
    
    Trader Media Corp.
    23 Apex Rd.
    Toronto, ON M6A 2V6 
    Canada
    

You may contact us by e-mail at [ Privacy@trader.ca](mailto:privacy@trader.ca). 

  **Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals**

  * **Dispute** : We welcome your comments regarding the AutoTrader.ca privacy policy. If you believe that we have not adhered to this policy, please contact AutoTrader.ca by e-mail [Privacy@trader.ca](mailto:privacy@trader.ca). We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly investigate, and if necessary, remedy the problem. 

**Data Collection**

P3P policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as "statements"). This policy contains 2 data groups. The data practices of each group will be explained separately. 

* * *

**Group "Basic information"**

We collect the following information: 

  * Information generated by browsing the web site, such as which pages are visited, the order in which the pages are visited by each site user, and how long the user stays on each page. 
  * Information generated from explicit interactions with the web site, such as queries to our search engine, or logs of registered members' account activity. 
  * Information that allows an individual to be contacted, such as a telephone number or e-mail address, when provided by that individual. 
  * The words contained in the body of a communication. For example, the text of an e-mail message.
  * Information about the computer system that the individual is using to access the Internet, such as the IP number, domain name, browser type, or operating system. 



This data will be used for the following purposes:

  * Information may be used by the Web site to complete the activity for which it was provided, whether the activity is a one-time event, such as returning the results from a search, or forwarding an e-mail message; or a recurring event, such as providing a subscription service or allowing access to saved searches or a scrapbook. 
  * Information may be used for the technical support of the Web site and its computer system. For example, to allow site administrators and developers to continually improve the web site's performance and functionality, to secure and maintain the site, or to verify the Web site activity. 
  * Information may be used for research, analysis, and reporting. For example, data about the types of vehicle searches users have conducted. 
  * Information may be used to contact an individual, for the completion of a transaction initiated by that individual on the Web site.



This data will be used by ourselves and our agents. 

* * *

**Group "Cookies"**

Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. 

At the user's option, we will collect HTTP cookies. 

Cookies are used for the following purposes: 

  * Providing additional functionality to registered members of MyAutoTrader 
  * Research regarding logged-in MyAutoTrader members' activities on the site, with the goal of continually improving the functionality and usability of the site.



This data will be used by ourselves and our agents. 

* * *

| 
