> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the autoimagesize.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140626055310id_/http%3A//autoimagesize.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY-POLICY

Your privacy is vital to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice simple to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. When visiting moyuc.com does not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. moyuc.com will be logged Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your IP address and browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use.

How we use the cookies? Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that a Web server sends to your computer when you visit a Web site. Cookies can contain a variety of information, such as a simple count of how often you visit a Web site or information that allows us to customize our Web site for your use. Web beacons (also known as “clear gifs” or “one-pixel gifs”) are small graphic images on a Web page that allow us to monitor the activity on our Web sites or to make cookies more effective. We use cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. Our commitment to childrens privacy.

Protecting the privacy of the very young is important to us. For that reason, we do not collect or maintain information at our Web sites from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our Web site is structured to attract anyone under 13. Changes to privacy policy. The contents of the statement can be changed at any time, in accordance with our policy. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy, please email to:  **afrodillebeaulieu@gmail.com**
