> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the autocodes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180906194054id_/https%3A//www.autocodes.com/about/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | AutoCodes.com

AutoCodes.com places great importance in the protection of our customer's personal privacy. Please be assured that your personal information is handled in a professional and confidential manner. 

AutoCodes.com collects certain anonymous data regarding the usage of the site. This information does not personally identify users, by itself or in combination with other information, and is gathered to improve the performance of the site. The anonymous data collected by the AutoCodes.com site can include information such as the type of browser you are using, browsing patterns, originating web pages, number of visits to AutoCodes.com, vehicle selections, items viewed, pages viewed, and the length of the visit to the website. 

AutoCodes.com uses cookies to track certain browsing patterns on our site. Cookies are small bits of data cached in a user's browser. AutoCodes.com utilizes cookies to personalize your experience on AutoCodes.com, assist you in using AutoCodes.com, and allow us to compile site usage statistics to better improve our goods, services and products. Cookies may also be used to conduct marketing and promotional efforts, tailor advertisements to your browser, or determine the popularity of our content. The cookies collect certain identifying information, including a visitor ID that will, in certain circumstances, be matched with personally identifiable information. However, no other user information is gathered by cookies. 

Our promise to you is that we will not sell, trade or rent your personally identifiable information collected on the site to others. The information collected by our site is used to confirm and process orders, to keep you informed about your order status, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you, to obtain reviews, ratings or testimonials relating to your experience with AutoCodes.com, products purchased, and for statistical purposes for improving our site. In all cases, we will only disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties in order to process your payment and complete your order. Should a legal request for your personal information be made by a court order, subpoena, etc.; we will verify such request and provide only that information requested. We may also provide personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agency's request or as otherwise required by law. Your personally identifiable information may be provided to a party in the case of bankruptcy and in a transfer of ownership and/or assets in conjunction with an action of merger acquisition. 

AutoCodes.com is also concerned with the privacy of children and will not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13 years of age. Additionally, we do not sell products for purchase by children less than 13 years of age. 

This site may provide links to other sites, please be aware that AutoCodes.com is not responsible for other sites privacy practices. Our privacy policy is subject to occasional revisions. Changes and/or amendments to our privacy policy will be effective when posted. We recommend you periodically check our privacy policy as to any changes that may affect you shopping with us. 
