> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ibtimes.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151225003633id_/http%3A//www.ibtimes.co.uk/corporate/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# International Business Times UK ::: Privacy & Policy

This policy was last updated on February 9, 2015 

**Our Commitment to your Privacy**

This is the privacy policy for IBTIMES.com and other IBTIMES websites and mobile applications, which describes how we collect, store and use non-sensitive personal data. IBTIMES comprises of the IBTIMES.com website, IBTIMES iPhone and Android apps, the IBTIMES publications, and IBTIMES Limited, as well as IBT Media Limited. This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to in it) describes how we process any personal data which you provide us with or which we collect from you. Please read our policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting IBTIMES.co.uk, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, and do our best to ensure that your data is protected. We do not intentionally collect any information on children under the age of 14. If you are a parent or guardian and notify us that details of children under 14 years of age have been obtained, we will ensure that these details are deleted. Information we may collect from you The information we may collect can either be data that identifies you (eg. your name, address or email) as well as information that does not, but which may help us to improve our services, for example by evaluating behaviour patterns when users visit our website or apps. This can either be given to us by you, or collected by us about you: Information you give us: Some examples of this includes the information you give us when you email us or register to use or fill in other forms on IBTIMES.co.uk, subscribe to IBTIMES’s products and services, post comments or participate in the IBTIMES community, submit corrections, enter a competition or promotion, download IBTIMES mobile apps or digital issues and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph. Information we collect about you. When you visit our website we may automatically take the following information: • technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; • information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites or mobile apps and services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this site. We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them. 

**How we use your information**

We use information held about you in the following ways: Information you give to us. We will use this information:  
• to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;  
• to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;  
• to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on any registration form on which we collect your data;  
• to notify you about changes to our service;  
• to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.

 **Information we collect about you.**

We will use this information:  
• to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;  
• to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;  
• to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;  
• as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;  
• to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;  
• to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.  
• Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).

 **How we may use your information**

We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006. We may share your information with carefully selected third parties including: Affiliates: We may share your information with companies that are affiliated with IBTIMES and its related companies. Social Network and Interactive Tools: Certain features on our websites give you an opportunity to interact with us and others. These may include forums, message boards, chats, submitting a letter to the editor, creating community profiles, and rating, tagging and commenting on articles. When you use these features you should be aware that any information you submit, including your name, location and e-mail address, may be publicly available to others. We are not responsible for any information you choose to submit through these interactive features. Corporate, Third-Party, and Student Subscriptions: If your subscription is provided in whole or in part by your employer or other third party, we may notify the provider when you access or use your subscription. If you have a student subscription associated with a school, college or university or school, we may notify them to confirm your subscription, access or use. When providing these notices, we may reveal limited amounts of your information such as your name or email address. Service Providers and Agents: We might share your information with commercial partners that provide services to help our websites and apps work, including delivering subscriptions, serving, customizing or delivering marketing or adverts that are relevant to your interests, and auditing. We will not allow these companies to use your information for any other purpose. Special Circumstances: Sometimes, we do have to disclose your data without providing with a choice in order to protect our company’s legal rights or those of our employees, agents and contractors, or other companies related to us. This may be, for example, if we feel it necessary to protect the safety and security of visitors to our websites and apps; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with the law. If any of our group companies are sold to a third party, your information, we may transfer your information to a third party as part of that transaction. Third Party Promotional Offers: If you subscribe to our print publications, we may share your contact information with other companies whose products and services may be of interest to you. While many of our subscribers appreciate receiving offerings from these companies, if you prefer that we do not share your information for this purpose, please contact our ‘data controller’ using the details supplied below. Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties: To enable subscription payments, we work with reputable third party service providers that collect and store billing and credit card information including Chase Paymentech and Piano Media in Slovakia. This information is used by the third parties to perform billing and for their internal business purposes. Examples of these uses include fulfilling orders and processing credit card payments. Your personal information passed through Piano Media is governed its privacy policy there. Your information is not shared by these parties with other third parties and is not used for marketing third party products. If you want to opt out of receiving marketing from us, any of our affiliated companies or any of our promotional partners, or if you want to update your preferences, you will need to contact each of our publications separately, as indicated below: International Business Times Online and any other IBT Media properties: To opt out of receiving marketing from International Business Times Online, if you are a subscriber visit our Member Centre. Others may notify us by contacting Customer Service at info@IBTIMES.co.uk. IBTIMES: Subscribers to IBTIMES may contact Customer Service at info@IBTIMES.co.uk. If you are a current subscriber of any of our publications, please remember to include your account number and phone number in the body of your e-mail or letter, and if you choose to opt-out via e-mail, please include "Opt-out" in the subject line. Please note that we may still disclose your opt-out information to third parties, to ensure that you do not receive any future notifications from them, in accordance with applicable laws. Where we store your personal data The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"), in order to use it as listed in “How we may use your Information”. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet can never be 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. We will retain your data for as long as necessary to permit us to use it in the ways such as those described above. 

**Cookies**

A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that, if you agree, is stored on your browser or your computer’s hard drive when you visit a website. IBTIMES uses cookies to distinguish you from other users, which helps provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are giving us your implied agreement to our use of cookies. We use the following cookies: 1\. Essential cookies. These cookies are needed for the operation of our website, these include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, make use of subscription or e-billing services. 2\. Analytical/performance cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. 3\. Service/functionality cookies. These can help us remember your registration and login details, preferences and to recognise you when you return to our website and personalise content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). 4\. Behavioural/targeting cookies. These cookies are anonymous and cannot identify individuals. They record your visits to our website, the pages you visit, and the links you follow. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose. Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or behavioural/targeting cookies. How to turn cookies off You may wish to disable cookies altogether, and you can do this in the settings/preferences/’help’ menus of your particular browser. Please note however that if you do this, you may not be able to access all or parts of our site, as you may block essential cookies that are necessary to run our website. If you do still wish to do this, below are helpful links to the cookie settings for the most popular web browsers: Cookie settings in Internet Explorer Cookie settings in Firefox Cookie settings in Chrome Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS. You may instead prefer to just restrict third party cookies generated by advertisers. This can be done by visiting the Your Online Choices website, or by clicking on the AdChoices logo that you will see in the corner of advertisements that carry behavioural/targeting cookies. You can also block third party cookies from advertising platforms which provide personalised ads (such as doubleclick.com) by going to that third party’s website and asking them to prevent any further cookies being used for your computer or mobile device. 

**Changes to our privacy policy**

Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy. Your legal rights, and how to contact IBTIMES about your data We are required by the UK Data Protection Act 1998 to provide you with the contact details for our “data controller”. You should contact our data controller if you have any questions, comments or requests regarding this privacy policy. The data controller is IBTIMES Limited of 25 Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LQ info@IBTIMES.co.uk - You have the right to ask us NOT to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to do use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at info@IBTIMES.co.uk You also have the right to access personal information held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please email us at info@IBTIMES.co.uk There will be an administrative charge of £10, which helps us to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. 
