> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the k12net.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-02-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010218054933id_/http%3A//www.k12net.com/general/copyright/privacypolicy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Classroom Connect - Copyright

we will always give you (or your parent) the opportunity to access and correct your personal contact and billing information at any time. 

_Personal Information that You Give Us_

There are various areas on our Site where we either require or permit you to transfer personal information voluntarily. We use this personal information only for the specific purpose specified at the time you input such information. In addition, we never divulge such information to third parties without your consent. These areas include:

_[Teacher Registration](http://connectedteacher.classroom.com/registration/register/info.asp?sn=TCM-1010-10-128263&from=register)_. Registering with Classroom Connect affords you the ability to receive enhanced services and functionality of our Site. In order to become a registered member of Classroom Connect, we ask you for your first and last name, job title, email address, whether or not you have an affiliation with a school, the zip code of that school, and whether or not you'd like to receive Classroom Connect email and email newsletters. This registration is meant for teachers, administrators, and interested parents and is not intended for children or K-12 students.

_[Teacher Search](http://connectedteacher.classroom.com/teacherContact/search.asp)_.  In order to become a part of our Teacher Search database we require you to first and foremost be a teacher and be registered with our site as described above. We also ask that you provide us with certain personal information by checking boxes regarding curriculum, grades taught, and interests as well as provide a Web address for any home page you might wish to provide and/or a personal statement. This information will be shared entirely on a voluntary basis and is intended to be a way for teachers to introduce themselves to our community. Since it is our policy not to divulge email addresses to third parties, and in order to ensure our teacher’s safety, all emails sent to Teacher Search members must go through our server and then will be forwarded by us to the intended recipient. Shortly thereafter, the recipient will see the email address of the sender and will have the option of responding. The header of such email will notify the recipient that the contact was made through the Teacher Search database.

_[Email List Sign-Up](http://connectedteacher.classroom.com/listServ/subscribe.asp)_ We offer teachers the opportunity to receive a variety of informative emails by giving us their names and email addresses in order to subscribe to those email lists which they desire. At any time the teacher may [unsubscribe](http://connectedteacher.classroom.com/listServ/unsubscribe.asp) from such mailing lists. Once again, this information (name and email address) is not shared with any third parties. Beyond the Email List Sign-Up, there may be other times we request or acquire your email address, such as when you send us an email with questions or comments. We will only use your address to respond to emails from you, forward and send your emails to and from other registered users and internal Classroom Connect employees who may be able to respond to you, send information to you concerning your account, and inform you of updates to our Web site if you have opted-in for such notification. Classroom Connect DOES NOT share email addresses or any other personal information about our registered users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors or other third parties without your consent. Our email lists are not intended for children.

_Message Boards and Postings._ We offer message boards and other similar posting opportunities. Please see our [Terms of Use](http://www.classroom.com/general/copyright/termuse.asp) before using such boards and/or postings and make sure to post only information that you are comfortable sharing. Presently, we have separate boards for K-12 students and teachers. All posts to Classroom Connect’s boards are first reviewed by us (except for in Connected University which is oriented towards teachers, parents, and administrators and subject to an additional CU Terms of Use) before allowing any actual posting in order to ensure compliance with our Terms of Use. In addition, in order to make our student boards safe and enjoyable it is our general policy not to allow our students to post identifiable personal information. We therefore make every effort to remove, edit or restrict all such posting from these student-oriented boards.

_Galleries._ We offer students the ability to post their classroom projects to our Site in the forms of text, graphic, html, and/or sound files. Please see our [Terms of Use](http://www.classroom.com/general/copyright/termuse.asp) which provides for certain restrictions and licenses before using or allowing K-12 students or children to post to these galleries. As with the message boards, it is our general policy not to allow K-12 students to post identifiable personal information: for this reason, we first review the intended posts before allowing any actual posting. If intended postings are transmitted with such personal information or contain a picture of the student with the project, we require prior parental consent through a postal mailed or faxed form before we will post such information to a gallery.

_[Online Store](http://store.classroom.com/browse/default.asp)._ Classroom Connect offers our members the opportunity to buy products from our Online Store. Like other retailers and direct marketers, we record information about such purchases. When you buy from us online, our system automatically gathers purchase data, and we also record information about purchases made through our telemarketing, mail order and other marketing operations. We may review what kinds of products and services appeal most to our members as a group. This statistical information helps us improve our offerings in the same way that other companies change their catalog based on what sells best. We give you the option to choose between online and offline purchase options. Product ordering is only intended to be by teachers, administrators and interested parents and is not intended for children or K-12 students.

_If you choose to order offline,_ we first require you to submit online your zip or postal code and U.S. state (if applicable) so that we can calculate your sales tax and shipping and handling. Then, we ask that you print out an order form which requests payment information including credit card and expiration date, purchase order, checking account, as well as billing and shipping information which includes name, title, school name, address, email and phone number.  This information is only used for the purpose of consummating your purchase.

_If you order online,_ we require your billing information exactly as it appears on your credit card statement so that we can process your order including name, address, phone number and e-mail. Email is required so that we can send you a confirmation of your order. Once again, the information you provide us is used solely for the purpose of consummating your purchase.

_[Connected University Registration.](http://cu.classroom.com/Enroll/Agree.asp)_ Connected University (CU) hosts open-enrollment classes on technology and education. You may [enroll](http://cu.classroom.com/logon.asp) in as many courses as you desire during a term. Enrollment for CU is completely optional and at your discretion. CU message boards and courses, open only to registered members, are monitored but not moderated. Members of Connected University may post information, projects, and other information on this portion of the Site. Connected University may include, and other users may provide, links to other Web sites or resources. We cannot guarantee your privacy on such other Web sites and do not have control over their privacy policies or content. Please see our [Terms of Use](http://cu.classroom.com/Enroll/Agree.asp) specific to Connected University regarding responsibility of posts transmitted by you or for any such information posted by any other user of Connected University or (ii) the conduct of any other users in their use of Connected University.

_Information that We Independently Derive From Your Use of Our Site_

Aside from any information you may actively disclose to us, there is other, less obvious, information which we might gain from you. Generally, we use such information for internal purposes such as to improve the content of our Web pages and/or customize the layout of our pages for each individual visitor according to their preferences. In addition, we keep records in your account history of your complaints about other members’ online behavior, your contact with Classroom Connect and any reported violations of our Terms of Use that you or someone on your account may have committed.

__Computer Information__. We automatically query your computer for information about your computer system such as the speed of your modem, error messages you may have received, or operating system type -- to help us fit our services to your individual needs and to help us diagnose problems you may be having with your system. We use an identifier in the form of a user ID to give you access to subscription or premium areas.

__Geographic Location__. We sometimes use information about your geographical location to provide localized service. By knowing where your computer is located, we can provide faster service by sending your server localized content. Also, we may use your zip code or time zone to make sure certain information you see is accurate for you.

__Aggregate Information__. Finally, our system automatically gathers information about the areas you visit on our Site. We use this navigational information in the aggregate to understand how our members (be they teachers or K-12 students) as a group use the service so that we can make our Site better. We may also share this aggregate statistical information with our partners or other outside companies, but in doing so, we never disclose individual names or personal navigational information. Some examples of how we aggregate such information are as follows:

__Cookies.__ Cookies are pieces of information that our Web Site transfers to your computer’s hard drive in order to make your experience on our Site more efficient. Cookies allow us to customize the information we provide according to your preferences and/or user profile. Cookies are widely used on the Internet and have become an industry standard. Although a cookie cannot, in and of itself, identify you, it can identify your computer. Your browser is most likely set up to accept cookies automatically. If you’d like to disable this feature you may do so by adjusting the options or preferences in your browser. However, by doing so, you will lose some of the functionality of Classroom Connect’s Web pages such as gaining access to any of the subscription Internet products you have purchased from our Online Store, and losing ability for personalization. This is because we use cookies to enable user registration and login and personalization, as well as in conjunction with our Online Store to keep track of your shopping cart and record billing and shipping address. Cookies used in the Online Store will expire generally after two weeks. We use cookies to keep track of your user session and click stream data, as well as to to tailor web content to your interests and/or to personalize our Site (e.g. your name automatically appears on our Site).

__IP Addresses__. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you begin service with an Internet Service Provider. Classroom Connect collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to audit the use of our Site. Each time you log onto our Site and each time you request one of our pages, our server logs your IP address. Although we log your session with us, we will not normally link your IP address to anything that can enable us to identify you. However, we can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules or terms of service or to protect our service, Site, users or others.

Classroom Connect may require other information for tracking and/or verifying compliance with Classroom Connect policies, fulfilling any prizes or promotions we may offer, as well as abiding by federal, state and local laws, and/or for editorial and feedback solicitation purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may use your information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices materially change at some time in the future, we will contact you (or post such change to the Site) before we use your data for these new purposes. At that time we would notify you of the policy change and provide you with the ability to opt-in or opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, please periodically check our Site, especially this privacy policy.

**POLICIES FOR KIDS (INDIVIDUALS UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE)**

We understand that our student users who are under 13 years of age need special safeguards and privacy protection and it is our intent to fully comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. In addition, we realize that children may not understand all the provisions of our policy or be able to make thoughtful decisions about the choices available to adult members. For this reason, we have special privacy policies to protect students and children using areas on the service specifically designed for them. However, we urge all parents, teachers and classroom administrators to teach their children and/or students about protecting their personal information while online. A good starting point for learning about children’s privacy online is the [U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s privacy section.](http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/) It is important to understand that only certain portions of our site are intended for or directed at children under the age of 13 years old. No personal information in these or any other areas should be submitted to, or posted by, students under 13 years of age without the consent and guidance of their parent or guardian.

**We have agreed that when attempting to collect or use personally identifiable information from children under 13, we will:**

1\. Get parental consent (for example, by sending in a permission form by regular mail or by fax, or by email where permitted by COPPA regulations in effect April 21, 2000) before collecting, using, or distributing to third parties a child’s name, address, school, telephone numbers or other personally identifiable information or third party personally identifiable information from children under 13. We will not share children’s information with third parties.

2\. Get parental consent before giving the child access to services that allow the child to publicly post or distribute personally identifiable information or third party personally identifiable information (with the exception of [Epostcards](http://www.classroomtoday.com/StudentCenter/postcards/choosePostCardGroup.asp)).

3\. Use online contact information for the child (such as an email address) a) only once to respond to a specific request from the child; b) in order to request the name or online contact information of a parent in order to get parental consent or provide parental notification; and c) to respond more than once directly to a specific request from the child and not to recontact the child beyond the scope of that request. When the information is used to contact the child more than once, reasonable efforts will be taken to provide parental notification.

4\. Not entice a child or student by offering a special game, prize, or other activity to give more information than is needed to participate in that activity.

5\. Provide the child's or student's parent, upon request, with a) a description of the specific types of personally identifiable information or third party personally identifiable information collected from the child or student and allow the parent to refuse further use or future online collection of personally identifiable information or third party personally identifiable information from the child or student; and b) a means that is reasonable under the circumstances for the parent to obtain any personally identifiable information or third party personally identifiable Information collected from the child.

6\. Provide prominent notice to the child describing what personally identifiable information or third party personally identifiable information will be collected, and explain the need for the child to get parental consent before giving information.

7\. Maintain reasonable security procedures to protect the child’s personally identifiable information or third party personally identifiable information collected through the site from the child. We do not currently collect personally identifiable information from children.

9\. No student registration is currently available.

10\. Ensure that no information collected from guests under 13 years of age is knowingly used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside Classroom Connect except as explicitly stated during registration for contests or promotions (and in that case, the information collected is used only for the specific contest or promotion). In addition, although guests under 13 years of age may be allowed to participate in some contests and promotions, if such a guest wins, notification and prizes are sent to the parents or guardians identified in the initial registration process. Publication of contest winners names, ages, or images for individuals under 13 require parental or guardian consent.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us by e-mail at [skarasic@classroom.com](mailto:skarasic@classroom.com?subject=privacy)

Unsolicited email is a problem for everyone, but it is particularly a problem for children. This includes mail that could contain content you may not want your children to see, or mail that may ask for information you would not want your children to give out. In this regard, Classroom Connect is currently monitoring all the boards and posts made on its Site. If Classroom Connect believes, in its opinion, that the subject matter is inappropriate we will refrain from posting the message on Site, or we may simply remove all personally identifiable information.

If you have more questions or concerns about how to safeguard children's privacy, there is a lot of great information on the Federal Trade Commission's site -- in particular, the Traveling with Children section in their article on [Site Seeing on the Internet](http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/pubs/online/sitesee/index.html).

**HOW TO ACCESS YOUR USER INFORMATION**

Upon request via email to [help@classroom.com](mailto:help@classroom.com), we will provide you with access to any other unique identifying information (e.g., user ID or password) that we maintain about you. This might include transaction information (e.g., dates on which you made purchases, amounts and types of purchases), communications that you have directed to our Site (e.g., emails, user inquiries, and contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number). Logged-in visitors can [update their Teacher Profile](http://connectedteacher.classroom.com/profile/profile.asp) information. Via email request to [help@classroom.com](mailto:help@classroom.com), you also have the ability to have any inaccuracies corrected in your contact information as further described below.

**HOW TO CHANGE YOUR USER INFORMATION**

In case you change your mind or some of your personal information changes (such as your billing information), we encourage you to correct, update or remove the personal data that you have given to us. You can do this by emailing [help@classroom.com](mailto:help@classroom.com) or visiting [My Profile](http://connectedteacher.classroom.com/profile/profile.asp) to update Teacher Profile information. 

**WHEN WE MAY BE FORCED TO DISCLOSE**

Classroom Connect may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Classroom Connect’s rights or property or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Classroom Connect may also disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.

**OPTING-OUT AND OPTING-IN**

We here at Classroom Connect believe that you should have the ability to opt-in or opt-out, as the case may be, of certain uses of their personal information. Thus, where you see a box allowing you to "opt-in" or "opt-out" of us using your information for its clearly designated purpose, we ask you to do so if you so desire. We believe this policy will keep you in full control of your personal information and the communications directed to you. If at any time you object to such use for any reason, you may stop that use either by email request to [](mailto:help@classroom.com). To unsubscribe from a Classroom Connect email list, please visit:

[http://connectedteacher.classroom.com/listServ/subscribeDo.asp](http://connectedteacher.classroom.com/listServ/unsubscribe.asp)

**LINKS TO OTHER SITES**

Linking to other sites is an integral part of the functionality of the Internet and therefore of the Classroom Connect Site. Any link to a page which displays a URL of a non-Classroom Connect site (see [Who We Are](http://www.classroom.com/general/copyright/privacypolicy.asp#who) for a list of our sites) in the address window of your browser, is a link to a site outside of our service.This includes links to our [AmericaQuest Partners](http://www.classroom.com/partnerships/partnerships.asp), selected [A+ Web Links](http://connectedteacher.classroom.com/library/search.asp), and links to any other advertisers and partners that may link to Classroom Connect or are part of a co-branding agreement, as well as other suggested links or links our users may post. These other sites may send their own cookies to you, collect data or solicit personal information. Although we monitor the sites that we link to and make every attempt to ensure their quality, we cannot guarantee and are not responsible for the content of outside sites. For more information on safety on the Internet for children, [Internet 101’s excellent article](http://www2.famvid.com/i101/safe.html) is a good starting place.

Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information on other Web sites, for example via message boards or chat, that information can be collected and used by people you don’t know. While Classroom Connect strives to protect our visitors' personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security and privacy of any information you disclose at other Web sites and you do so at your own risk.

**EMAIL LINKS**

We use email links located on our "contact us" pages to allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. 

We read every message sent in and try to reply promptly to every one. This information is used to respond directly to your questions or comments. We may also file your comments to improve the site and program, or review and discard the information. Your personal information is only shared with third parties with your explicit permission.

**SECURITY**

This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Classroom.com is protected by industry standard “secure socket layer” (SSL) technology. You can see this technology at work at critical parts of the site, such as when you fill in an online order form at our online store [http://store.classroom.com](http://store.classroom.com/). SSL is evident in the image of a lock shown usually at the bottom of your screen. Our database server has a backup system to prevent loss of data. Only Classroom Connect staff are allowed to access or alter any information stored at Classroom Connect. This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information.  When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.

When our order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL.  While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.  To learn more about SSL, follow this link: <http://store.classroom.com/help/security_info.asp>

While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. Our company regularly updates employees on privacy issues via email and verbal announcements. Only authorized employees have access to sensitive information online. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific for example, Client Interaction, have access to customers' personally identifiable information. 

To help protect your account, please keep your password secure. We suggest that you pick a non-obvious password and one that mixes numbers and letters.  In addition, we recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. Classroom Connect will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email. Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information.

Remember to log out of your Classroom Connect registered user account and close your browser window whenever you leave your computer. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence, because your computer may be accessible to others or used in a shared setting such as a school computer lab, library or Internet café.

Classroom Connect’s policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond Classroom Connect’s control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation.

If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to [skarasic@classroom.com](mailto:skarasic@classroom.com).

**LEGAL DISCLAIMER**

We may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on our Web site.

**NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES**

We will notify you directly via email if there is a material change in our privacy practices. We will also post the changes in our privacy statement 30 days prior to a change.

**YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS**

By using this Site, you signify your assent to the Classroom Connect Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. If you do not agree with these policies, please refrain from using our Site. Your continued use of the Classroom Connect Site following a reasonable notice of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this Web site’s privacy statement and/or terms of use, you should contact us via email at: [skarasic@classroom.com.](mailto:skarasic@classroom.com?subject=privacy)
