> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the n49.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060615205951id_/http%3A//www.n49interactive.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# N49 Privacy Policy | Toronto Web Design | Canada

  


## Terms Of Use

You may not download or save any image(s) for any reason. 

## Privacy Policy

We are committed to providing our visitors with a web site that respects their privacy. This page summarizes the privacy policy and practices on N49 Interactive.com. 

  1. We do not automatically gather any personal information from you, such as your name, phone number, e-mail or address. This information is only obtained if you supply it voluntarily, usually through contacting us via e-mail, or registering in a secure portion of the site. 
  2. Any personal information you do provide is protected under the federal Privacy Act of Canada. This means that, at the point of collection, you will be informed that your personal information is being collected, the purpose for which it is being collected and that you have a right of access to the information. 
  3. We use software that receives and records the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer that has contacted our Web site. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site. 
  4. We do not regularly use "cookies" to track how our visitors use the site. Whenever we enable "cookies" to facilitate your transactions, we will first inform you. 
  5. Visitor information is not disclosed to anyone except N49 Interactive personnel who need the information, e.g., to respond to a request. 
  6. If you join a N49.com online discussion group, we may ask you to volunteer personal information such as your name and email address for the purposes of effective administration of the discussion group. In some cases, our groups are limited to member only discussions and as such cannot be accessed by the general public. We will notify you as to whether you are joining a closed (limited) or open (public) discussion. 



For questions or comments regarding this policy please contact us by [E-mail](mailto:info@n49.com).  
To learn more about Canada's commitment to protect your privacy we suggest you read [Canada's Privacy Act](http://www.privcom.gc.ca/). 
