> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the n49.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2011-09-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110917172810id_/http%3A//www.n49.ca/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# n49.ca | the directory powered by YOU | Search Canada

## **OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY:**

n49.ca is a website owned and operated by N49 Interactive Inc. Our offices are located at 505 Eglinton Avenue West, Suite 402, Toronto, Ontario, M5N 1B1. n49.ca is a web based application which allows users to search for business information based on a number of criteria, including the recommendations of Members and n49.ca. Users create personal profiles, write reviews of, and select favourite businesses. They may also add or edit information, images, or video associated with businesses. This information can be accessed by anyone with an Internet connection, though only members may add or edit information.

We recognize that protecting your privacy and personal information is important to you. Collection, use and disclosure of personal information by n49.ca are governed by the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (the “Act”) and any applicable provincial legislation. This Privacy Policy explains what personal information is collected from its users and how it is used. It also explains how you can ask questions, make suggestions and contact us should you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices.

n49.ca collects personal information for specific, limited purposes. Information is collected by fair and lawful means.

n49.ca collects some personal information, such as your name and email address, from you to provide the requested service. n49.ca does not sell, share, or rent your personal information in ways different from what is disclosed here.  
n49.ca may also use third-party companies to provide various services when you visit this website. n49.ca is not responsible for the privacy practices of external websites linked to this site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these other websites when you leave our website.  
WHAT WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT  
We collect your name and email address to identify you and send you notifications related to the use of the service. You may opt out of any notifications from the site, by sending us an email at [admin@n49.ca](mailto:admin@n49.ca), with “opt out” in the subject line. We may also use this information to send you an email newsletter, which may contain offers or information from us, our affiliates and from selected sponsors or advertisers (“Marketing Offers”). If you do not wish to receive Marketing Offers after providing your consent, you may unsubscribe at any time.  
We collect user voluntarily submitted information, images and video.  
We also collect user voluntarily submitted information under the 'About Me' section of user profiles.  
We may collect user submitted mobile phone numbers so you can receive notifications or access this site from your mobile phone.  
We collect user submitted favorites, ratings, and reviews to post on this site. When you voluntarily disclose information on the public forums of this site, your personal and other information disclosed in your communication shall become public information and can be collected and used by outside parties. Such activities are beyond the control of n49.ca.  
If you enter a contest or other promotion, we use your personal contact information to administer the contest or promotion, including contacting, announcing and promoting prizewinners.  
If you use this website, we may assign an internet cookie or web beacon. An internet cookie is a small text file that a website stores on your internet browser and that can collect and store information relating to your interest in and use of the various areas of the site. We use cookies to better understand how our users use this website and to improve the performance of this website. If you are concerned about cookies, it is possible to turn them off in your web browser preferences. However, please be aware that by disabling cookies, you may not be able to use all portions of this site, particularly pages requiring registration. Web beacons allow us to count users who have visited our pages and to deliver co-branded services. They are used to compile aggregate, non-personal information about website usage.  
We may place advertising or other links on this site which originate from third party advertisers. If you view these ads, the advertisers may assign a cookie or a web beacon. n49.ca does not control these cookies or web beacons, nor is it responsible for any marketing or other use of your personal information by these advertisers.  
Other than as permitted or required by law, purposes for the collection, use or disclosure of personal information, which are not set out in the Privacy Policy, will be set out at the time of collection. You will be given a reasonable opportunity to consent to any additional purposes no later than the time of collection.

##  **PARTIES TO WHOM N49.CA WILL DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

Your username, profile, photos, videos, reviews, and any personally identifiable information you have included in the 'About Me' section of your profile will be posted on this site for users to see.  
Your username and email address may also be used and disclosed to your friends when you use this site to send an email to your friends to share site information, or invite them to join the site. If your friends use this site to contact you, we will use your name and email address to contact you on behalf of your friends.  
n49.ca may transfer your personal information to affiliates and service providers acting on its behalf for internal audit, management, administrative and other purposes or in order to perform processing and other specialized services, such as prize fulfillment of our contests.  
n49.ca will disclose your personal information to governmental or judicial authorities or law enforcement agencies or to other individuals or entities in response to subpoenas, court orders or other legal processes. We also reserve the right to use and disclose your personal information where required or permitted by law or if we have reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful when investigating a contravention of a federal, provincial or foreign law, in order to protect or defend our legal interests, or to comply with applicable laws and lawful governmental requests.  
n49.ca may disclose your personal information to parties connected with the contemplated or actual financing, insuring, sale, assignment or other disposal of all or part of our business or assets, including for the purposes of determining whether to proceed or continue with such transaction or business relationship or fulfilling any records or other reporting requirements to such parties. We will require such parties to treat your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to use and disclose only for the purposes for which it was collected.

  Non-Personal Information: Non-personal or aggregated information is information that cannot be associated with or traced back to a specific person. When you browse this site and are not logged in, for example, we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you, but we do gather information about the number of people viewing each page so that we can learn what features are the most popular. We also collect the IP addresses of all visitors to the site. We disclose aggregated information about this website to third parties.  
Online Policy Regarding Privacy of Children: We do not believe that this website appeals directly to individuals under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect information from individuals under this age. Please do not use this site if you are under the age of 18. n49.ca urges all parents to supervise their children’s exploration of the Internet and any online services and to teach their children about protecting their personal information online.  
Consent and Opt-OutPolicy: In general, n49.ca seeks consent to use your personal information in accordance with our opt-out policy. If you do not wish to receive notifications, you can let us know by sending an email to [admin@n49.ca](mailto:admin@n49.ca). If you do not wish to receive e-mail newsletters and Marketing Offers from n49.ca, and selected Business Owners registered to the site, you can choose to do so by opting-out. You can then opt-out at any time by following the instructions at the bottom of any email.  
Generally, by providing us with your personal information, we will assume that you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of such information for the purposes identified or described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to collect, use and disclose your personal information without consent where required or permitted by law.

How to Access and Modify Your Personal Information: n49.ca provides you with the means to access and modify your profile by accessing the “Edit Profile” section of your directory. If you are a registered user and wish to close your account, you can do so by contacting [admin@n49.ca](mailto:admin@n49.ca). This will remove all of your personal information from the site. We will give you access to the information we retain about you within a reasonable time, upon written request to the Privacy Officer, satisfactory identification and proof of entitlement.  
Contact Information: If you have any questions or comments about n49.ca’s Privacy Policy or our information handling practices, you can contact the Privacy Officer at [privacy@n49.ca](mailto:privacy@n49.ca)
