> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the upfeet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171118214214id_/http%3A//www.upfeet.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# UpFeet United States - Privacy policies

Upfeet is committed to safeguarding its users' privacy. We request all our users to read the following 'privacy policy' to understand how their personal and business information will be treated, as they make full use of our services to their benefit. Privacy issues are a high priority for us at Upfeet and we follow standard industry practices to maintain your personal information. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.

**Personal Information** Upfeet collects information from its users when they register to gain access to our services or at other specific instances when they are requested to provide us with their personal & business information. During registration, we ask the users for their email address, service information and other details. Once a user registers, he/she is no longer anonymous to Upfeet and it is deemed that the user has the right to publish the desired business and service details throughout its Website.

By online registration for free ad you will provide the personal information including your email address for verification. On enabling Email me when user comment or reply for ad you will get the response from the customers for the ad posted. We do not reveal your email address in any public forum or in the ad published and instead it is kept confidential. In addition to it, once the user's personal and business information is displayed on our network, the user may start receiving business enquiries through email, phone calls or SMS notifications, from various buyers and sellers that might or might not be of their interest. Upfeet does not exercise any control over its users for sending business enquiries to the listed members. 

We record buying and browsing activities of our users including but not limited to their client's contact details and profiles and uses the same to provide value-added services to our users. 

**Use of Information** Upfeet is an online website that offers a variety of services designed to connect people from around the world. The information, whether personal information of any form of self-expression is used to help you describe yourself to other users. Upfeet also collects additional information in order to operate and improve our service. Whenever a user comments on your ad it may appear on the website. Only you and the member user are bound to the messages.

**Email Communication**

Upfeet generally communicates with you as a registered member of Upfeet through the primary email that you have specified at the time of registration. This is also used as the login text string in conjunction with the password to authenticate you on the Upfeet site. Your email and password are never shared with anybody within or outside Upfeet. Upfeet uses this email address to send you three types of communications:

 • Sending you emails related to the proper functioning of your account (e.g. when you receive a response to a classified you have posted on Upfeet)

 • Sending you occasional announcements about changes in Upfeet's policies or promotions introduction of new services

 • Please note that these email communications may contain commercial messages of advertisers; however, Upfeet does not provide your personal information or emails to any of the advertisers; we just include the advertising banners they provide us in the emails that we send. As always you can opt out of the newsletters or promotional announcements.

**Cookies** We may use cookies to manage our users’ sessions and to store preferences, tracking information, and language selection. Cookies may be used whether you register with us or not. "Cookies" are small text files transferred by a web server to your hard drive and thereafter stored on your computer. The types of information a cookie collects include the date and time you visited, your browsing history, your preferences, and your username. In some instances, our third-party service providers may use cookies on the Website. We cannot control or access cookies used by third- party service providers. This Privacy Policy covers only Cookies used by us, and not any cookies used by third parties. You have the ability to either accept or decline the use of cookies on your computer, whether you are registered with us or not. Typically, you can configure your browser to not accept cookies. However, declining the use of cookies may limit your access to certain features of the Website.

**Third parties** We use third-party service providers to process purchases you may make and to monitor our users’ interests. In addition, the Website may occasionally contain links to Third-Party Sites. If you click on the links to Third-Party Websites, you leave the Website. We are not responsible for the content of these Third-Party Websites or for the security of your personal information when you use the Third Party Websites. These third-party service providers and Third-Party Sites may have their own privacy policies governing the storage and retention of your personal information that you may be subject to. They may collect information such as your IP address, browser specification, or operating system. This Privacy Policy does not govern personal information provided to, stored on, or used by these third-party providers and Third-Party Sites. We recommend that when you enter a Third-Party Site, you review the Third Party Site’s privacy policy as it relates to safeguarding your personal information. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Website.

**Protecting Your Personal Information** You are a valued customer, and we recognize that protecting your privacy is important to you. For this reason, we are committed to protecting the personal information you provide in a variety of ways. Your Registration Information may be protected by a unique customer password and user ID. You should not disclose your password information to anyone and you should always remember to log off if using a shared computer. Lastly, you may utilize the Website as an anonymous user by not registering. We have taken certain security protections in safeguarding your personal information. However, as with most electronic transactions, no method is 100% safe. While we strive to use a commercially acceptable means to protect the personal information you provide, we cannot guarantee its security. Therefore, you acknowledge and agree that we assume no liability regarding the theft, loss, alteration or misuse of personal or other information or Content, including, without limitation, such information that has been provided to third parties or other users, or with regards to the failure of a third party to abide by the agreement between us and such third party. You may participate in our Forum or utilize our Comments feature.

**Accessing and Modifying Personal Information**

        You may access, remove, review, and/or make changes to service information that you have provided to us via the Contact Support form. You need not register in order to respond to advertisements on the Website. If you register or respond to advertisements or posts on the Website or post any content on the Website, we may send you certain notifications, advertisements, promotions, surveys and specials. We may also send you any legally required notifications and certain notifications, including but not limited to, service related notices or notices regarding a change to any of our policies. For example, we may send you a notice regarding server problems or scheduled maintenance to the Website. In order to opt-out of receiving these notices, you may need to deactivate your account. You can opt out of certain e-mail communications from us, including response from buyers on the Website, notifications that a user has commented on your posting, and notifications that you can refresh your posting. We will not change your preferences without your consent. 

**Disclosures**

            On rare occasions, we may be required to disclose your personal information due to legal or regulatory requirements. In such instances, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required in order to comply with our legal obligations, including but not limited to complying with court orders, warrants, subpoenas, service of process requirements, or discovery requests. We may also disclose information about our users to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce these Terms and/or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Upfeet, our users or the general public. You agree and acknowledge that we may not inform you prior to or after disclosures made according to this section. If substantially all of our assets are sold or merged into another company, we will notify you of the transaction. The acquiring company shall be given access to your personal information without your consent. 

**Notification of Changes**

We reserve the right to change these Terms from time to time, and at our sole discretion. We may/ may not send you a notice regarding material changes to these Terms, including the Privacy Policy or the Website. It is your responsibility to check the privacy policy and terms on the event of using the site. With this information, you should be able to identify if the Terms have been updated recently. 
