> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iii.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090622141628id_/http%3A//www.iii.co.uk/about/%3Ftype%3Dlegal%26subtype%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Interactive Investor - About us

Version: 16 August 2007

## Introduction

  1. We take our obligations under the Data Protection Act 1998 and all related regulations ("the Act") very seriously and have taken steps to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Act.
  2. This Privacy Policy sets out the principles governing our use of your Personal Data. By registering to use the services available on our website (the "Site") and by using the Site generally, you agree to the principles set out below. Defined terms in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in the [General Site Conditions](https://web.archive.org/about/?type=legal&subtype=terms) and the Act.



## What Personal Data do we collect and why

  3. When you register and use the Site, we will ask you to provide certain data, such as your contact details and demographic information. We may supplement the information that you provide us with information we receive from our Service Providers and/or other third parties.
  4. The principal purposes for which we process and store your Personal Data are:

    * to allow you to personalise services provided via the Site (for example, allowing you to create and customise your own portfolios);
    * to speed up the application process for Trading Services (for example, by collecting personal details we can pre-populate new applications and other forms on the Site saving you time in filling in those details);
    * to monitor, improve and administer the Site and the services provided on the Site;
    * to enable Service Providers to assist in providing, maintaining and operating the Trading Services;
    * to enable us to conduct surveys and aggregate user profiles;
    * to enable us to conduct prize draws which you have entered via the Site;
    * to provide you with information on selected products and selected services that we think may be of interest to you (unless you have asked us not to do so); and
    * to enable us to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
    * to contact you to ensure customer satisfaction in respect of our role as a site provider and assist you in getting the best value from our service.

Full details of the purposes are set out in our Data Protection registration.

  5. As part of our customer service we may also share your Personal Data with other companies so that we can provide you with appropriate information about our or other company's products and selected services. You will be able to indicate on the Site if you do not wish to receive such information. You may also notify us at any time on the "My Profile" page on the Site or by contacting the Interactive Investor Contact Centre on 0845 88 00 267 if you decide you do not want to receive such information.



## Use of Cookies

  6. To enable us to provide the services available on the Site and to monitor and improve the Site, we may gather certain information about you, including details of your operating system, browser version, domain name and IP address, the details of the web site you linked from to the Site.
  7. We may use cookies only to store information such as your User name and your session identifiers to enable us to identify whether you are registered on to the Site and, if so, to shortcut your access to the Site. We will only read cookies from your cookie file placed there through your web browser's interaction with the Site.
  8. Third party advertising cookies: some of the advertisements you see on this site are generated by third parties. Some of these third parties generate their own "anonymous cookies", for the same reasons we do: to track how many unique users have seen a particular ad, and how many times they have seen it and provide you with advertisements that are more relevant to your interests. Additionally, the companies that generate these cookies have their own, very strict, privacy policies but we don't have access to these cookies; other than allowing them to be served, we have no role to play in these cookies at all (although we may use statistical information arising from these third party cookies and provided to us by third parties, to improve the targeting of advertisements to users).
  9. Interactive Investor may use pixels, or transparent GIF files to help manage online advertising. The GIF files are provided by our ad management partners to enable them to recognise a unique cookie on your web browser, and to display adverts which are of relevance to you. The information collected is anonymous and is not personally identifiable.



## Security of your Personal Data

  10. We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your Personal Data including the use of encryption technology, but cannot guarantee the security of any Personal Data you disclose online. You accept the inherent security implications of dealing online over the internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent or in wilful default. 
  11. For further information on the security of the Site and your Personal Data please click here to view our Security Policy.



## Communications between us

  12. We may intercept, record and/or monitor any communication(s) (including telephone calls or other electronic communications) between you and us. We may do so in order to resolve queries in the future and for the purposes of ensuring security, staff training and complying with our regulatory and legal responsibilities.
  13. In the case of communications by email you should note that as emails are not currently encrypted (and may therefore be intercepted by third parties) and as the identity of the sender cannot be confirmed you must NOT provide your security details by email and should avoid providing any Personal Data to us by email. We will not provide Personal Data to you be email.
  14. We have certain responsibilities under the Money Laundering Regulations 2003 and the FSA Rules to verify the identity of clients and may need to make certain enquiries and obtain certain information from you for that purpose. You confirm that all information you supply will be accurate and that we may disclose such information as we consider necessary to comply with any reporting or legal and regulatory requirements.
  15. You agree that we may disclose to the FSA and to any other regulatory authority to which we are subject and to any investment exchange on which we may deal or to its related clearing house (or to investigators, inspectors or agents appointed by them), or to any person empowered to require such information by or under any legal enactment, any information they may request or require relating to you or, if relevant, any of your clients.



## Obtaining copies of and changing your Personal Data

  16. In the event that you wish to see a copy of your Personal Data held by us please visit the "My Profiles" page on the Site or write to:

The Interactive Investor Data Protection Officer  
Interactive Investor Trading Limited  
21 Mansell Street,  
London  
EC1 8AA 
  17. We will amend or delete any Personal Data relating to you which is found to be incorrect or not relevant in accordance with the Act. If you are aware of any changes that should be made to your Personal Data please visit the "My Profiles" page on the Site or otherwise notify the Interactive Investor Contact Centre on 0845 88 00 267 as soon as possible.


