> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wp101.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180812115646id_/https%3A//www.wp101.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for WP101.com

## Privacy Policy

Your privacy is very important to us, and we value your trust by visiting our website. This policy explains what information we collect, how, and why we collect it when you visit our website, or when you use our Services. It also explains the specific ways we use and disclose that information. We take your privacy extremely seriously, and we never sell lists or email addresses.

### Definitions

These definitions should help you understand this policy. When we say “we,” “us,” “our,” and “WP101,” we are referring to WP101, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, with its principal place of business at 9707 Shadowglade Ct, Houston, TX 77064. We provide online training that you may use to learn how to use certain software tools to build or manage your own website. When we say “Member,” we are referring to the person or entity that is registered with us to use the Services. When we say “you,” we are referring either to a Member or to some other person who visits our Website (“Visitors”). “Personal Information” means any information that identifies or can be used to identify you, directly or indirectly, including, but not limited to, first and last name, email address, or other demographic information.

We offer the Services on our Website, [https://www.wp101.com](https://www.wp101.com/). This Privacy Policy applies to this specific website. The “Website” includes any web pages, interactive features, applications, widgets, blogs, social networks, social network “tabs,” or other online, or mobile offerings that post a link to this Privacy Policy, whether accessed via computer, mobile device, or other technology, manner or means. While providing the Services, and as described in more detail below, we may collect Personal Information about a Website visitor, or Member.

### Changes

We may change this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy is reflected by the version date located at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. All updates and amendments are effective immediately upon notice, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, by posting a revised version of this Privacy Policy or other notice on the Website. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy often to stay informed of changes that may affect you, as your continued use of the Website signifies your continuing consent to be bound by this Privacy Policy. Our electronically or otherwise properly stored copies of this Privacy Policy are each deemed to be the true, complete, valid, authentic, and enforceable copy of the version of this Privacy Policy which were in effect on each respective date you visited the Website.

### Scope

This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to any data that we have collected, or collect, about and/or from you, according to our [Terms of Use](https://www.wp101.com/terms-service/).

### Questions & Concerns

If you have any questions or comments, or if you want to update, delete, or change any Personal Information we hold, or you have a concern about the way in which we have handled any privacy matter, please use our [contact form](https://www.wp101.com/contact/) to send us a message. You may also contact us by postal mail or email at:

WP101, LLC  
Attn. Privacy Officer  
[privacy@wp101.com](mailto:privacy@wp101.com)  
9707 Shadowglade Ct  
Houston, TX 77064 USA

## What personal data we collect and why we collect it

Some visitors to WP101’s website choose to interact with WP101 in ways that require WP101 to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that WP101 gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at WP101.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with WP101 are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, WP101 collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with WP101. WP101 does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

The IP address of visitors, user ID of logged in users, and username of login attempts are conditionally logged to check for malicious activity and to protect the site from specific kinds of attacks. Examples of conditions when logging occurs include login attempts, log out requests, requests for suspicious URLs, changes to site content, and password updates. This information is retained for 14 days.

### Accounts

When you register an account with us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, email address, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We use this information to:

  * Send you information about your account, orders, courses, and memberships
  * Communicate with you about courses and memberships in which you are enrolled
  * Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
  * Process payments and prevent fraud
  * Set up your account so you can access our site
  * Comply with any legal obligations we may have
  * Improve our site’s offerings
  * Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them



Comments or Reviews 

When visitors choose to leave comments or reviews on the website we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.

An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: <https://automattic.com/privacy/>. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.

### Media

If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.

### Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. WP101 uses cookies to help WP101 identify and track visitors, their usage of WP101 website, and their website access preferences. WP101 visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using WP101’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of WP101’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

If you leave a comment on our website you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.

If you have an account and you log in to this website, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.

When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.

If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.

When you watch a video on our website, our video hosting provider, Vimeo, saves a cookie in your browser that supports video functionality like closed-captions and other preferences, saves your playback position, and tracks views.

Google Analytics gathers information allowing us to understand interactions with our websites and ultimately refine that experience to better serve you.

### How can I control cookies?

You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies.

**Website Cookie Preference Tool:** You can exercise your Website cookie preferences by visiting the TRUSTe preference center by clicking this link: <https://preferences-mgr.truste.com/>.

**Browser Controls:** You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our Website though your access to some functionality and areas of our Website may be restricted. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser’s help menu for more information.

**Disabling Most Interest Based Advertising:** Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of Interest Based Advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit <https://www.aboutads.info/choices/> or [https://www.youronlinechoices.com](https://www.youronlinechoices.com/).

**Mobile Advertising:** You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of Interest Based Advertising, including those performed by us, by accessing the settings in your Apple or Android mobile device and following the most recent published instructions. If you opt out, we will remove all data about you and no further data collection or tracking will occur. The random ID we (or our third party partners) had previously assigned to you will also be removed. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt-in, we will not be able to continue and track you using the same ID as before, and you will for all practical purposes be a new user to our system.

**Do Not Track:** Some Internet browsers – like Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari – include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” or “DNT” signals. Since uniform standards for “DNT” signals have not been adopted, our Websites do not currently process or respond to “DNT” signals. MailChimp takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard. To learn more about “DNT”, please visit All About Do Not Track.

### Analytics

WP101 may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. WP101 may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, WP101 does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described herein.

We and our third party partners may use technologies from time to time, like web beacons, pixels (or “clear gifs”) and other tracking technologies. These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our Websites or, in the case of web beacons, opened an e-mail that we have sent them. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Websites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to serve targeted advertisements to you and others like you, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of marketing campaigns. While you may not have the ability to specifically reject or disable these tracking technologies, in many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly; accordingly, in those instances, declining cookies will block or impair functioning of these technologies.

### Targeted online advertising

We have engaged one or more third party service providers to track and analyse both individualized usage and volume statistical information from interactions with our Websites. We also partner with one or more third parties (such as advertisers and ad networks) to display advertising on our Websites and/or to manage and serve advertising on other sites.

These third parties use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and similar tracking technologies to collect and use certain information about your online activities, either on our Websites and/or other sites or mobile apps, to infer your interests and deliver you targeted advertisements that are more tailored to you based on your browsing activities and inferred interests (“Interest Based Advertising”). For more information about this practice, click here: <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/>.

Our third party service providers may also use cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to our Websites and/or other sites to measure and track the effectiveness of advertisements and our online marketing activities (for example, by collecting data on how many times you click on one of our ads). The information collected by these third parties does not include personal information that enables you to be specifically identified (e.g. by reference to your name or email address).

## With whom do we share your data?

WP101 only discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on WP101’s behalf or to provide services available at WP101’s websites, and (ii) who have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using WP101’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. WP101 will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, WP101 discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when WP101 believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of WP101, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an WP101 website and have supplied your email address, WP101 may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with WP101 and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via our contact form), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. WP101 takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

This site is scanned for potential malware and vulnerabilities by Sucuri’s SiteCheck. We do not send personal information to Sucuri; however, Sucuri could find personal information posted publicly (such as in comments) during their scan. For more details, please see [Sucuri’s privacy policy](https://sucuri.net/privacy).

### Who on our team has access?

Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Site Managers can access:

  * Order information, including what product was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and
  * Customer information like your name, email address, and billing information.



Additionally, course and membership instructors can access your course progress and activities including:

  * Enrollment dates for their courses and memberships
  * Course progress and status information for their courses
  * Quiz and assignments answers and grades for their courses
  * Comments and reviews made on their memberships and courses



Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds, and support you.

### How long do we retain your data?

If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.

For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (with the exception of being able to change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.

Security logs are retained for 14 days.

### Where do we send your data?

When consenting to receive information about courses and memberships which you are enrolled in, your email address, first name, and last name will be added to MailChimp, our email marketing service provider. For more information, please refer to [MailChimp’s Privacy Policy](https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/).

Visitor comments may be checked through [Akismet](https://akismet.com/), an automated spam detection service. We collect information about visitors who comment on our site using the Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).

This web site uses a third party service to manage administrative tasks. If you leave a comment, submit personal information via a contact form, or otherwise exchange personal details with us, it is possible that we may use this service to manage that data. Please visit the [iThemes Privacy Policy](https://ithemes.com/privacy-policy/) for more information regarding the way they handle their data.

This site is part of a network of sites that protect against distributed brute force attacks. To enable this protection, the IP address of visitors attempting to log into the site is shared with a service provided by ithemes.com. For privacy policy details, please see the [iThemes Privacy Policy](https://ithemes.com/privacy-policy).

### Business Transfers

If WP101, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that WP101 goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of WP101 may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.

### What rights do you have over your data?

If you have an account on this website, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.

## Questions and Requests

If you have a question about our Privacy Policy, or would like to request your data to be removed from our site, please reach out to us at: [privacy@wp101.com](mailto:privacy@wp101.com)

_Last Updated: May 31st, 2018_
