> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the slrlounge.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181228102753id_/https%3A//www.slrlounge.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

_Updated: May 25th, 2018_

Our SLR Lounge Privacy Policy is here to help inform you on the kind of data we may collect from you through the usage of our site and services, and how we may use that information.

### **Information We May Collect**

**Account Information**

When you create an account on SLR Lounge, we collect the information you provide only to contact you in regards to our products and services, or otherwise as described in our Privacy Policy. Should you include any personally identifiable information in your public profile or submit to any of our public-facing pages, your provided information will be publicly accessible.

**Information via On-site Usage and Browsing**

We may also anonymously collect additional information about you from your use of the site. The information is in addition to what you provided and what we collect may include, but is not limited to, content viewed, IP address, ISP, location, time on site, technology used to browse the site, referral pages, cookie data, and links clicked. 

We also collect any information you provide when populating your public-facing user profile or when participating on specific pages of our site. If you input any or all of the following information, the provided data will be included in our database along with being publicly-accessible to other users:

  * Your profile picture
  * Name
  * Job title
  * Company name
  * Company website
  * Personal website
  * Location
  * Comments on Articles, Workshops, and Critiques
  * Reviews on Store Products
  * Images submitted to Critique/Assignments and Awards



If there is any of the aforementioned information you do not to be made visible to other users of the site, please do not upload your information to your profile or any of the specified pages above. Please note that our Critique section has a no follow/no index appended to the page, therefore omitting all photos and comments in the Critique section from being found by search engines. This, however, does not mean that the information uploaded and submitted to Critique are exempt from being found via a typical browsing experience of our site.

**Cookie Technology & Policy**

SLR Lounge uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

As you browse SLR Lounge, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with SLR Lounge. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll and their partners’ targeted advertising: https://www.adroll.com/about/privacy. In addition, you can opt out of other advertisements here. We hate adding this as much as you probably hate reading this but it’s legal jargon we have to add.

**Social Sharing**

If you are creating your account or logging in via a third party Authentication Service (ex. Facebook Connect), you are granting us permission to view the information you have provided on Any information we collect, we may analyze and use to improve on your experience of our site, such as making site improvements based on your interactions with our pages, tailoring content to those pages with the most engagement, and suggesting products based on your interest in specific pages or products. We may also share our collective data with our trusted partners and affiliates. 

As with most other companies, we may send you emails regarding updates about our site and services along with other site-related content if you have provided us with your email address via an account sign-up or an email opt-in form. Should you wish to not receive these emails, you may unsubscribe from these emails but clicking the “Unsubscribe” option in each of our emails and your information will be automatically removed from our lists.

Should we ever share your information with third-party applications (ex. Facebook, Ontraport, these applications. Should you wish to modify the information you share with us from these outside platforms, please refer to the application in question and adjust your privacy settings as you see fit.   

### **How We May Use the Information We Collect**

Any information we collect, we may analyze and use to improve on your experience of our site, such as making site improvements based on your interactions with our pages, tailoring content to those pages with the most engagement, and suggesting products based on your interest in specific pages or products. We may also share our collective data with our trusted partners and affiliates. 

As with most other companies, we may send you emails regarding updates about our site and services along with other site-related content if you have provided us with your email address via an account sign-up or an email opt-in form. Should you wish to not receive these emails, you may unsubscribe from these emails but clicking the “Unsubscribe” option in each of our emails and your information will be automatically removed from our lists.

Should we ever share your information with third-party applications (ex. Facebook, Ontraport, etc.) or our trusted partners, our main objective for doing so will always be in an effort to drive your attention to content or services that may be of interest to you or enhancing your overall experience with our site and services.

In an instance where law enforcement is involved and a formal request by law enforcement officials or judicial authorities is made, we may disclose your information in order to be in compliance with the law.

User feedback that has been shared with us is on a volunteer basis. All comments, reviews, and suggestions shared with us on our site, associated platforms (ex. Facebook group, Google Surveys), or directly to a member of staff via email, comments on site, or social media interactions will be property of SLR Lounge and therefore free for us to use as we see fit. 

### **Updates to the Privacy Policy**

Privacy Policy updates can be made at any time with changes being effective immediately unless stated otherwise. Any further use of our SLR Lounge site and services after updates have been made shows that you have acknowledged and agreed to the modified policy. Please be sure to read through the Privacy Policy

## **GDPR Compliance**

With the implementation of the EU’s GDPR (General Data Protection Regulations), SLR Lounge fully supports the legislation being made in order to further ensure a safe and secure internet. We promise that any personally-identifiable information from our users will not be collected and stored if not relevant to their experience on our site. In all cases, we do not look to collect and store any unnecessary information from our users. Thus, any and all irrelevant and obsolete data will be deleted.

As per GDPR guidelines, all users’ have “a right to be forgotten” and we will respect just that. Should a user request to have their information delivered to themselves or a third party, have their personal data deleted, or that we completely stop processing their data, we will happily comply with their requests.

Here is how we are ensuring SLR Lounge is becoming GDPR compliant:

### **Data Auditing**

We are in the process of examining the data we are currently collecting on the site and ensuring that its purpose is necessary and relevant. Should we find any personal information is being collected that does not prove necessary, we will be removing the data and the process in which we collected it.

### **Cookies**

We state in our Privacy Policy that we do not collect any personal information via our website cookies but we would like to make it appear to our users’ that we do employ the use of cookies throughout our site.

### **  
****Personal Information Requests**

**Deletion of Personal Data**

All users have the right to request that their personal data be deleted at any time. 

To request to delete your data, please email us at [help@slrlounge.com](mailto:help@slrlounge.com). 

**Attaining a Copy of Personal Data**

All users have the right to request a copy of their personal data at any time.

To request a copy of your data, please email us at [help@slrlounge.com](mailto:help@slrlounge.com). 

### **Modification of Personal Information**

All users can easily access and update their information in their Account Settings (link to Account Settings). If a user requires further assistance making any personal information modifications, please email us at [help@slrlounge.com](mailto:help@slrlounge.com).

### **Data Protection**

We are committed to the protection of all personal data that we collect. All transactions are protected with SSL 256-bit encryption and we will not share your information with other entities, other than your credit card company when your order is placed. Credit card numbers will not be kept on file for future use. The aforementioned data auditing will also be a part of our process to ensure personally-identifiable information is kept to only the information that is absolutely necessary.

### **Sub-processors**

The GDPR states that users are to be made aware of the sub-processors we use at SLR Lounge. Sub-processors are any third party that we share users’ personal data with.

  * AWS
  * Baremetrics
  * Bugsnag
  * Campaign Monitor
  * EasyDigitalDownloads
  * Gravatar
  * Gleam.io
  * Google
  * Hotjar
  * Leadpages
  * [Mailchimp](http://eepurl.com/yWSAP)
  * Ontraport
  * OptinMonster
  * Paypal
  * Pusher
  * Stripe
  * Uservoice


