> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the degreetrip.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170222170624id_/http%3A//www.degreetrip.com//privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Best Online Degree Programs | Online Career Area - Degree Trip

Effective Date: 5/1/2013

DegreeTrip.com Web Privacy Statement

DegreeTrip is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit our Websites, so we want you to know what information we collect when you visit one of our sites, how we use that information, and how you can update it. We reserve the right to append or otherwise modify this Privacy Statement at any time, so please re-visit this page occasionally to check for updates. Information We Collect We collect various types of information from our visitors so we can adjust our site to meet our users' needs and expectations. Some of this information is collected automatically through cookies and other information is collected when you register for any of our online services or when you request information from one of our partners.

Information Collected Automatically The types of information your browser or Internet session automatically sends us each time you visit one of our sites, which we automatically collect, includes: 1. Your browser, e.g., Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator. 2. Your Internet domain, e.g., AOL, Netcom, Earthlink, etc. 3. You computer's operating system, e.g., Windows, Macintosh, UNIX, Linux. 4. Your navigation path, i.e., the URLs of where you come to our site from, which of our pages you visit, and where you go as you leave. 5. Your IP address. This information lets us see how users are finding our sites, and it tells us which pages are visited the most often so we can make our Websites more useful.

Information You Provide to Us In addition to the information automatically collected by your browser, we also collect information that you provide to us when you request information about a particular school or educational program.Our websites provide users the opportunity to request information from schools, and to learn about various education opportunities. These information request sites require users to provide us with contact information (name, address, phone number, email address, gender, age, work experience, etc.) as well as information about their interest in one of our educational partners (universities, colleges, test prep companies, etc.) We collect this information that you provide, and may use it to make your future requests from our websites easier by pre-populating contact forms with the information that you have provided. We provide this contact information that you provide to the educational partner that you requested information from. Customer interest information is collected to determine what information the customer wishes to be sent. OFFLINE data can be merged with online data. How We Use This Information We use the information we automatically collect to help us better plan our Website to meet your Internet needs. Information you provide to us is used for marketing purposes, and may result in follow-up communications. DegreeTrip may share personally identifiable information with third party businesses for the purpose of direct marketing, specifically email marketing. All third parties are bound by the CAN SPAM Act (s.877) of 2003, and are required to be in full compliance of all consumer opt-out rules and regulations. Your Rights Our Obligations The company respects the privacy of users visiting our sites and will abide by all applicable laws concerning the release of personal information. On an occasion we may use certain directory information that we have collected to send you information about products and services, or updates and other information we think may be of interest to you. We may share this information with our educational partners to bring similar information to your attention. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes. Please contact us to request your name and address be removed from our lists. If you do not want to receive our e-mail marketing, please submit a request to have your e-mail address removed by using the form below.Other than directory information, data you provide to us as you use the Website will be held in strict confidence by the company and will be used for company purposes only.

Our Security Measures

Our Websites have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.

Why We Use "Cookies"

When you visit some of our sites, we use cookies to keep track of your information. This small piece of program code resides on your computer and stores your contact information for all of our request information sites. We do this so you are not required to re-enter your contact information as you move from one site to another.

Links From Our Site To Other Sites

Some of our sites may contain links to other sites external to our sites. When you access these external Websites, the providers of the sites will have access to certain information about you. DegreeTrip is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any Websites which we do not directly control.
