> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tubemogul.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160313133835id_/https%3A//www.tubemogul.com/compliance/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - TubeMogul

**Last updated on December 23, 2015**

TubeMogul provides a platform that is designed to help advertisers place advertisements into videos and other content that you access while online or using mobile applications (apps). Our advertising platform integrates real-time media buying, ad serving, targeting, optimization and measurement to help our clients simplify the delivery and maximize the impact of their advertisements. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at [legal@tubemogul.com](mailto:legal@tubemogul.com). 

TubeMogul participates in the following industry self-regulatory organizations and complies with these organizations’ self-regulatory principles: Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (eDAA) and the Canadian Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (DAAC). 

### Ad Targeting and Opt-out

TubeMogul’s advertising platform is designed to value and place bids on individual ad impressions across major inventory suppliers, exchanges, digital publisher sites. We provide ad delivery and reporting for our clients, and we enable our clients to use data segments based on their own proprietary non-personally identifiable information (“Non-PII”) regarding you and other web users, as well as Non-PII data segments supplied by third-party data companies, to help ensure that the ads delivered to you via our platform our relevant to your interests. We describe this process in more detail below under the section entitled “Information Collected and Used by the TubeMogul advertising platform.” If you prefer not to receive targeted ads in your web browser via our platform as described above you can opt out by clicking the link below: 

[](http://www.tubemogul.com/public/set_opt_out_cookie)

You may also opt out of receiving targeted ads on devices such as iPhones, iPads, or phones and tablets using the Android operating system, by using platform level controls enabled through your device settings. You should consult your device settings and instructions provided by your device manufacturer, however we provide the following information solely for informational purposes. 

If you have an Apple device, you can opt out of targeted advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher, and setting “Limit Ad Tracking” to “ON”. You can do this by clicking on Settings -> General -> About -> Advertising and toggling “Limit Ad Tracking” to “ON”. Again, you should consult Apple’s support web pages and instructions for the most current applicable settings. 

If you have an Android device and would like to opt out of our behaviorally targeted advertising services, you may open the Settings app on your device, then select “Accounts” and locate and select the “Google” listing, then select “Ads” and check the box “Opt out of interest-based ads”. Again, however, please consult Google’s settings and instructions for the most current settings information. 

Note that opting out will not prevent you from seeing ads – it will only make ads being served by TubeMogul’s advertising platform less relevant to your interests. Also, if you opt out and later delete your cookies, use a different browser or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. Additionally, you may [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) to access the opt out page maintained by the NAI, you may [click here](http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices) to access the opt out page maintained by the eDAA, and you may [click here](http://www.youradchoices.ca/choices) to access the opt out page maintained by the DAAC, each of which provides additional information and a mechanism to opt out of interest based advertising from some or all member companies of each organization. 

### Information Collected and Used by the TubeMogul Advertising Platform

TubeMogul’s advertising platform collects Non-PII. Non-PII is information that cannot by itself be used to identify a particular person. When you view an ad served by our advertising platform, we collects Non-PII about the internet connected device that you are using, the websites and mobile applications that you visit and use, and the ads that you see online and in mobile applications. The information collected includes your device and IP address used to access the internet, the browser or application used, the operating system or other relevant software on your device, mobile device advertising IDs such as Apple IDFA and Android Advertising ID, the date and time of your visit to a website or mobile application where our platform is delivering ads, whether you have responded to one of our clients’ ads, the referring URL or mobile application name or alphanumeric ID. We also enable our clients to use Non-PII data segments consisting of cookies and/or mobile device advertising IDs based on standard demographic categories (age and gender) generated by our platform as well as Non-PII data segments based on interests or web usage activity purchased from third-party data companies through our platform. These third party Non-PII data segments are based on data collected by the third party data companies that are our business partners pursuant to their own privacy policies. 

Our advertising platform uses this Non-PII data to help make the online ads you see more relevant to you. In some cases, we may work with clients and third party business parties to optimize ads and make them more relevant to your interests by sharing portions of the Non-PII data described above (generally cookie based unique anonymous IDs) with other advertising platforms such as exchanges, sell side platforms, data management platforms, websites, and our clients, to enable the synchronization of data we have collected with data held by such parties to increase the size of the audience of users to whom we can show relevant ads on behalf of our clients. Our advertising platform also uses the collected Non-PII data for ad delivery and reporting purposes, such as campaign measurement, conversion tracking, geographic targeting, providing specific advertisements at specific times of the day, analyzing and reporting advertisement performance, determining and limiting the frequency with which a user is shown a specific advertisement, and fraud prevention. When TubeMogul’s advertising platform displays an advertisement in a browser or application without a unique identifier associated, because an opt out cookie is set, or the application has not passed the mobile device advertising ID, or for any other reason, the platform generates a hash of the user’s IP address and user agent string, which is an approximation of a unique identifier and which the platform uses solely for ad delivery and reporting purposes, in particular for campaign measurement (i.e., counting the number of unique users that are shown a specific advertisement). 

We don’t place personally identifiable information such as your name, email address or telephone number (“PII”) onto our advertising platform and we don’t allow our clients to do so. Similarly, we don’t place data segments that we consider to be sensitive onto the platform and don’t allow our clients to do so. Data that we consider to be “sensitive” includes social security numbers or other government-issued identifiers, insurance plan numbers, financial account numbers, precise information about past, present, or potential future health or medical conditions or treatments, including genetic, genomic, and family medical history, and sexual orientation. And while flash is sometimes used to enable the delivery of content and ads, our platform does not use flash cookies or HTML5 persistent storage for any reason. 

We and our clients sometimes use health related targeting data segments provided by third party data companies, however these segments do not contain sensitive data (as described above). The non-sensitive health related data segments that can be used on our platform are in the following categories: (1) occupation in a health related field, (2) health related topics and conditions (but not specific conditions), (3) health insurance, (4) diet, fitness, weight-loss and healthy lifestyles, (5) consumer goods and services for personal healthcare, vision care, grooming and beauty, (5) over the counter medicines, remedies and dietary supplements, and (6) health related charities. [Click here](https://web.archive.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/TubeMogul_Health_Segments_Jul_29_2015.pdf) for a list of health related segments supplied by third party data companies that we and our clients may use to target ads using our platform. 

### Cookies

TubeMogul uses cookies (small text files placed in and maintained by your web browser, which may be session specific or persistent) in connection with both our advertising platform and our website. TubeMogul’s advertising platform uses cookies to establish a unique ID for a given user of an internet browser and to match such users with Non-PII data supplied by our business partners, to cap the frequency with which such users are shown particular ads, and for measuring the effectiveness of ads that we serve to users viewing web pages in an internet browser. Our advertising platform also uses cookies to identify users that have opted out of tracking for advertising purposes using our opt out link or that of one of the industry self-regulatory organizations included above. Cookie data helps us to report on the effectiveness of advertising campaigns for our clients and to optimize campaigns as they run to improve viewing time, brand awareness and other relevant metrics. Our advertising platform also uses web beacons to help use utilize data from our third party business partners in order to make the ads we deliver more relevant. We use cookies on www.tubemogul.com to help administer our website, for example to track browsing sessions and to facilitate logins. 

For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org. If you delete or clear cookies from your internet browser, this will delete cookies that have been set by websites and technologies such as our advertising platform to identify and respect your “opted out” status. Additionally, clearing cookies from your internet browser does not send any information to TubeMogul regarding your cookie preferences, and the next time TubeMogul has the opportunity to place cookies in your browser, we will do so, even if you had opted out of cookie based ad targeting before you cleared your browser cookies. If desired, you must renew your opted out status by clicking our opt out link again or by visiting the opt out page maintained by the appropriate industry self-regulatory group from those identified above. 

### Data Collection and Use on TubeMogul.com

TubeMogul.com is primarily directed to video advertisers, website publishers and other clients and business partners. We typically collect PII via TubeMogul.com when it is provided to us, and generally use it for the purpose in which it was provided to us. For example, if a video advertiser sends an email or fills out a request form asking for more information about our products and services, we typically respond with a call and/or email providing that additional information. 

We enable our clients with a user ID and password so they may view their accounts via TubeMogul. Please don’t give out or share your account password. If you forget your password go to the following webpage to be emailed a password reminder, [click here](https://www.tubemogul.com/forgot_password). In the event that you suspect that your account password has been or will be misused, please immediately inform TubeMogul. In no event shall TubeMogul be responsible for any misuse(s) of use accounts or passwords. 

### Platform Data Retention and Storage

We retain the Non-PII collected via our advertising platform for as long as necessary for reasonable and legitimate business purposes including fraud prevention, audit and legal compliance obligations, and billing disputes. When we store Non-PII in cookies to help target ads on behalf of clients, we set those cookies to expire 12 months from the date and time our services recognized our cookie on your computer. All data is encrypted and stored on our servers in the United States. 

### Information Relating to Children

TubeMogul’s products and services are designed for those 13 years of age and older. TubeMogul does not knowingly collect PII from anyone under the age of 13. If the company is made aware that it has received PII from someone under 13, it will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from its records. Our advertiser clients may in some cases use our advertising platform to advertise on websites with user audiences that are likely to include significant numbers of children under 13. In these instances we undertake reasonable measures to restrict the Non-PII data collection that our advertising platform would otherwise enable, to avoid tracking the users of these websites. 

### Security

We take reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include firewalls, internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure; therefore, while the company strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, it cannot guarantee absolute security. If you have any questions about these security practices, please email [legal@tubemogul.com](mailto:legal@tubemogul.com). 

### Disclosure of Information to Third Parties

TubeMogul may share Non-PII collected on TubeMogul.com or via our advertising platform with unaffiliated third parties for our business purposes. We may also share user level Non-PII and aggregate Non-PII collected via our advertising platform with unaffiliated third parties for our business purposes, including but not limited to enabling our business partners to help us target ads via the advertising platform. This information cannot be used to contact or identify any person individually. TubeMogul may also disclose your information to third parties when obligated to do so by law and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. 

Finally, TubeMogul may transfer any information we possess, including any PII collected via TubeMogul.com, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change. If TubeMogul is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your PII, as well as any choices you may have regarding your PII. 

### Your Consent

By using this site, you signify your assent to the TubeMogul Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to make changes in this policy at any time. Please check this policy frequently to ensure you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices. Our Privacy Policy will indicate the date it was last updated. Your continued use of our site will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Privacy Policy. 

### Changes to this Privacy Policy

This privacy policy is subject to change. If the company plans to make any material changes in the way it uses the PII collected via TubeMogul.com, it will post a clear and conspicuous notice on TubeMogul.com and/or on this privacy policy prior to the changes being made. 

### Contact Us

Please contact us to report violations or if you have any questions regarding our Privacy & Security policy. You can reach us at [legal@tubemogul.com](mailto:legal@tubemogul.com). 
