> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 337.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630044123id_/http%3A//web.337.com/en/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - 337

337 is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of its online users ("users" or “user”). This Online Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") has been crafted to inform users as to the ways 337 collects, stores, uses, and manages the information users provide during the use of any 337 game or application ("Service"). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is only applicable to information collected from 337 through the use of the Service.

By using the Service, users are agreeing to the collection and use of their personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. 337 may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and 337 encourages =users to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.

## Information Collected and Used

337's primary objective in collecting users’ information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Service.

When users install any of the 337 games or applications, 337 may collect and record the information users provide voluntarily through the site where the games users install are released.

The types of personal information collected in accordance with the activities listed above may vary depending on the activities. This "personal information" is defined as information about users that can be used to contact or identify users. Personal information may include: (1) First name, last name, (2) Information about the users’ profile, including without limitation the users’ first, last and user names, and social networking site profile ID and icon, (3) email address, (4) phone number, and/or (5) credit or debit card information, or other payment details, depending on users’ form of payment. Additionally, 337 may acquire information from users through (1) users’ access and participation in message boards on the Service, (2) users’ email to our customer support, and (3) users’ purchase of a virtual product of any type. Please note that because a third party site manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Service, 337 does not have access to users’ payment details and billing information.

337 may also invite users to share non-personal information about themselves which may include but is not limited to: (1) users’ age or date of birth; (2) users’ gender; (3) information about the hardware users may own; (4) users’ favorite websites, friend information and fan pages; and (5) users’ game play information such as their highest scores or game session duration (collectively referred to as " **non-personal information** "). If non-personal information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, 337 may combine the users’ non-personal information with their personal information in an attempt to provide the users with a better user experience, to improve the quality and value of the Services and to analyze how our Service is used.

In addition to information collected as described above, users may choose to share additional information about themselves throughout the Service, such as in games or on message boards. Any actions users perform with other players are considered public, and are at users’ sole discretion. Any information users provide to 337, and any information users choose to share about themselves as part of the use of any service, will be stored as entered.

Finally, any time users access the Service, 337 may collect aggregate information including but not limited to internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity. 337 uses this information to better tailor the Service to users’ interests, to provide users more efficient customer support, and to overall enhance the Service.

In all cases of data access and collection, the information users provide will not be disclosed, rented, leased, loaned, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties except to provide products or services users have requested, when 337 has users’ permission, or under the following circumstances:

## Other Disclosure of Users’ Personal Information

Users understand and agree that 337 may be required to disclose any personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including but not limited to a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, or to protect our rights and property, or that of the public. Note that 337 is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that 337 may receive.

337 provides the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with 337 under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use users’ personal information to help 337 communicate with users about offers from 337 and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.

337 has a parent's permission to share the information if user is a child under age 13. Parents have the option of allowing 337 to collect and use their child's information without consenting to 337 sharing of this information with people and companies who may use this information for their own purposes.

337 believes it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of 337's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.

Additionally, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, customer information may be transferred to 337's successor or assignee, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.

## **Cookies**

A cookie is a small data file that 337 transfers to users’ computer’s hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user's computer and to "remember" things about the user's visit, such as the user’s preferences or a user’s name and password. The Service sends cookies to users’ computers when users access or view content of an 337 game. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to users’ personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our service, tailoring recommendations to users’ interests, and making the Service easier to use. Users can disable cookies at any time, although users may not be able to access or use features of the Service.

## **Links**

The Service may contain links to other websites. The fact that the Service links to a website or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that 337 endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of our affiliation with that third party. 337 is in no way responsible for the privacy policies of these other websites to which users choose to access from the Service. Please be sure to read the privacy policies of those websites when exiting the Service.

## **Changing or Deleting Users’ Information**

Users may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information in users’ profile page. If users completely delete all this information, users’ account may become deactivated. If users would like 337 to delete their records in 337’s system, please contact 337 and 337 will attempt to accommodate users’ request if 337 is not legally obligated to retain the record.

## **Security**

337 has put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure users’ personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, 337 cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use users’ personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so 337 discourages users from sending 337 personal information through these mediums.

## **Policy Regarding Children**

The Service is not geared toward children under the age of 13 and 337 does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If users are under 13, they may use and access 337’s game only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to 337, he or she can contact us through e-mail listed below. If 337 learns that a child under 13 has provided 337 with personal information 337 will delete such information from its files as quickly as possible. 337 recognizes the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourages parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly.

## **Contacting Us**

If users have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact 337 at contact@337.com.
