> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the focusa2z.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-03-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110309001641id_/http%3A//www.focusa2z.com/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to FocusA2Z.com

As a condition to using the Service, you agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy Privacy Policy as it may be updated from time to time. Focusa2z understands that privacy is important to you. You do, however, agree that Focusa2z may monitor, edit or disclose your personal information, including the content of your emails, if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request (such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order), or as otherwise provided in these Terms of Use and the Focusa2z Privacy Policy. Personal information collected by Focusa2z may be stored and processed in the United States. By using Focusa2z, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. 

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

Focusa2z.com has implemented security measures to protect member information from loss, misuse and alteration. Each of our employees is aware of our security policies, and your information is only available to those employees who need it to perform their jobs. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of member account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time. Except as otherwise stated in this privacy statement, Focusa2z.com will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary:

  


  1. to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by Focusa2z.com, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; 
  2. to enforce the Focusa2z.com Terms of Use Agreement or to protect our rights; or 
  3. to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service. Focusa2z.com reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of Focusa2z.com or substantially all of its assets to that successor. 



Focusa2z displays online ads through Third party vendors, including Google, which uses cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to Focusa2z.com. Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. This is short term privacy policy it may change any time with out any prior notice. 

* All rights reserved by Focus (A-Z) Entertainment Private Limited. 
