> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zenkit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170622024934id_/https%3A//www.zenkit.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Zenkit | A beautiful way to organize

_Last Updated on September 24, 2015_

Axonic Informationssysteme GmbH (“Axonic”) is the producer and owner of Zenkit (collectively referred to here as the/our "software" or the/our "services"), which is a web and mobile productivity solution that helps teams and individuals to organize and communicate their projects.   
We take the private nature of your personal information very seriously, and are committed to protecting it. To do that, we've set up procedures to ensure that your information is handled responsibly and in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. We're grateful for your trust, and we'll act that way.   
This privacy policy describes what information we collect when you visit our services, how we use that information, and what choices we offer you to access, update, and control it. We only ask you for personal information when we truly need it. We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.   
We do our best to help you control how your keep your content private, how you can share it with others, and how you can delete it.   
From time to time, Zenkit may introduce new products and services. To the extent that these new products and services affect this policy, this policy will be updated. Please see “Privacy policy changes” for details on how we notify users of updates to our privacy policy.   
If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact us at privacy@zenkit.com. 

###  1\. Why does Zenkit need my information? 

Zenkit products are web and mobile device based; because of this they may require the use of first and last names, billing contact information, a password and a valid email address as a login. Therefore, at a minimum, we may require such necessary information in order to establish your account with us. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.   
Like most website operators, Zenkit collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Zenkit’s purpose in collecting this information is to better understand how visitors use Zenkit. Zenkit may collect potentially personally-identifying information like IP addresses for users who create, edit or contribute to content on the website. 

###  2\. Information gathered/tracked by Zenkit 

**PERSONAL INFORMATION:** Information gathered at www.zenkit.com is done so on a voluntary basis. We collect personal information from users including (at a minimum) first and last names, an email address to be used as a login, and a password as well as comments on blog postings and job and press inquiries. When a user registers online for our service, Zenkit will take steps to verify the email address supplied to us to ensure it is accurate. All paid services require Zenkit to collect billing contact information and a credit card number which will also be verified to ensure it is accurate. Your email address may be used to send you periodic product newsletters, offers and usage tips from Zenkit. We use the collected information to deliver services, process payments, update our records, communicate with you about products and services, and generally maintain your accounts with us. Because of our commitment to present the best possible product to all our users, we track all information pertaining to user satisfaction. To ensure the quality of our product, we reserve the right to maintain evaluation and feedback records.   
You are advised that you may obtain some services of the provider, for example a newsletter, without providing personal information. In this case only an email address is needed. Furthermore, you can give an anonymous email address, from a free email service, so that your email address appears as a pseudonym instead of as a first and last name. Pursuant to Sections 34 and its following articles, and Article 6b of the German Federal Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz, BDSG), the user can always view the personal data saved under their name or pseudonym free of charge. For this, the user only needs to make a written request to the provider.   
In order to determine the extent to which the website is of interest and can be improved, general, non-personally identifiable, and statistical data on the use of the services offered are collected and kept. In order to achieve this, surveys are conducted and data and information from server log files are summarized on a holistic basis and used for statistics and analysis. 

**BUSINESS INFORMATION:** Information that is collected by our services is considered confidential Business Information. Business Information includes app data, task data, messages, files, and any other business information you provided when using the Zenkit services. We will collect and use Business Information only as necessary to appropriately support the service, for the purpose of anticipating, diagnosing, supporting or resolving any problems that might limit or disrupt the quality of our customers’ service experience or as required by law. We do not build or give access to administrative tools that would allow Zenkit employees to view business information. You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit to your Zenkit profile can be read, collected or used by others who share the same workspace(s) as you.   
When you download and use our services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and information necessary to configure the application for your device and preferences. We collect geolocation data only if a user elects to provide it in conjunction with an activity such as creating a new table. You may opt-in to receive push notifications in order to alert you to messages, comments, tasks, items in which you are mentioned or referenced, subscribed events, workspace changes, or reminders you have set. You can change your notifications at any time in the app settings. 

**SECURITY INFORMATION:** Zenkit also collects certain standard information about your computer for security and identification purposes. This information may include: IP addresses, domain names, access times, cookies and other unique identifying information of machines that have our software downloaded and installed on them. This information is used for the operation of the service, to identify and protect our customers and to control unauthorized use or abuse of our services. All information is encrypted during transmission and is stored securely within our servers. 

**WEB ANALYTICS:** We continuously improve our site and utilize different analytic tools to help us do so, such as cookies. We are interested in how visitors use our products, what they like and dislike, and where they have problems. 

**GOOGLE ANALYTICS:** We use Google Analytics as described in [How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). You can prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics on websites by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on [here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). We also employ IP address masking, a technique used to truncate IP addresses collected by Google Analytics and store them in an abbreviated form to prevent them from being traced back to individual users. Portions of our website may also use Google Analytics for Display Advertisers including DoubleClick or Dynamic Remarketing which provide interest-based ads based on your visit to this or other websites. You can use [Ads Settings](http://www.google.com/settings/ads) to manage the Google ads you see and opt-out of interest-based ads. 

**STAT COUNTER:** We use StatCounter.com to track activity on our websites. These stats help us to understand how people are interacting with our websites and to improve the design and functionality of our sites so that we can offer a better online experience to visitors and customers. If you visit Zenkit websites, a 3rd party StatCounter analytics cookie will be placed in your browser. This cookie is used only to determine whether you are a first-time or returning visitor and to estimate unique visits to the site. No personal information is stored in the cookie. To opt out of this cookie, please [visit the StatCounter website](http://statcounter.com/about/set-refusal-cookie/). 

**COOKIES:** A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them. We use cookies to track user traffic patterns and hold certain registration information. When you register at Zenkit sites, we use cookies to store unique, randomly assigned user IDs that we generate for administrative purposes. These cookies enable you to enter the Zenkit sites without having to log on each time. We do not store passwords or any personal information about you in the cookies. We may also use cookies in partnership with selected marketing companies to help us track the effectiveness of our websites, generate visitor traffic, or as part of a referral program.   
We have no control over the use of third party tracking technologies after they are placed on our site. The Help section on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. You can still review the site if you choose to set your browser to refuse all cookies; however, you must enable cookies in order to establish an account and to download and install any of the software.   
We use wordpress.org software to run the blog on Zenkit. If you comment on our blog, cookies will be set. This is for your convenience so that you will not have to re-type all your information for future comments. 

**SOCIAL MEDIA:** Our site includes social media features, such as Google+ Sign-In, the Facebook Like button and Facebook Connect and Twitter. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These services will also authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this site to your profile page to share with others within your network. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them. 

**TESTIMONIALS:** With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at: [testimonials@zenkit.com](mailto:testimonials@zenkit.com)

###  3\. Information shared by Zenkit 

Zenkit discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Zenkit’s behalf or to provide services available at Zenkit’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Zenkit’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Zenkit will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described, Zenkit discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Zenkit believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Zenkit, third parties or the public at large.   
If you are a registered user of a Zenkit website and have supplied your email address, Zenkit may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Zenkit and our products. We primarily use our various product notes to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Zenkit takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. Zenkit is entitled to “extended use of data”, following voluntary, explanatory, and logged consent from you, to collect personal data, profile data, and demographic data; process (eg. modify, save for further processing, or to combine with other records and archives) this data; and use it for: 

  * the inclusion in a directory, the sending of information about the online services of the provider,
  * the sending of information about the online services of the provider,
  * the personalization and the optimal alignment of the services of the provider to the interests and preferences of the user,
  * the advertising or market research for the online services of the provider.



Zenkit is not bound by consent of the user to delete the user data immediately after the end of the current use, but is entitled to retain it. Furthermore, the provider retains consent from the user to share his or her personal data to partners for the purpose of advertising, market research, information on products and services, the delivery of services, to enter into contracts for goods and services, and to match the interests of the user to other information through a newsletter. The consent is performed given checking the box in the appropriate field. This consent will be logged; your content is always available to you. 

**BUSINESS TRANSFERS:** If Zenkit, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Zenkit goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Zenkit may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy. 

###  4\. Personal Information 

If you wish to change, review or delete your personal information, go to your “Profile” page. There you can access or update the personal information and account history we have on file. You can also change your email subscription status to receive our newsletter, and our email marketing communications including promotions we send. Please contact us at [support@zenkit.com](mailto:support@zenkit.com) if you need assistance in updating or reviewing your information. 

###  5\. Opting out of Zenkit’s collection, use and distribution of my information 

To change your email subscription status to receive or to stop receiving marketing communications or third-party promotions administered by Zenkit, please go to the notification center to change your preferences. You can opt out of promotional emails at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link located in the emails, but you will still receive communications such as receipts, confirmation emails and customer service updates that are considered necessary to provide the Service to you.   
You can also update your mobile notice status by making your selections within the Settings section of the App.   
You may revoke consent at any time. For this purpose, the use agreement on the expanded use of personal data may be terminated and the data will be deleted in total. When, by acceptance of this agreement, your data has been passed on to partners, they will be notified immediately and asked for deletion. It is also possible to maintain the user agreement and revoke only consent to further exploitation of the data in the future. If the data in the context of centralized data processing are processed by external service providers, the suppliers will also take appropriate steps to ensure that the privacy rights of the users will be taken fully into account.   
All permissions and consents under this provision shall not extend to telephone information, offers, and advertising. 

###  6\. Protection of information from loss, misuse or alteration 

Zenkit uses industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of personally identifiable information, including encryption, firewalls and SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Zenkit is not liable for loss of passwords due to user carelessness. If you lose control over your password, you may lose control over your personally identifiable information. If you believe your password has been compromised, we recommend that you immediately change your password. 

###  7\. Data retention 

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.   
If you request the deletion of your information from your profile page on our site, there is a three month grace period after which is it deleted from the Zenkit service. Data which is marked as deleted cannot be viewed via the official Zenkit clients. If you need to access deleted data within the 3 month grace period, please contact [support@zenkit.com](mailto:support@zenkit.com) to request data retrieval. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.   
You may also access deleted data via the Zenkit API within the grace period in case you need to recover data that was accidentally deleted. 

###  8\. Privacy policy changes 

Although most changes are likely to be minor, Zenkit may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Zenkit’s sole discretion. Zenkit encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Zenkit account, you should also check your notification center for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. 

###  9\. Copyright 

The contents and works on these pages created by the providers are subject to German copyright law. The reproduction, adaptation, distribution and any kind of exploitation outside the limits of copyright require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of these pages are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. If the content is not created by the website operator, the property rights of third parties shall be upheld. In particular, contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, we ask that you notify us. Upon notification of violations, we will remove such content immediately. 

### 10\. Contact information

For additional inquiries about the privacy of your information, you can contact our Customer Support team via email at [privacy@zenkit.com](mailto:privacy@zenkit.com), by calling +49 (721) 3528375 or by writing to us via regular mail at: 

Axonic Informationssysteme GmbH  
Attn: Zenkit  
Kaiserstraße 241  
76133 Karlsruhe, Germany 
