> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zennioptical.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191214045845id_/https%3A//www.zennioptical.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Zenni Optical

## ZENNI OPTICAL PRIVACY POLICY

Zenni Optical, Inc. (“Company,” “us,” “we,” or “our”), is committed to respecting the privacy rights of our customers and visitors to our website located at [www.zennioptical.com ](https://www.zennioptical.com/)and the other websites that are owned or controlled by the Company on which this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the “Site”). We created this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to help give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. By accessing, visiting or using the Site, you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Please note that if you disagree with anything in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Site. This Privacy Policy is part of, and is governed by, the terms and conditions set forth in our Terms of Use located at [www.zennioptical.com/terms-of-use](https://www.zennioptical.com/terms-of-use).   


  1. Types of Information Collected Through the Site. We may modify these Terms of Use from time to time. We will notify you of material changes to these Terms of Use by posting the amended terms on the Site at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes. If you do not agree with the proposed changes, you should discontinue your use of the Service prior to the time the new Terms of Use take effect. If you continue using the Service after the new terms take effect, you will be bound by the modified Terms of Use. 
    1. Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us. If you are a visitor to the Site, we may collect information that you provide to us when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service , or when you complete online forms or surveys provided on the Site. You may also choose to provide your email address to us if you would like to receive additional information about the Site and the products and services that the Company offers. If you want to become a registered user of the Site, access certain premium services offered through the Site or make a purchase through the Site, you will be required to provide certain information. This information will include your first and last name, mailing address, and email address. In addition, if you purchase any products through the Site, you will be asked to provide your payment account or credit card information, your eye glass prescription data and certain measurements regarding your eyes, vision, vision health, and needs for eyeglasses, and you may also elect to provide photographs if you use the Zenni Frame Fit™ service. 
    2. Information Automatically Collected Through the Site. We may automatically collect information about you when you use the Site. For example, if you access the Site through a computer, we will automatically collect information such as your browser type and version, computer and connection information, IP address and standard web log information. If you access the Site through a mobile device, we may also be able to identify the location of your mobile device. You may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings. For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer. We may automatically collect information from you when you use the Site using “cookies” and other similar technologies, such as web beacons, to automatically collect information about you when you use the Site. Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored within your computer’s Internet browser and that are accessed and recorded by the websites that you visit so that they can recognize the same browser navigating online at a later time. Information that may be collected by cookies when you use the Site may include, without limitation: 
      * the pages you visit within the Site;
      * the date and time of your visit to the Site;
      * the amount of time you spend using the Site;
      * the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; and/or
      * your computer and connection information such as your browser type and version, operating system and platform. You can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. However, if you disable cookies you may not be able to log in to the Site or to use certain features of the Site. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit [www.allaboutcookies.org. ](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/)
  

    3. Information Collected by Third Parties through Third Party Links and Content. The Site may include links to other websites and other content from third party businesses. These third party businesses may use cookies, web beacons or other similar technology to collect information about you. The Company does not have access to or control over these third parties or the cookies, web beacons or other technology that these third parties may use. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties or the content on any third party website. You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the different websites you visit and of the advertisers whose ads you may choose to click while on our Site (see section 3 below for additional information about Online Advertising). 
    4. Information Collected by Third Party Analytics Services. We may work with third party analytics services to help us understand how the Site is being used, such as tracking the frequency and duration of use of the Site. We may use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to collect information about your use of the Site. Google and these analytics services may use cookies to collect information about the content you view, what websites you visit immediately prior to and after visiting the Site, and your system information and geographic information. The information generated by these cookies about your use of the Site will be transmitted to and stored by the applicable analytics services. The information collected by these analytics services allows us to analyze your use of the Site. 
    5. Information You Share on Third Party Websites or through Social Media Services. The Site may include links to third party websites and social media services where you will be able to post comments, stories, reviews or other information. Your use of these third party websites and social media services may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these third party websites and social media services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the third party websites and social media services with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those third party websites and social media services. 
    6. Information You Share with Third Party Review Services. You may also provide information directly to third parties through the Site if you elect to use the third party review service that we offer through the Site, Reseller Ratings by Answers. You are not required to use the Reseller Ratings by Answers service, but you may elect to do so by opting in and providing your email address. A copy of the Reseller Ratings by Answers privacy policy is located at [www.resellerratings.com/faqs#privacy. ](http://www.resellerratings.com/faqs#privacy)When you are asked by Reseller Ratings by Answers to share your thoughts about one of our products, your review may be posted on the Site as well as on sites that share reviews with the shopping community such as Google and others. 
    7. Information You Post on the Site. If you post information on public areas of the Site that information may be collected and used by the Company, other users of the Site, and the public generally. We strongly recommend that you do not post any information through the Site that allows strangers to identify or locate you or that you otherwise do not want to share with the public. 
    8. Information You Provide to Payment Processors. All payments made through the Site are processed by our third party providers. All information collected by these third party providers for purposes of processing your payments is not available to us, unless you have otherwise provided this information to us in connection with your use of the Site. 
    9. Information You Provide as Part of the “Refer a Friend” Program. You may provide us with the names and email addresses of your friends and contacts if you use our “Refer a Friend” program on the Site. We will only use the email address you provide for your friend or contact for the limited purpose of sending the applicable invitation, link or other communication to your friend or contact. 
    10. Information You Provide to Participate in Sweepstakes. From time to time, we may ask you to complete a survey and/or offer You the opportunity to participate in promotions and/or sweepstakes (collectively, “Promotions”) via the Site or through a third party platform. If you choose to participate in a Promotion, we will collect and store the information you provide in connection with your participation in the Promotion, including, but not limited to, your name, e-mail address, date of birth, and/or phone number. Such information shall be subject to this Privacy Policy unless otherwise stated in the official rules or guidelines of the Promotion or in another privacy policy governing the Promotion. Information we collect in connection with a Promotion will be used to administer the Promotion, such as by notifying winners and distributing prizes. As permitted by applicable law, your information may also be used by the Company or the Promotion sponsor for marketing purposes. Your entry into the Promotion may result in the addition of your information to our mailing list as well as to the mailing list of our promotional partners. Acceptance of a prize may require you (unless prohibited by law) to allow us to post publicly some of your information via the Site, such as on a winner's page. In some instances, a third-party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a Promotion on or through our Site, and collect your information. In those cases, where we are not the sponsor or operator of the Promotion, we have no control over the information collected and, before participating, you should review the official rules as well as the advertiser's or the sponsor's privacy policy applicable to the Promotion. All of our Promotions are intended for people who are the age of majority in their respective state, province or country unless otherwise expressly stated. 
  2. How We Use the Information We Collect. 
    1. Order Fulfillment and Customer Service. We use the information we gather through the Site to process orders you place through the Site or respond to requests or communications you send to us through the Site. We may also use the information we collect about you through the Site to help us better understand how the Site and our products and services are being used. By identifying patterns and trends in usage, we are able to better design the Site and our products and services to improve your experience. 
    2. Marketing Communications. If you have provided your email address to us, we may email you about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. If you wish to opt-out of receiving these emails from us, please follow the instructions contained in each email you receive from us which will allow you to opt-out of receiving further email marketing communications from us. 
    3. Sensitive Information. With regard to sensitive information you provide through the Site, such as information about your medical or health conditions, we will handle, process and share this information in accordance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
    4. Renewal Reminders. When placing on order for glasses through the Site, you will have the ability to opt-in to receive “Renewal Reminders” from us. If you opt-in to receive Renewal Reminders, we will use the email address you have provided to us to send you reminders that your prescription (Rx) may require renewal. You will have the ability to choose whether you would like us to send you these reminders on a six, twelve, eighteen, twenty-two, or twenty-four month basis. 
    5. Online Advertising. The Company and third party businesses may use the information collected through the Site using cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies to help manage online advertising programs. This information may enable us, as well as third-party advertising services and other third-party businesses to track the actions of users online over time and across different web sites or platforms to measure statistics relating to marketing efforts, and to deliver electronic advertisements that may be more relevant to individual consumers and that will improve the consumer experience. For information about how tracking works for online advertising purposes, and what happens when you elect a do-not-track option, visit [www.aboutads.info/choices. ](http://www.aboutads.info/choices)In addition, some third party businesses may provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology. For more information about the opt-out process, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative website, available at: [www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. ](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) Do Not Track: Your browser may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that “do not track” requests are sent to the websites that you visit. However, the Company will not disable tracking technology that may be active on the Site in response to any “do not track” requests that we receive from your browser. 
  3. How We Share Your Information with Third Parties. The Company shares your information with third parties in some circumstances as follows: 
    1. Third-Party Service Providers. We will disclose your information to our contractors, affiliates, distributors and suppliers (“Service Providers”) who provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders you place through the Site, processing payments, operating and supporting the Site, analyzing data, or performing marketing or consulting services. These Service Providers will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf. 
    2. Response to Subpoenas or Court Orders or to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies. We will disclose your information to government authorities or third parties if: (a) required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order; (b) we believe in our sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, to protect the property or other rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large; or (c) we believe that you have abused the Site by using it to attack other systems or to gain unauthorized access to any other system, to engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws. You should be aware that, following disclosure to any third party, your information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law. 
    3. Business Transfers; Bankruptcy. In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets, any user information owned or controlled by us may be one of the assets transferred to third parties. We reserve the right, as part of this type of transaction, to transfer or assign your information and other information we have collected from users of the Site to third parties. Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred user information will be subject to this Privacy Policy. However, any information you submit or that is collected after this type of transfer may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity. 
    4. Aggregate Information. We may share information relating to users of the Site with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties on an anonymous, aggregate basis. While this information will not identify you personally, in some instances these third parties may be able to combine this aggregate information with other data they have about you, or that they receive from third parties, in a manner that allows them to identify you personally. 
    5. Our Affiliates. We may share some or all of your information with our parent company, subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, joint venturers, or other companies under common control with us. If you opt-in to receive marketing communications from third parties, we may permit these entities to use your information for their own marketing purposes. If you would like us to stop providing your information to our affiliates for their own marketing purposes, you may opt-out by emailing us at privacy@zennioptical.com. 
    6. Third Party Marketing Partners. If you affirmatively opt-in to receive marketing communications from third parties, we may, from time to time, share the information you provide to us with selected third party marketing partners that we believe offer products or services that may be of interest to you. If you would like us to stop providing your information to our third party marketing partners, you may opt-out by emailing us at privacy@zennioptical.com. 
  4. Updating Your Information. If you have created a user account through the Site, you will have the ability to access, update and correct the information you have provided in connection with your account by logging into your account through the Site. 
  5. Children Under Age 16. The Site is not intended for children under age 16. We do not knowingly collect or distribute personal information that we collect directly from children under the age of 16. We may collect prescription information for children under the age of 16, and other information as necessary to effect payment for, and delivery of a Zenni product, if a parent or guardian of a child places an order for a child’s glasses through the Site. We will use this prescription information and the related payment and delivery information collected in the course of fulfilling that order only for fulfilling the applicable order, and only within the limits permitted by applicable law. We will treat this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, except that Section 2B (“Marketing Communications”), 2D (“Renewal Reminders”), 4D (“Aggregate Information”), 4E (“Our Affiliates”) and 4F (“Third Party Marketing Partners”) will not apply. 
  6. Security of Your Information. We implement security measures intended to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, the Company cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through the Site and you do so at your own risk. Still, the security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information on our site, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Please remember that you play a valuable part in security as well. Your password to access our Site, which you select at registration, should never be shared with anyone and should be changed frequently. After you have finished using our Site, you should log off and exit your browser so no unauthorized persons can use our Site with your name and account information. 
  7. Deletion of Your Account. Should you require any assistance or encounter any difficulty in deleting or de-activating your account, you may contact us via email at unsubscribe@zennioptical.com, and we will make commercially reasonable efforts to respond to your request within 48 hours. Please be aware that even after your Account is terminated or deleted some or all of your information may still remain visible to others, including but not limited to any information that has been: (a) incorporated into others user's content, comments, postings, submissions, including but not limited to Course comments ; (b) copied, stored or disseminated by other users; (c) shared or disseminated by you or others such as in a public posting; or (4) posted on a third party platform. Termination of your account will not result in the removal of information collected and already put in aggregate form or information that cannot, in our sole discretion, be removed without undue burden to us. Even after you delete your account or your account is otherwise terminated, we may retain your information as long as we have a legitimate purpose to do so and in accordance with applicable law. We also may retain backup copies of your information on our servers or databases (and/or any authorized third party servers or databases we use) for legitimate purposes such as assist with any legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce Our agreements. Such information may be disclosed pursuant to this Privacy Policy regardless of whether your account is deleted or terminated. 
  8. Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy. We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the amended terms on the Site at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes. If you do not agree to the changes, you should discontinue your use of the Site prior to the time the modified privacy policy takes effect. If you continue using the Site after the modified privacy policy takes effect, you will be bound by the modified privacy policy. 
  9. Use of Information Outside Your Country of Residence. We are a global company, with offices and operations in numerous countries. Accordingly, we may store personal information about customers who are resident in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and beyond in many different countries and territories worldwide. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such personal information around the world, including from/to other countries in which Zenni has operations. If you choose to use the Site or provide your information to us, your information may be transferred to, processed and maintained on servers or databases located outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located. Your agreement to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of information through the Site represents your consent and agreement to these practices. If you do not want your information transferred to or processed or maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, you should not use the Site and/or the services offered thereon. 
  10. Special Information for California Residents. If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and you are a registered user of the Site, you may request that we remove content or information that you posted on the Site or stored on our servers by (a) submitting a request in writing to privacy@zennioptical.com and (b) clearly identifying the content or information you wish to have removed and providing sufficient information to allow us to locate the content or information to be removed. However, please note that we are not required to erase or otherwise eliminate content or information if (i) other state or federal laws require us or a third party to maintain the content or information; (ii) the content or information was posed, stored, or republished by another user; (iii) the content or information is anonymized so that the minor cannot be individually identified; (iv) you do not follow the instructions posted in this Privacy Policy on how to request removal of such content or information; or (v) you have received compensation or other consideration for providing the content. Further, nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the authority of a law enforcement agency to obtain applicable content or information. 
  11. How to Contact Us. If you have any questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us as described below. We will investigate your question, respond to your inquiry, and attempt to resolve any concerns regarding your privacy question. Zenni’s Data Processing Officer is responsible for overseeing compliance with this Privacy Policy. You can reach this individual by sending an email to privacy@zennioptical.com. 



© 2019 Zenni Optical, Inc.
