> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zenoss.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161106025955id_/https%3A//www.zenoss.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Zenoss

### What information do we collect from casual website browsers?

Zenoss does not collect personally-identifying information from visitors to our website unless the visitor has volunteered personally-identifying information, as described below in the "Active Community Members" and "Interactive Product Users" sections. But, like most website operators, Zenoss does collect non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the visitor's Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, internet service provider, operating system, language preference, referring page, exit page, clickstream data, and the date and time of each visitor request. We may use this non-personally identifying information to create a profile or log of your preferences, but we do not tie information in this file to any of your personally identifying information which we may have.

### Does the Zenoss website use Cookies?

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Zenoss' website may use both session ID cookies (which expire when you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time) to help Zenoss identify and track visitors, their usage of the Zenoss website, and their website access preferences, and to deliver content specific to a visitor's interests. Website visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers by Zenoss or its contractors should set their browsers to refuse cookies before linking to our website. For information on configuring your browser to decline cookies, check your browser's "help" feature. Certain features of Zenoss' website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

### Does the Zenoss website or Zenoss emails use clear gifs?

We may use clear gifs, which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that track online movements of website visitors and inform us what content on our site is most effective. Clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and HTML-based emails and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by website clear gifs to our customers' personally identifiable information, although we may link that information to your IP address.

We may also use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If you would like to opt-out of these emails, please see "How can you access or correct your personally-identifying information?"

### What information do we collect from active community members?

Some features of the Zenoss website are available to community members only upon registration, which may require the disclosure of personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Zenoss gathers from those members depends on the nature of the feature. For example, those who wish to receive emails from Zenoss must provide their name and email address, those who wish to post content to certain portions of the Zenoss website are asked to provide usernames that identify that content as having been posted by a particular member, members who wish to contribute code must provide their name and contact information and sign a Contributor Agreement, and those who wish to apply for a job must provide their name, address and phone number. Should Zenoss choose to sell software or services on its website, purchasers will be asked to provide us with even more information, including billing and shipping addresses and credit card or similar information. If any feature of the Zenoss website or software requires the use of a password, that feature may not be accessible without the password.

### What information do we collect from interactive product users?

Certain Zenoss products contain features that report, or that permit users to report, the user's usage patterns and problems - whether caused by Zenoss' software, third party software, or third-party websites - to Zenoss. The reports generated by these features typically include non-personally-identifying information such as the configuration of the user's computer and the code running at the time a problem or communication occurred, and the number and type of servers being managed by the software. Some of these features give users the option of providing personally-identifying information, though none of these features require it. For example, Zenoss software may include a "call home" feature that automatically and periodically checks the Zenoss website for available software updates. Zenoss analyzes the information provided by these interactive product features to develop a better understanding of how its products are performing and being used.

### With whom might we share collected information?

The information that we collect is generally used for internal purposes, such as fulfilling your requests for products or information, permitting access to features of our website, enabling customer support, responding to your inquiries, compiling usage statistics regarding the Zenoss website, analyzing visitor preferences regarding our products and services, and better understanding how Zenoss' visitors use the Zenoss website and Zenoss products and services. To that end, Zenoss may share information, including personally-identifying information, with its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that need to know that information in order to process it on Zenoss' behalf and that have agreed not to disclose it to others (for example, if Zenoss were to use a third party to deliver email newsletters and other email messages). Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using the Zenoss website or any Zenoss product or service, you consent to the transfer of your information to them. Zenoss does not rent or sell such information to anyone. Zenoss may also release non-personally-identifying information about visitors and customers, such as by publishing a report on website usage trends to our partners and advertisers.

We will also divulge personal information to law enforcement agencies or other governmental agencies when required to do so, when we in good faith believe it is necessary in order to comply with legal obligations, or when Zenoss believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Zenoss, members of the Zenoss community, or the public at large. We may also monitor communications, like email correspondence and telephone calls, to track reported problems and to ensure quality assurance.

If you use a forum, email list or chat room on the Zenoss website, you should be aware that any personally identifying information you submit there can be read, collected or used by other users of those services, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. Zenoss is not responsible for personally identifying information which visitors may choose to submit in those cases.

In the event that Zenoss goes through a business transition, such as a reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, user information, including personally identifying information, may be one of the transferred assets. We are the sole owner of any and all information which we may collect, including through the Zenoss website and interactive software features.

### How can you access or correct your personally-identifying information?

You may view, correct or update the personally-identifying information we have about you by sending a request to privacy@zenoss.com. In addition, if you no longer wish to receive our electronic communications, you may opt-out of receiving those communications by following the instructions included in each email or communication you receive. If we use any of your personal information in a manner that you believe is inconsistent with this privacy statement, please notify us immediately by sending an email to privacy@zenoss.com. Your only remedy in any such case is to ask us to correct such inconsistency.

### What are the privacy policies of linked sites and other third parties?

This privacy policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Although you may link to other sites or third parties via the Zenoss website, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties or the content of linked sites and Zenoss does not control the privacy practices of these other sites. Should users depart Zenoss’ site, it is recommended they read all relevant privacy policies.

### What security measures does the Zenoss website employ?

Zenoss has put security measures in place that are intended to secure and protect against the loss of personally identifying information collected through the website. However, you should keep in mind that the website is run on software, hardware and networks, any component of which may, from time to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security.

### Who should use this website?

If you are under the age of 13, please do not use this site.

### Privacy Policy Changes

From time to time, we may make changes to our information practices and/or this policy. In such a case, we will update this policy accordingly, so please review this page periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices.

### What is the effective date of this version of the privacy policy?

This version of the privacy policy is effective as of November 8, 2006. Any new provisions will be effective as soon as they are posted.

### How can you contact us?

If you have any questions about this statement or our privacy practices, you may contact us via email at privacy@zenoss.com.

######   
Copyright © Zenoss Inc., 2016. All rights reserved.
