> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the isource.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040603220243id_/http%3A//www.house.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

**House.com Privacy Statement**  
We only collect personal information from visitors to our Web site when they voluntarily provide it to us by completing our registration form or electing to use one of our services. We may require visitors to provide us with information including, but not limited to, their name, physical address, email address, phone numbers, certain house criteria they are looking for, username, and password. To provide you the best products and services, we often team with business partners. When you indicate that you want to receive a product or service, or contact a person or organization, we share the data needed for you to receive what you have indicated. When visitors access our Web site, certain non-personal information may be collected from them including, but not limited to, their browser type (e.g., Netscape or Internet Explorer), operating system (e.g., Windows or Mac), IP address, and the domain name from which they accessed the site (e.g., house.com). In addition, we may collect information about visitors' browsing behavior, such as the date and time they visit the Web site, the areas or pages of our Web site that they visit, the amount of time spent viewing the site, the number of times the visitor returns to the site, and click-stream data. We may use cookies to collect this information. Information collected through cookies may be combined with visitors' personal information. Visitors are always free to decline cookies. In the event of a merger, acquisition, asset or stock sale, bankruptcy, or other asset transfer (regardless of legal formality), any of our assets may be transferred to a third party, including personal information collected from visitors to our Web site.We maintain your personally identifiable information is a reasonably secure manner including storing such information behind firewalls. if you have any questions please feel free to contact us at [webmaster@house.com](mailto:webmaster@house.com).
