> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the isound.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120610050317id_/http%3A//www.isound.com/page/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# iSound.com/

iSound Privacy Notice The http://www.isound.com/page/privacy describes how iSound and its subsidiaries treat personal information when you use iSound services, including information provided when you use iSound. In addition, the following describes privacy practices specific to iSound. Personal Information Browsing iSound You can listen to music and downloads songs on iSound without having an iSound Account. You can also contact us through us support@isound.com directly without having to register for an account. Your iSound Account. For some activities on iSound, like uploading audio, posting comments and reviews, "liking" songs, flagging audio, or listening to restricted audio, you need an iSound Account. We ask for some personal information when you create an account, including your email address and a password, which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access. An iSound Account, additionally, allows you to access other iSound services that require registration. Usage Information. When you use iSound, we may record information about your usage of the site, such as the songs and artists you like, your ratings/reviews, which other users you communicate with, the audio you listen to, the frequency and size of data transfers, and information you display about yourself as well as information you click on in iSound (including UI elements, settings). If you are logged in, we may associate that information with your iSound Account. In order to ensure the quality of our service to you, we may place a tag (also called a "web beacon") in HTML-based customer support emails or other communications with you in order to confirm delivery. 

Content Uploaded to Site. Any personal information or audio content that you voluntarily disclose online (e.g., audio comments, your profile page) may be collected and used by others. Uses If you submit personal information to iSound, we may use that information to operate, maintain, and improve the features and functionality of iSound, and to process any flagging activity or other communication you send to us. We do not use your email address or other personal information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent. We may use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major iSound changes or for customer service purposes). You also can choose your email settings in your iSound Account settings page. We use cookies, web beacons, and log file information to: (a) store information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit iSound; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests. 

Information That is Publicly Available When you create an iSound Account, some information about your iSound Account and your account activity will be provided to other users of iSound. This may include the date you opened your iSound Account, the date you last logged into your iSound Account, your age (if you choose to make it public), the country and the number of audios you have watched. Your iSound Account name, not your email address, is displayed to other users when you engage in certain activities on iSound, such as when you upload audio or send messages through iSound. Other users can contact you by leaving a message or comment on the site. Any audio that you submit to iSound may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by other iSound users or the general public. You may also choose to add personal information which may include your name, gender, profile picture or other details, that will be visible to other users on your iSound Account profile page. If you choose to add certain features to your iSound Account profile page, then these features and your activity associated with these features will be displayed to other users and may be aggregated and shared with your friends or other users. Such shared activity may include your favorite songs, songs you rated and songs that you have uploaded. 

Your Choices If you have an iSound Account, you may update or correct your personal profile information, email preferences and privacy settings at any time by visiting your account profile page. You may control the information that is available to other users and your confirmed friends at any time by editing your iSound Account and the features that are included on your profile page. You may, of course, decline to submit personal information through iSound, in which case you can still listen to the audio and explore iSound, but iSound may not be able to provide certain services to you. 

Advertising on iSound Other third-party ad serving companies may display ads on iSound, provided they comply with our ad serving requirements. iSound does not provide any personal information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. iSound's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. Any data obtained by third-party ad servers subsequently shared with iSound is maintained and dealt with by iSound in accordance with this privacy policy. 

More Information iSound adheres to the US Safe Harbor privacy principles. For more information about the Safe Harbor framework or our registration, see the Department of Commerce's web site. For questions concerning the product or your account, please check out the iSound FAQ page. For more information about our privacy practices, go to iSound's full privacy policy, or write to us at: iSound Privacy 2682 Lombard St San Francisco, CA 94123 
