> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gainskeeper.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030622100825id_/http%3A//www.gainskeeper.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

|  Privacy Statement  


* * *

This statement discloses the privacy practices of www.gainskeeper.com |  [](http://www.cch.com/) GainsKeeper, a [CCH INCORPORATED](http://business.cch.com/) business, offers a service that is founded on a trusting relationship with its customers. That is why each bit of information processed by GainsKeeper is encrypted, password protected and stored on secure servers. GainsKeeper's host environment provides security personnel that monitor the systems 24 hours a day. Access to our servers requires multiple levels of authentication, including biometrics (hand print scan) procedures. 

[](https://digitalid.verisign.com/as2/e5790fa6155520c28a8bbd0712df61b6) GainsKeeper's uses SSL encryption technology to provide a secure connection between your browser and GainsKeeper's servers. In addition, GainsKeeper is recognized as a "VeriSign Secure Site". VeriSign's rigorous authentication practices undergo an extensive SAS 70 Type II audit by KPMG. (The Statement of Auditing Standard 70, SAS 70, was established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants to certify trusted practices.) We also participate in the Council of Better Business Bureaus' BBBOnline Privacy Program, and comply with all the [BBBOnline Privacy standards](http://www.bbbonline.org/cks.asp?id=2032000115935). Further information about this program is available at [http://www.bbbonline.org](http://www.bbbonline.org/). 

|   
---|---  
  
 Our Commitment to You   
Our data collection policies were created to make your online experience satisfying and safe. We allow you to determine how much information and what information you provide, and to control how that information is used. Our goal is to provide you with an accurate tax lot accounting service, while allowing you to maintain your privacy.  |   
---|---  
  


* * *

What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?   
How is the information used?   
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under the company's control?   
How can you review or correct your personal information?   
Can you prohibit GainsKeeper from sending email to you?   
How To Contact us?   
GainsKeeper does not sell, trade, or rent your Personally Identifiable Information to a third party without your consent or request. During registration and account setup, we ask you to submit information such as your name, email address, zip code, brokerage names and account descriptions, and the type of operating system your computer uses. Also during registration, we may ask you to share other personal information that is optional, such as your gender, birthdate, referral names and email addresses. This information is **optional** and you can decline this exchange of information at any time. This information will only be used internally by GainsKeeper's marketing department for demographic studies on our users and their investing and tax filing practices in order to generate statistics on our user base. However, we do not sell, trade, or rent your Personally Identifiable or Optional Information to a third party without your consent or request. 

After registering with GainsKeeper, you qualify for a free evaluation period of 30 days - no billing information is collected during the evaluation period. During this period you will have access to GainsKeeper's Trial service. If you continue using the service after your evaluation period expires, you will be requested to subscribe to one of GK's Subscription Service Levels of either GK Lite, GK Investor or GK Trader. The subscription process requires that you submit a valid credit card and the accompanying billing information before logging in. Please see [Subscription Information](https://web.archive.org/web/20030622100825id_/http%3A//www.gainskeeper.com/GKsubscrip.aspx) for detailed information on each subscription service level. After choosing your service level, your credit card will be billed the amount stated on the authorization page. This will authorize you to use GainsKeeper's service for one year, beginning the date of your trial registration. The following year, GainsKeeper will again prompt you for billing information to renew for the next year of service. After subscription expiration, you will have the option to upgrade, downgrade or cancel your subscription. GainsKeeper will not automatically renew your subscription upon expiration.

In order to benefit from GainsKeeper's service, you will need to record and/or create personally identifiable information in the system. This information includes your LoginID, Password, email address, the securities you buy or sell, when you purchased the securities and for how much. Without this information, GainsKeeper would be unable to adjust your cost basis and generate Capital Gain/Loss reports for tax preparation and portfolio analysis. This information is necessary for GainsKeeper to provide its service, but GainsKeeper does not sell, trade, or rent your Personally Identifiable Information to a third party without your consent or request.

If you wish to remove your Personally Identifiable Information from GainsKeeper's systems at any time, email this request to [billing@gainskeeper.com](mailto:billing@gainskeeper.com). Upon request, GainsKeeper will permanently delete all Personally Identifiable Information within 15 days. Please note, your information will not be recoverable once the cancellation process is complete. 

Other Financial Institutions that are compatible with GainsKeeper may require login information to authorize the download of your data into GainsKeeper. You will have the option of storing this information on your computer through the use of cookies. This feature is offered for convenience and is not required. Due to the way the Internet technically operates, we cannot control other Financial Institutions' authorization requests - but we can control which companies are allowed to download data to/from GainsKeeper. As a matter of policy, GainsKeeper provides **no** mechanism for an advertiser or Financial Institution to reach you or any other specific customer. 

  
GainsKeeper uses the information you enter to provide its tax lot accounting service, such as custom Capital Gain/Loss and Schedule D reports with the user name and address in the report header for proper tax filing. We also use personal information to do research on demographics, interests, and behavior. Our research is done to better understand and serve our users. For example, GainsKeeper uses investment information to determine what type of trading activity the majority of our users undertake. In general, if our users are trading more mutual funds than stocks we can target future development efforts on services focused on mutual fund analysis. A past study of this kind indicated that a large portion of our users required option functionality, and we made development plans accordingly to now offer this. This information and analysis is compiled only on an aggregated basis for general statistics. 

There are opportunities where individuals can opt-in to receive a premium service from GainsKeeper or its partners. Upon approval, certain information can be shared with our partners so that they can provide the requested service. An example of opt-in premium services are if GainsKeeper partners with a brokerage or an advisory company to provide a GainsKeeper members with services, such as automatic data downloads or "next best trade" recommendations. GainsKeeper members will opt-in to elect this type of premium service before any personally identifiable information is shared. Another example is our referral email feature. This allows current GainsKeeper members to send a customizable email to notify associates of GainsKeeper's service. GainsKeeper does not use the email addresses entered in this feature for marketing purposes. For opt-in or user initiated requests such as this, GainsKeeper will only share personally identifiable information specific to providing the requested service. GainsKeeper will always provide links to third party privacy statements and it is our members' responsibility to evaluate their privacy and security policies. 

  
GainsKeeper operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our systems are hosted at Exodus, a [Cable & Wireless Service](http://www.cw.com/), using state of the art security and redundancy. GainsKeeper generates bi-daily backups of all user data in protection of system failures. Every time you send or request a web page from GainsKeeper's servers, we encrypt the page using SSL technology and a digital certificate provided by a third party, VeriSign, Inc. This includes encryption of any credit card or billing information entered into the site. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary. However, information submitted under this privacy notice will never be used in a new way without first providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prevent that use. Only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers. You the consumer are ultimately responsible for the security of your GainsKeeper LoginID and Password.    
At any time, you may later review or update the personal information we have collected from you by contacting us at: [info@gainskeeper.com](mailto:info@GainsKeeper.com). To protect the security and integrity of your data, we also take steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.    
GainsKeeper does send informational emails to our customers - and we hope you never think of it as Spam. Since GainsKeeper can provide you with portfolio specific information such as splits, mergers, spin-offs, acquisitions and capital gain/loss calculations, we intend these notices to be informative and better enable you to make smarter trading decisions and maximize the usefulness of the service. To ensure that this is the case, we have strong policies in place that allow our customers to control the delivery of this content, or to prevent it altogether if that is your preference. Every email sent to you will contain an Opt-Out link allowing you to unsubscribe from these types of GainsKeeper outbound emails. GainsKeeper does reserve the right to send a one-time registration email containing your temporary password, and infrequent Service Alert messages to its customers to inform them of specific changes that may impact their ability to use a service they have previously signed up for, regardless of email contact opt-in status. An example of a Service Alert message would be notification of the impending deletion of an account that is believed to be abandoned. Finally, we also reserve the right to contact you if compelled to do so as part of a legal proceeding or if there has been a violation of our Terms of Service. GainsKeeper is retaining these rights because in limited cases we feel that we may need the right to contact you as a matter of law or regarding matters which will be important to you. These rights do not allow us to contact you to market a new or existing service if you have asked us not to do so, and issuance of these types of communications are rare.    
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (617) 472-3314 Ext. 7 or send us an e-mail at [info@gainskeeper.com](mailto:info@GainsKeeper.com).   

