> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dapulse.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130828135944id_/http%3A//dapulse.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# daPulse - Your company's growth made easy

We're working on a version humans can also read, until then we have what our diligent lawyers cooked below :) 

The DaPulse Service may collect personally identifiable information from you solely to operate the Service as described in the “How We Use Your User Information” section below. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to advertisers or spammers. We will only share the information we collect from you as described in the section below entitled “How We Share Your User Information.” 

We at DaPulse ("to be incorporated") ("We" or the "Company") respect your privacy and value the relationship we have with you. This Privacy Policy is designed to show you what information about you we collect through the DAPULSE Services and how we use and share that information. 

### Services

In order to facilitate the Service We may collect personal information and content that was provided by you or other users of your Network. When you use the Service, we may collect any information you have made visible on the Network. This includes: name, profile picture, gender, current city, Groups, friend list and pages. 

Each company or organization on DaPulse exists in a separate Network that assures the privacy of its Members and the User Content posted in that Network. Your Network is defined by your company or organization's email domain. For example, all users who sign up with a "newco.com" email address would be part of the newco.com network. 

To join a Network, you must confirm your email address. Only the people in your Network can view the Member profiles and feeds. Users can require anyone else in their Network to re-confirm their email address at any time to prove they still belong in that Network. You can use this feature to remove former colleagues. Network administrators can also remove a user at any time. 

We don't share your private information with advertisers. This includes your email address and the email addresses of others in your Network. Companies who shall operate the network on their servers (as shall be available by DaPulse) can impose additional security requirements at their discretion. Companies who own and operate their Network own the User Content created by their employees. Until that point, Users own their own User Content. DaPulse does not own User Content. Network Administrators can request that messages posted to their Network be securely exported to a company designated destination for archival and backup purposes. Our administrative tools do not allow our employees to view messages in a Network. Access to our database is granted only to our technicians on a case-by-case basis to troubleshoot specific technical issues, or as may be required by law. Each such instance is logged. Information We Collect About You 

When you visit our Website we may collect information regarding your visit from your computer. Such information helps us to determine information about how you found our Website, the date that you visited our Website and search engines that may have led you to our Website. We collect this information in order to continually improve and enhance the functionality of www.DaPulse.com 

Generally, you may provide us with two types of information, User Content, which may include Personal Information, and Website Usage Information, both of which are discussed in greater detail below. 

In order to make your visits to our Website as enjoyable as possible, we may ask you for Personal Information. Personal Information includes, for example, your name and email address, both of which you are asked to provide when registering with DaPulse. Below is a description of some of the ways that you may provide Personal Information to us, as well as further details on how we may use such Personal Information. 

### Personnel Information you Provide Us

1\. Sign-Up Information and Profile. You provide us with Personal Information, such as your name and email address, when you register a Member account with the Website. You may also choose to add information, such as a photo, to your profile. 2\. Contact Us/Feedback. If you email us through the www.DaPulse.com "contact us" link on our Website, we may ask you for information such as your name and email address so we can respond to your questions and comments. If you choose to correspond with us via email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our response to you. In certain cases, and with your permission, we may post content from your emails to us on the DaPulse Website. 3\. Questionnaires and Surveys. We may occasionally ask users of our Website to complete online surveys and opinion polls about their activities, attitudes and interests. These surveys help us better serve you and improve the usefulness of the Service. In requesting your participation in these surveys we may ask you to provide you name and email address to us. 4\. User Content. Our Website offers its users the opportunity to share User Content – for instance, on bulletin boards and blogs and in chat rooms. If you choose to use these features, you should be aware that any Personal Information you submit through these features can be read, collected, or used by other viewers of these forums and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit in these forums. 

### Use Information

1\. Cookies. We may use “cookies” on or in connection with our Website to maintain information about you. A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. DaPulse employs the use of both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Website. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. When you visit our Website, our computer may ask your computer for permission to employ the use of a session or persistent cookie. Our Website will then send a cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits our Website to access the cookies it has already sent to you and not the cookies sent to you by other websites. Most web browsers can be adjusted to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie. However, refusing a cookie may, in some cases, preclude you from using, or negatively impact the display or function of, our Website or certain areas or features of our Website. 2\. IP Address. Our servers automatically collect data about your Internet Protocol address when you visit us. When you request pages from our Website, our servers may log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another website or a search engine); the pages you visit on our Website; the website you visit after this Website; other information about the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this Website or a referral website; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers. We use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our Website. Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider. We may also link this information with Personal Information. Any or all of these activities with regard to the above-described Website Usage Information may be performed on our behalf by our third-party service providers. 

You have the right to “opt in” and/or “opt out” of certain of our uses of your Personal Information. For example, if you are prompted to provide Personal Information on our Website or in connection with our communications to you, you may have the opportunity to elect whether you would like to receive such correspondence from us. You can also make this request by sending an email to support@dapulse.com, specifying whether: (i) you would like to opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from DaPulse in general, or just via e-mail, postal mail and/or by phone, and/or whether (ii) you would only like to opt out of certain of our e-newsletters or correspondence. Please understand that if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us 

### How We Use Your User Information

We will use your Personal Information to respond to your requests and to provide you with our product and service offerings. We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including both Personal Information and Website Usage Information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources, including (without limitation) any of our other websites and third parties. If you choose to import your address book contacts as part of our invitation process, we may store those names and emails and display them to other Network members on the Website in order to customize the Service for you and to enable you and coworkers in your Network to generate subsequent invitations. We may send you notices (for example, in the form of emails, mailings, and the like), and otherwise correspond with you, about products, services, companies, events, sponsored by us and others, that we think might interest you. You may opt out of receiving such notices from us by following the instructions in the section above. In addition, we may analyze user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Website and emails, both on an individual basis and in the aggregate. We will not share, rent or sell your Personal Information to other parties, except as provided in this Privacy Policy. 

### How We Share Your User Information

1\. Service Providers. We may use third-party partners to help us operate and maintain our Website and deliver our products and services. We may also share your Personal Information and Website Usage Information with our service providers and other third parties (“Affiliated Parties”) that provide products or services for or through this Website or for our business (such as website or database hosting companies, address list hosting companies, communications providers, email service providers, analytics companies, distribution companies, fulfillment companies, credit card processing companies and other similar service providers that use such information on our behalf). Third-party service providers are contractually restricted from using or disclosing the Personal Information and Website Usage Information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements, or otherwise subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. 2\. Aggregate Statistics. We may disclose non-personally identifiable aggregate statistics regarding user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Website and emails to third parties in the form of aggregate data, such as overall patterns or demographic reports, which do not describe or identify any individual user. Information relating to aggregate statistics may be collected through the use of third-party cookies and other third party tracking devices. 3\. Legally Compelled Disclosures. We may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with a judicial or court order or comply with legal process served on us or Affiliated Parties; (b) protect and defend our rights and property, the Website, the users of the Website, and/or our Affiliated Parties; or (c) act under circumstances to protect the safety of users of our Website, us, or third parties. 4\. Business Transfer. We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided through this Website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If this occurs, we will notify you as described in “Updates to our Privacy Policy”. 

### Consent to Worldwide Transfer and Processing of Personal Data

By providing Personal Information to us through this Website, you agree that it may be used by us and our Affiliated Parties for the purposes described herein and you further understand and consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other countries and territories, which may have different privacy laws from your country of residence and which may afford varying levels of protection for your Personal Information. Regardless of the laws in place in these countries, we will treat the privacy of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By providing your Personal Information to this Website, you consent to our transmission to, and processing of your information in, any jurisdiction, in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

### Your Access and Correction Rights

You retain the right to decline to submit Personal Information through DaPulse, in which case we may not be able to provide certain services to you. However, if you choose to provide Personal Information to DaPulse, we will provide you with the ability to access, correct, update or delete the Personal Information you have provided to this Website by emailing support@dapulse.com. Before we are able to provide you with any information or correct any inaccuracies, we may ask you to verify your identity and provide other details to help us to respond to your request. 

### Third-Party Websites

When you are on this Website you may have the opportunity to visit, or link to, other websites, including other websites operated by DaPulse or by unaffiliated third parties. These websites may collect Personal Information about you, and because this Privacy Policy does not address the information practices of those other websites, you should review the privacy policies of such other websites to see how they treat your Personal Information. 

### Updates to This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our information processing practices or for any other purpose. We will post a notice in the Info section of the Service’s profile to notify you of any significant changes to the Privacy Policy and indicate there and at the top of the Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated. 

### How to Contact Us

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at support@dapulse.com. Questions or comments submitted through other means, such as Wall posts, may not be received or addressed. 
