> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vizisense.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130413063732id_/http%3A//www.vizisense.com/basic/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ViziSense :: Privacy Policy

Please read this policy to understand what information vizisense.com (hereafter referred to as "ViziSense") collects, how the information is used, and what choices you have regarding collection and use of your information when using ViziSense. 

This policy covers information you share, both personally identifiable and non-identifiable information, with ViziSense as a visitor to the ViziSense web site. If you are a publisher using ViziSense Publisher Service, then you are subject to the ViziSense Publisher Terms and Conditions. Please refer to the ViziSense Publisher Terms and Conditions for more information if this pertains to you. 

ViziSense collects both personally identifiable information as well as non-personally identifiable information. 

Personally identifiable information is any information that identifies a specific individual, such as a name, email address, or phone number. To access ViziSense Publisher Service, every user is required to provide a valid login and password. The login is assigned either by ViziSense or the publisher's designated network administrator. The login is associated with the user's personally identifiable information, consisting of his or her name, company, business email address, telephone numbers, and business address. ViziSense also collects personally-identifiable information when a user submits a comment or a query to our customer support staff or opts in to share his details for receiving updates from ViziSense. Personally identifiable information may be transferred or used by technology service providers that ViziSense works with. These providers require access to information in order to provide services to the user. 

The ViziSense web site collects non-personally identifiable information on the ViziSense web site in the following instances: 

  1. _Log files:_ The ViziSense web site collects information about users and stores it in log files maintained on ViziSense and 3rd party equipment. This information includes non-personally identifiable information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit this site, including information about your web request, your IP address your browser type, browser language, date and time of the request. 
  2. _Cookies:_ A session cookie is a small text file that the ViziSense web site generates and temporarily stores in the memory of the user's computer during the login session. Each time a user logs on to the ViziSense web site, the site issues a session cookie. The session cookie is linked to your login and enables ViziSense or relevant 3rd parties to monitor the ViziSense web site for unauthorized usage. 
  3. _Clear pixels:_ Clear pixels (also called web beacons and one-by-one pixels) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies that are used to remember the pages or sections of a site that a user visits. The ViziSense web site can use clear pixels in order to analyze the performance and usefulness of this site. 



ViziSense uses the personally identifiable information you share with us to respond to your query, comment, or to verify your credentials for access to its services. ViziSense also uses the personally-identifiable information you provide to respond to your inquiries and requests, and to keep accurate records concerning the services you are requesting through the ViziSense web site. All information may be used for additional purposes, such as auditing, research, and development of additional web site capabilities or services. ViziSense generally uses non-personally identifiable information in aggregated form to help us measure the web site's performance and effectiveness, and to improve its usefulness. 

ViziSense does not rent or sell the personally identifiable information you share with us without your prior permission. Personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information may be shared with 3rd party providers, in aggregated or unaggregated fashion. Some or all of the features of ViziSense's services may be provided by 3rd parties. In order for you to use ViziSense's services, your information may need to be transferred to these 3rd parties. Please note that we may also share information in the event that we are asked to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, or as otherwise permitted by law. If and when we use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information, we require that they comply with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. ViziSense may transfer the information it collects to any successor in interest to ViziSense (such as a company that acquires ViziSense), or internally to one or more affiliates (such as a corporate subsidiary or parent). 

When you use the ViziSense web site, you are accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, and ViziSense will have the right to use your information as described in the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy, you must immediately discontinue use of the ViziSense web site. ViziSense reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the ViziSense web site after a change in the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of those changes. 

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact ViziSense at [support@viziSense.com ](mailto:support@vizisense.com). 
