> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vizrt.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171121155420id_/https%3A//www.vizrt.com/company/privacy_statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement - Vizrt.com

Your right to privacy is extremely important to us. As a user, you may visit our website while remaining anonymous and without the need to reveal any personal information. However, in certain portions of the site you may be asked to provide personal information, such as your name, address, and e-mail. Vizrt will use this data to provide you with information that is relevant to the reasons for which it was submitted.

In addition, we will collect, process and store that kind of data which we consider necessary to optimize our services and to maintain highest levels of customer satisfaction. To this end we will collect, process and store data we reasonably deem suited to gear our activities to the wishes and needs of our customers. This data may include, without limitation, data suited to optimize our store locations, to personalize your web experience (e.g. by gearing the product range to your preferences) and to simplify the procedures when you interact with us.

Finally, some user interactions are recorded and processed for analytics purposes (e.g. regarding customer behavior or for marketing purposes). This kind of data is not tied to a single identifiable user and is in no way traceable to the individual. Please refer to the last paragraph of this privacy statement for more detailed information on our use of web analysis tools.

In each case, the recordings are kept no longer than we consider necessary or reasonable for answering the purposes for which they were collected and in no event longer than prescribed by the applicable laws.

Any information you provide to Vizrt over this website will be kept under strict adherence to our technical and organizational procedures for maintaining the security of your personal data and for protecting your session and personal data against unintentional loss or unauthorized interception, processing or modification or any other kind of abuse. Nevertheless, you should always be aware that the transmission of data over the Internet and by using other electronic means involves certain security risks, and that we cannot give any guarantee for the security of data that are transmitted in this way.

Subject to the above, any information you provide to Vizrt will be accessible only to Vizrt group companies, each of which will not use your data for any purposes beyond those described above, and to selected partners on whose services we rely to meet our business purposes. When sharing your personal data with our partners, we will limit the extent of the data shared to the minimum needed for such purposes. Each of our partners is contractually bound to adhere to our data protection standards and in any event to standards no lesser than those applying in the EU. In addition, each of them is contractually bound to process the data shared exclusively on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions.

Subject to the above, Vizrt will not disclose information about any individual user to any entity except to comply with applicable laws or valid legal processes. If such a disclosure should inadvertently occur, Vizrt will use reasonable efforts to limit and remedy the disclosure, but will accept no liability therefor.

We are obliged by law to notify you of the name of the owner of the data collection, which is VIZRT Austria GmbH. You have the right to assert your data protection rights at any time, and to obtain information about or to rectify, add to, object to the processing or demand the deletion of your personal data. You may contact us at [http://www.vizrt.com/contact/](https://web.archive.org/contact/). We reserve the right to correspond with you electronically in this connection.

Some portions of the site may allow you to upload information that will identify you. If you decide to use those portions of the site and post information, the information you post will be made public. Vizrt intends to cooperate with any order or request from law enforcement officials or a court of competent jurisdiction for information as to the identity of individuals submitting or posting information to Vizrt or to its website.

In order to constantly improve and optimise our Internet offering, we use so-called tracking technologies provided by web analysis tools. These tools generate statistics and graphics on the use of our website. Some web analysis tool providers maintain servers located abroad. For the most frequently used web analysis tool, Google Analytics, the IP addresses linked to the data transferred are shortened so as to prevent the identification of individual devices. Google has adopted the “EU-U.S. Privacy Shield" framework and is therefore bound to maintain a data protection level which comes as near as currently possible to the one in the EU. The IP addresses transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You may prevent the recording of the data generated by cookies and relating to your use of the website (incl. your IP address) at Google, as well as the processing of these data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under the following link: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl>.
