> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bbqguys.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-06-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010603063225id_/http%3A//www.thegrillstoreandmore.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement - The Grill Store & More

The Grill Store & More has developed an on-line commerce environment that is safe, easy, and respectful of our customers. The Grill Store & More Web Site is maintained by Eye Want Media in conjunction with The Grill Store & More retail location. Individually identifiable e-mail addresses are not captured or stored unless they are provided. Persons who communicate with The Grill Store & More and supply us with an e-mail address may receive future communications by e-mail. As such, The Grill Store & More supports a customer's right to "opt out". E-mail adresses will NOT be sold or disclosed to any other parties. Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitors contact information (like their e-mail address) and financial information (like their credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company and products to our customers. The customers contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by emailing us a thegrillstoreandmore@hotmail.com. Financial information that is collected is used to check the users' qualifications and bill the user for products and services. This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the infomation under our control. The Grill Store & More is a secure commerce site. The transfer of sensitive information between you and The Grill Store & More is protected by the highest standard of encryption technology available on the internet. Public/private key cryptography enables the creation of a secure "conversation" between your browser and our secure server. While this conversation could potentially be overheard, it could not be decrypted. If, after you receive e-mail from our site you would not like to receive additional e-mail simply email us at thegrillstoreandmore@hotmail.com with "remove from list" in the subject line. If you have anymore questions about our privacy policy, you can e-mail us at the same address or call us at 1-877-743-2269.

go back
