> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the koggames.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161101001405id_/http%3A//koggames.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# KOG Games | The Most Fun Free to Play Online Games are Here!

**ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY**

KOG Games Inc. and its affiliated companies (the “Companies,” “we,” “us”) offer this web site (the “Site”) and all Site-related services and products, including, without limitation, massively multiplayer online role-playing and multiplayer online casual games (the “Service”) solely for playing purposes. Our foremost goal is to create and maintain measures to protect the privacy of our customers. Customer satisfaction is a great priority for us and we realize that our success is dependent on respecting our customers’ rights.

KOG Games respects the privacy of all visitors who visit the Site and use the Service. However, we may collect certain information from visitors. This Privacy Policy governs your interaction with the Site and your registration for and use of the Service. Except as set forth within this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use and End User License Agreement or other published guidelines, we do not release personally identifiable information about users without their permission. By using the Service, you imply your acceptance to this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use, End User License Agreement, and other KOG Games rules, policies, notices, agreements and guidelines.

KOG Games reserves the right to change its privacy policies as needed. If there any material changes to this Privacy Policy, they will be posted on the Service and/or in an updated Privacy Policy. Customer usage of our Service after the changes will be understood as your acceptance of the changes.

The Company may gather the following types of information from the users:

al information provided by you on a voluntary basis. You may visit the Site without providing us with any personally identifiable information. However, if you sign up for an account or send us an e-mail, we require that you provide us with certain personally identifiable information. If you make purchases in connection with your use of the Service, you will be required to provide us with your credit card information (including a valid credit card number, expiration date and shipping and billing addresses). You will be notified each time your personally identifiable information will be collected by a third party payment service (or other third party). If you do not wish to provide your personally identifiable information to any such third party, you may choose to not provide your information at that time. This Privacy Policy itself serves as notice to you that we collect personally identifiable information at certain times during your use of the Service

B. Non-personal information. Other than the personal information, when you use the Service, we may collect information telling us which pages of the Service you visit, the order in which you visit them and which hyperlinks you “click.” Collecting such information can involve logging your IP address (i.e., the unique number assigned to your server or Internet Service Provider (“ISP”)), your MAC address, operating system specifications, identification of your hard drives and other storage devices, and browser software used to access the Service. We reserve the right to scan and obtain information from your computer, software, and parts or portions thereof, including, but not limited to, your computer’s random access memory, video card, central processing unit, hard drive(s) and any other storage devices in order to assist our efforts in policing users who may implement programs and/or scripts used to develop and/or use “hacks” and/or “cheats” to gain advantage over other users. The scan shall detect the use of such programs, including, but not limited to packet editors and cheat engines which are in violation of KOG Games Terms of Use. These types of information are not generally personally identifiable. We can determine from an IP address your ISP and the geographic location of your point of connectivity. When you sign up for any account, you also are asked to provide us with a username, password and a Forum name. You must also provide a character name whenever you create a character for your account.

The company uses “cookies” which are the customer identification cards for the computers, or servers, that placed them there. Cookies are only read by the server that placed them, and are unable to create any harmful codes or viruses. You should be able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser software.

KOG Games does not control the actions of our customers. Any information our customers post in a bulletin board, chat room, or the Forum while visiting our games may be used by other users. Any information disclosed will be at your own risk; we are not responsible for information that you choose to disclose on the Service, or for the actions of other users. We reserve the right (but shall have no obligation) to monitor your use of bulletin boards, chat rooms, guest books or other forums.

**USE OF THE INFORMATION**  
When you give us your personal information, that allows us to fulfill your product or service orders (by us or through third parties), alert you to new products or services, features or enhancements, respond to your questions and notify you about relevant contests and offers, and other services for your benefit. KOG Games may combine the personally identifiable information collected from you with data from third parties. We may share the information that we collect from you with our affiliates, advertisers and other business partners for a variety of purposes, including for the purpose of such parties providing you with advertisements, promotions, marketing materials or other materials or information related to products and services which might be of interest to you.

KOG Games may use non-personal information to build a better and more efficient online services by analyzing the collective characteristics and behavior of our users, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Service. KOG Games also uses non-personally identifiable information for security or debugging purposes, technical support and to protect against user abuse. We use cookies to determine the type of content and pages to which you link, the length of time you spend at any particular area of the Service and/or the parts of the Service that you choose to access or use. Cookies also allow KOG Games to serve you better and more efficiently in providing you advertisements in which you may be interested, and to personalize your experience while using the Service (e.g., by “remembering” your username or password). We may provide statistical information based on this non-personally identifiable information or data to advertisers, affiliates and other current and potential business partners. We may also use this information to inform these parties as to the number of users who have seen and/or clicked on links to their web sites. We may also combine your non-personally identifiable information with your personally identifiable information for these purposes and to provide you with “targeted” advertisements.

Opting-Out.  
You may “opt out” of receiving from us or our affiliates materials described in this Privacy Policy and/or our affiliates, advertisers or other business partners. Any material of advertisement in nature from us will clearly state that the materials are from us and will have a method of “opting out” of receiving future materials of a similar nature. If you choose not to “opt out”, we reserve the right to use your personally identifiable information to provide you with such materials and otherwise share or transfer your personally identifiable information to our affiliates, advertisers or other business partners who provide products or services (or advertisements, marketing materials or other information therefore) that we believe may be of interest to you. However, we will not release your credit card information to third parties unless necessary to complete a transaction between you and such third party. If you decide that you would like to “opt-out” of receiving such materials from KOG Games or “opt-out” of KOG Games providing your information to its affiliates, advertisers or other business partners, please contact our customer service department. We encourage our affiliates, advertisers and business partners to adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our users and to otherwise handle personal information in a responsible manner; however, we do not guarantee their compliance nor assume any responsibility for any actions or omissions of third parties, including the manner in which they use information received either from us or independently. KOG Games reserves the right to contact you at any time using your personally identifiable information for administrative or billing-related issues. Please also keep in mind that any opt-out choices you make will not apply where you have made, simultaneously make, or later make a specific request for information from KOG Games.

Illegal Activities.  
We reserve the right to release and/or use all information contained within our databases, access logs or other records concerning you if you violate our Terms of Use, End User License Agreement or other rules, policies, notices, agreements or guidelines, or intentionally or unintentionally partake (or are reasonably suspected of engaging) in any illegal activity, including, but not limited to, hacking, even without a subpoena, warrant or other court order, and to release such information in response to court and governmental orders, civil subpoenas, discovery requests and as otherwise required by law, and/or to initiate our own legal proceedings. We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using the Service (or any part thereof) for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any suspicious or suspected illegal activity to law enforcement individuals or entities.

**REMOVING PERSONAL INFORMATION; BUSINESS TRANSFERS**

To remove your personal information removed from KOG Games databases, please contact our customer service department at [support.koggames.com](http://support.koggames.com/) and we will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. However, there may be residual information that will remain within KOG Games’s databases and other records, which may contain such personally identifiable information. This information will not be used by us for commercial gain. However, we may contact former users of the Service for qualify control and improvement purposes. If we sell or transfer assets or portions of our business or our entire business to our affiliated companies or third parties, user information (whether non-personally identifiable or personally identifiable) may constitute one of the transferred business assets and you hereby agree to all such transfers. In addition, in the event we reorganize, file for bankruptcy or engage in similar events (whether voluntarily or otherwise), user information (whether non-personally identifiable or personally identifiable) may be transferred to our successors and assigns.

**CHILDREN**

We do not knowingly collect or store personally identifiable information from children (defined herein as minors younger than thirteen (13) years of age). The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act imposes certain requirements on web sites directed toward children under 13 that collect information on those children, or on websites that know they are collecting personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. It is currently our policy not to collect personally identifiable information from any person under 13 and we request that children under the age of 13 not to provide any personal information to us via the Site. Children under the age of 13 years old are prohibited from creating their own account; but may use the Site and Service under the strict guidance and supervision of their parents or guardian and only when using their parent’s or guardian’s Service account. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personally identifiable information from children under 13 years old, we will attempt to notify such child’s parent or guardian as the owner of the account and erase such information from our records.

If you are the parent or guardian of a child who is between the ages of thirteen and eighteen (18) who has created his or her own account or is authorized by you to use your account (if under the age of 13), we urge you to instruct your child to NEVER give out his or her real name, address, phone number or other personally identifiable information while using the Service. If you are under the age of eighteen (18), you should encourage your parents or guardian to review this policy and to contact us with any questions. If you are under the age of thirteen (13) years old, you should not attempt to register for an account and should not otherwise access this Site or Service without the unequivocal permission of your parents or guardian.

**PROMOTIONS, CONTESTS & SWEEPSTAKES**

At times, KOG Games will host or sponsor promotions, contests, sweepstakes, or other third party events and promotions in conjunction with the Service. All policies and regulations for such promotions, contests or sweepstakes will be posted in conjunction with the applicable, official rules.

**WEB SITE LINKS**

The Site may contain links to other Internet web sites. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, we are not responsible for the actions or the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.

**YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS**

Beginning on January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of KOG Games who are California residents to request certain information from the Company regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at:

By email:[marketing@koggames.com](mailto:marketing@koggames.com)

**QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS**  
Questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to our customer service department at [support.koggames.com](http://support.koggames.com/).

[Back to Home](https://web.archive.org/web/20161101001405id_/http%3A//koggames.com/index.html)
