> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ccmixter.org privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181229034610id_/http%3A//ccmixter.org/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ccMixter - CCMIXTER PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy explains the collection, use, and disclosure of "personal information" by ArtisTech Media, LLC, a California Limited Liability Corporation, with its principal place of business at 10606 Camio Ruiz Ste 8-244, San Diego, CA 92126, USA, and its agents of users and visitors to the website available at [http://ccmixter.org](http://ccmixter.org/) ("ccMixter"). As used in this policy, "personal information" means information that would allow a party to identify you, such as, for example, your full name, address, telephone number, or email address.

Personal information we collect: Through ccMixter, ArtisTech Media collects the personal information that you submit at the following pages: (a) the artist's profile page; (b) discussion forums; and (c) the private contest entry page. You decide what and how much personal information we collect at these pages except that we require (through the [ccMixter Terms](http://ccmixter.org/terms)) that your contact information is accurate and up-to-date in case we need to contact you for reasons related to ccMixter, for example, you have won a competition or someone claims music you posted to ccMixter is infringing. It is your responsibility to check and correct this information. All of the information you submit at the artist's profile page (with the exception of your email address and password) and the discussion forums is made available at ccMixter to people who access ccMixter.

ArtisTech Media uses your email address and password solely for the purposes of: (a) administering ccMixter, so for example, to contact you about one of the tracks you uploaded or to send you a password reminder; and, (b) for the purpose of contacting you as part of a mass mailing about new features on the ccMixter site, upcoming contests and other things directly related to ccMixter. The first time we contact you as part of a mass mailing, we will give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving future similar emails from us. In no circumstances will ArtisTech Media sell your personal information or aggregated information that may reflect your usage of ccMixter.

The information submitted at the private contest entry page is retained by us and used solely for the purpose of conducting the private contest in respect of which you submitted your personal information or in accordance with (b) above.

ArtisTech Media also collects personal information about you when you send us an email or other communication. ArtisTech Media uses any such personal information solely for the purpose of responding to and acting appropriately in response to your email or other communication.

Non-personal 'browsing' and ccMixter usage information that we collect: When you use ccMixter, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) may collect information indirectly and automatically (through, for example, the use of your "IP address") about your activities while visiting the site, including the web pages you view and the times you view them and information about the browser you are using. We do not link browsing information to the personal information you submit to us; we use this browsing information for internal purposes such as to help understand how the site is being used and to improve it, and for systems administration purposes. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. In some cases your IP address stays the same from browser session to browser session; but if you use a consumer Internet access provider, your IP address probably varies from session to session.

ArtisTech Media also retains information about the usage of ccMixter, such as, for example, number of uploads, number of downloads, number of users. This information is aggregated information does not personally identify you. ArtisTech Media may make this aggregated information available to the public and other entities, such as our shareholders and advisors.

The disclosures we may make of personal information: In general, it is not ArtisTech Media's practice to disclose personal information to third parties. We may share personal information in three instances.

Firstly, ArtisTech Media may share personal information with our contractors and service providers in order to maintain, enhance, or add to the functionality of the site. In that case, ArtisTech Media requires those contractors and service providers to abide by this Privacy Policy and to only use any and all personal information solely for the purpose of performing their responsibilities for ArtisTech Media and then only to the extent necessary to perform those responsibilities.

Secondly, we may share personal information with third parties such as the government or other entities when required to by law, in order to comply with section 512(g) of the US Copyright Act ([see...](http://tunetrack.net/dmca)), or as required by court order.

Finally, ArtisTech may share your personal information with Creative Commons in the event the operation and/or control of ccMixter is transferred from ArtisTech to Creative Commons.

The security of personal information collected via ccMixter: ArtisTech Media has implemented and follows industry standard measures to protect against unauthorized access to and unlawful interception or processing of Personal Information. However, no Internet site can fully eliminate security risks. Third parties may circumvent our security measures to unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We will post a reasonably prominent notice to ccMixter if any such security breach occurs.

Questions? If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at info@artistechmedia.com.

We hope this policy clarifies our procedures regarding your personal information. ArtisTech Media may revise this policy at any time by updating this posting and posting a notice in the discussion forum.
