> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hub.biz privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140520114411id_/http%3A//hub.biz/c/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY - hub.biz

**Effective Date:August 07, 2012  
**

Connecorp, LLC (the “ **Company** ”), is committed to protecting the privacy of its Users (as defined below).  This document (“ **Privacy Policy** ”) outlines what information the Company collects from its Users through the website located at hubbiz.com and hub.biz (the “ **Website** ”) and how that information is used.

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into the Terms and Conditions of the Website. By agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the Website, you have also agreed to be bound by this Privacy Policy.  In addition, by using this Website, you have agreed to this Privacy Policy.

**Revisions to this Policy  
**

By using the Website, User, as defined below, agrees to this Privacy Policy, and accepts all terms and conditions without modification.  Any offer by a User to modify the terms of this Privacy Policy is expressly rejected.  The Company reserves the right to revise, change, amend, alter or modify (“ **Update** ”) this Privacy Policy and its other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner without notice to User.  The User, as defined below, is responsible for periodically checking for any Updates of this Privacy Policy by re-visiting the Website and using the “refresh” button on the User’s browser.  Any Updates supersede any prior versions immediately upon posting on the Website.  **If the User does not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, or any updated terms hereto, his sole remedy is to not use the Website.**

**Information Collected**

****The information which the Company collects through the Website may include personally identifiable information (“ **Personal Information** ”) which refers to information that helps it identify users or viewers of the Website (collectively, “ **Users** ” and each a “ **User** ”).  The Personal Information includes data such as a User’s name, street address, phone number, facsimile number, email address, username and password, demographic information about the User such as his age and/or gender, and/or any information submitted by a User that is a business for purposes of creating or maintaining a business profile on the Website.  Personal Information shall also include any other information submitted by the User to the Website including, without limitation, where the User is the owner of a business, any information he submits to the Website for purposes of verifying and/or claiming its business on the Website.  In addition, the Company may collect and store information relating to the User’s geographic location, which shall also be included in “Personal Information.” Users are responsible for keeping all Personal Information current and may change any previously entered information through the Website in the manner set forth below.

The Website may also collect data that cannot be traced back to a specific individual (“ **Anonymous Information** ”).  For example, the Company may be able to keep count of how many Users have viewed the Website and specific content therein, key words utilized to find the Website or key words utilized to search within the Website, but this information does not necessarily include information regarding Users’ names, street addresses, phone numbers or email addresses.  Users who view Website but do not enter their Personal Information are generally anonymous Users.  Only Anonymous Information will be intentionally collected by the Company from anonymous Users.

The Website may use browser cookies to collect Anonymous Information.  The Website may also incorporate web beacons or similar tracking technologies to allow the Company to track how the Website is used.  Such technologies are used to collect Anonymous Information, e.g. the name of the User’s internet service provider, the IP address of the User’s computer, User’s browser software and operating system, the identity of any linked-form or linked-to website and other similar information.

The Company may combine a User’s Anonymous Information with similar information collected from other Users to help improve the Website and the Company’s products and services.  Advertisers advertising on or through the Website, if any, may have access to Anonymous Information for purposes of determining how often a User sees a particular advertisement.

**Registered Users  
**

A User may become a registered member of the Website (“ **Registered User** ”), in which case the User may be asked to provide certain Personal Information, including his name, zip code, address, telephone number, email address, a unique login name, password and password validation, and/or a password hint to help the User remember his password. This information is collected within the registration process, in order to allow for greater ease in the Registered User utilizing the Website and its interactive features including, without limitation, (a) posting feedback on the Website including, without limitation, compliments, tips, complaints and/or comments, (b) creating customized lists of businesses, (c) adding businesses that are not already listed on the Website, (d) verifying and/or claiming a business on the Website where the Registered User is the proper and rightful owner of the listed business, (e) following other Users and businesses listed on the Website and/or adding a business as a favorite or recommending a business, (f) communicating with listed businesses and/or other Registered Users and/or (g) linking accounts to other social networking websites including, without limitation, Facebook, Twitter and/or FourSquare; to allow the Company and the Website to identify the Registered User; and to allow Company to contact the Registered User for customer service purposes, if necessary.  In addition, Company requests Registered User’s email address to confirm new member registration and to enable email or other electronic communications to be made through the Website.  In that regard, when a User becomes a Registered User, the Registered User is opted in to receive emails from other Users and businesses by default.  The Registered User can manage and/or modify the account settings including, without limitation, changing email preferences so that the Registered User does not receive emails from other Users and/or businesses.  Moreover, the Company may utilize a Registered User’s email address to send updates, newsletters, news, promotional offers, advertisements or any other information regarding the Website, the Company, or third parties (collectively, “ **Promotional Emails** ”) to the Registered User.  In the event that Registered User no longer wishes to receive such Promotional Emails, he may “opt-out” by changing his account settings at https://secure.hubbiz.com/users/profiles/edit.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, even if the Registered User has requested that he no longer receive Promotional Emails, the Company is entitled to continue to communicate with the Registered User electronically, and send emails to the Registered User with respect to updates and changes to legal documents; the Registered User’s transactions and interactions with the Company and on the Website; and otherwise relating to the operation of the Website (collectively, “ **Administrative Emails** ”).  Without limitation and for clarification, Registered Users acknowledge that “opting-out” of Promotional Emails does not impact the Company’s rights to continue to issue Administrative Emails.   Company may utilize Registered User’s Personal Information to personalize the Registered User’s experience including, without limitation, displaying relevant advertisements to the Registered User and/or verify the Registered User’s identity when it is seeking to claim a business.

In addition, the Anonymous Information that is gathered for a Registered User may also be tied to his Personal Information to see how that specific User utilizes the Website and the aggregate use and postings that he has made (his “ **Use History** ”).  This combined information may be shared internally within the Company, with advertisers and other third parties, and with businesses and other users with whom the User interacts on the Website.  By using the Website, the User is agreeing to his Personal Information and Use History being utilized in this manner.  If at any time he wishes to prospectively withdraw that consent, he may do so by notifying Company in writing of the same by providing an email to the Company at DontTrackMeBro@hubbiz.com.  The subject line of that email should read: “Do Not Share Use History.”

Registered Users may be providing more Personal Information than general Users to the Website, and by becoming a Registered User, Registered User assumes all risk, and agrees to these terms with regard to all of the information that the Registered User submits through the Website.  Information in a Registered User’s profile may be public, and viewable by those who are not Registered Users.  Registered User assumes all risk associated with information posted in the profile.

Registered Users may post content on the Website that may be made publicly available to other users and to the general public via the Website including, without limitation, business information, photos, images, and/or business reviews, feedback, compliments, tips, complaints and/or comments with respect to certain businesses.  Users acknowledge and agree that by posting or otherwise submitting such content on or to the Website, his Personal Information, along with that Content, may be visible to the third parties. User shall not share any information in his inquiry that he is not prepared to be public or to otherwise share with such other third parties. 

In addition, if User exchanges messages with other Users and/or businesses through the Website, User’s messages may be stored on the Website in order for the Website to deliver them and for User to manage or review them. In addition, where User sends information from the Website to its mobile phone through SMS text message, the Website may store User’s telephone number, telephone carrier information and the date and time that the message was sent and/or delivered.

Further, Users may submit inquiries, feedback, comments or other content (collectively, an “ **Inquiry** ”) to the Company through the Website.  Users acknowledge and agree that by sending an Inquiry or otherwise posting communications to the Website, a User’s Personal Information, including his email address and any other information the User supplies, may be visible to third parties. User shall not share any information in his Inquiry that he is not prepared to be public or to otherwise share with such other third parties.  Moreover, User’s Inquiry may be available for review by the Company and/or other Users’ contractors and employees.  Moreover, the Company may, from time to time, use third party email servers to send and track receipt of the Inquiries, and analyze the pattern of inquiry usage via these third party tracking systems. 

If a User is making an Inquiry or posting content for someone other than himself, in which another person’s Personal Information will be accessible or otherwise made available, User hereby makes the material representation and warranty upon which he wishes the Company to reasonably rely, that he has obtained each of those other individuals’ consent to disclose their personal information to the Company and other Users.

Moreover, User acknowledges and agrees that the Company may need to otherwise provide a third party with portions of the User Information that the Company, in its sole discretion, deems necessary to effectuate the purposes of the Website.

All submissions of content, including without limitation, the posting of content to the Website or the submission of an Inquiry sent to the Company, are accepted in accordance with, and governed by, the Website’s Terms and Conditions.  Moreover, User acknowledges and agrees that this Privacy Policy does not apply to content, business information, pictures, ideas, concepts or inventions that User posts to the Website or send to the Company relating to the Website, the Company or in anyway relating to any business models of the Company or the Website or improvements thereto (collectively, “ **Submitted Property** ”).  User acknowledges and agrees that all Submitted Property becomes the property of Company immediately upon their receipt of the same, unless Company elects not to take ownership of Submitted Property.  Company may then utilize, distribute or otherwise disseminate the Submitted Property as they wish in their sole discretion.  As it relates to intellectual property rights relating to the same, User hereby assigns and conveys all rights he may have to such Submitted Property and ideas.  If User seeks to keep such information or property private or proprietary, he should not send such information through the Website or to the Company.

**Third Party Advertisers and Links to Third Party Websites**

The Website may include advertisements from third-party companies, which may include links to third-party websites.  The advertisements placed by these companies or other Users, are not affiliated, owned, maintained or updated by the Company.  If User visits the websites of these third-party advertisers, or otherwise submits information to any other User, they may use cookies and/or request and collect User’s Personal Information.  The Company does not know of the policies of these independent third parties, including without limitation, other Users, and is not responsible for the information collected or how the information is used by any third-party advertisers, including without limitation, other Users.  The Company also cannot confirm or in any way guarantee the accuracy of the information provided by those third-party advertisers on their websites.  The Company strongly recommends that User reads and reviews the privacy policies of any other third-party websites that it may view. 

**Facebook, Twitter, Four Square and any Other Social Networking Websites**

If User accesses the Website, but is logged into other social networking websites, the Website may receive information from such social networking websites to make it easier for you to register an account with the Website and to share information among the sites.  In addition, User may also link its account with the Website to other social networking websites such as Facebook, Twitter and/or FourSquare.  In this case, the Website may collect and store information relating to User linking its account with these other social networking Websites to allow User to easily share information with its friends and/or contacts on these other social networking websites.

**Information Sharing**

Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the Company will not intentionally distribute, rent or sell a User’s Personal Information to third parties without the User’s permission.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company will share Users’ information, including without limitation, Personal Information amongst its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates and other related entities and related websites.  The User acknowledges and agrees that the Company may use the Personal Information to contact the User and to solicit the User for services offered by the Company.  The Company may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Users’ Personal Information to the appropriate governmental authorities.  If the Company receives a request from law enforcement or judicial authorities, or is otherwise required by law to reveal User’s Personal Information, then it reserves the right to provide the requested information.  

Information about the Users of the Website, which include the Users’ Personal Information, may be disclosed in association with certain business dealings such as any debt financing, acquisition or merger, sale of assets and in the event of a bankruptcy, assignment for benefit of creditors or receivership in which particular information could be sold or transferred to other parties as an asset.

**Special Cases**

It is the Company’s policy to not use or share the Personal Information of Users of the Website in ways which have not been outlined or described herein without first allowing its Users a chance to opt out or otherwise disallow such unrelated uses.  However, the Company may disclose Personal Information about its Users or information relating to their Use of the Website for any reason if, in its sole discretion, it determines that it is reasonable to do so, including, without limitation:

**             **A.        To comply with laws, such as without limitation, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, regulations or governmental or legal requests for such information;

            B.        **** To reveal information that is needed to identify, contact or bring legal action against any User who may be violating the terms and conditions of the Website;

C.        To take steps to protect and defend the rights and property, including intellectual property of the Company;

D.        To operate the Website properly;

**             **E.         To protect the Website and its Users; and/or

            F.         To fully cooperate with law enforcement authorities, private-party litigants and others seeking information about its Users to the extent required by applicable law.

**Security Procedures**

The Company undertakes reasonable efforts to operate secure data networks which are protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems.  The Company undertakes reasonable efforts to review its security and privacy policies on a periodic basis and it may adjust and change the systems as necessary.  Notwithstanding the above, and although the Company is ever diligent in its security pursuits, it cannot guarantee the success of its efforts.  Company undertakes no duty to provide notice to any Users of a security breach, unless otherwise required to do so by law.  The Company hereby disclaims any and all liability for any breach of security that may or may not result in the sharing or dissemination of User’s Personal Information with third parties.  Company shall not be liable for damages of any kind, including, without limitation, special, exemplary, punitive, indirect, direct, incidental or consequential (including but not limited to lost profits or lost savings) and whether based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, which arises out of or in any way connected with the Company’s collection of User’s information, or the unintentional dissemination thereof.

**Managing and Deleting Users’ Personal Information**

****If a User would like to modify or delete any Personal Information previously entered on the Website, he can update his information by changing his account settings at<https://secure.hubbiz.com/users/profiles/edit>.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Registered Users may be able to update their personal information by changing their online profile through the Website.

**Protection of Children**

This Website should not be used by Users under the age of majority in the State from where the User is accessing this Website.  The Company shall make reasonable effort to ensure that this Website contains sufficient warnings to make it obvious that its content is not intended for Users under the age of eighteen (18) and that they are not welcome to access this Website.  However, there is no substitute for proper parental supervision of children's Internet usage.  Accordingly, the Company recommends that Users of this Website use parental control protections, such as computer hardware, software or filtering devices which may help users limit minors’ access to harmful Materials.

The Company does not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children (minors younger than 18) through the Website.  If the User is a parent and believes the Company may have inadvertently collected such information from User’s child, please notify the Company immediately by sending an email to ProtectMyChild@hubbiz.com.

**Commercial Website**

****A User acting on behalf of an employer or entity, acknowledges that it is authorized to do so and that it may be sharing certain corporate information with the Website and other users.   As further set forth in the Terms and Conditions, all Users also acknowledge that they have permission to utilize the Website in this capacity.

**Additional Information**

****If Users have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact the Company by email at[PrivacyPolicy@hubbiz.com](mailto:PrivacyPolicy@hubbiz.com) or phone at (201) 340-6080.

**California Residents**

Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California residents are hereby advised of the following: (a) Company is located at 700 Grand Avenue, Suite 14, Ridgefield, New Jersey 07657 and can be reached via telephone at (201) 340-6080; (b) Members of the Website are notified in advance of any applicable charges resulting from or related to their use of the Website or its services; (c) consumers may contact Company at the address or telephone number indicated above to resolve a complaint or receive further information regarding any aspect of the services provided by the Website; and (d) the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Boulevard, Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834 or via telephone at 800-952-5210.
