> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hubnetwork.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625133101id_/http%3A//www.hubnetwork.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hub Network | Privacy Policy

**Summary**

Hubnetwork.com, Hubworld.com, Hubbub.com and any other Websites we may operate including, without limitation, any related mobile applications we have published (collectively, “The Hub Websites”, and individually, a “Website”) bring you the coolest information about the world of Hub Television Networks, LLC (“The Hub”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and the videos, games and activities you can enjoy here.  We respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and are committed to providing you with a secure online environment. We have adopted this online Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") that guides how we collect, store and use the information you provide us online.

If you are a parent or guardian and are interested in knowing more about our policy regarding the online collection of information from children, we recommend reviewing the Note To Parents below.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact the Website Administrator by using the following link and clicking [_here_](http://corporate.discovery.com/contact/viewer-relations/).  

**What Information Do We Collect?**

In order to give you the most exciting Internet experience possible, we may request and/or collect information from you on a voluntary basis when you do the following activities on The Hub Websites: (1) register with us; (2) participate in sweepstakes, contests, events or promotions; (3) fill out online surveys; (4) share postcards, videos, games or pages with friends; (5) submit photographs, videos and/or other forms of user-generated content; (6) newsletters and/or email messages; (7) any other online activities and/or (8) as required by law. The requested information may include personal information such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, home address and/or a government-issued identification number. For some activities, we may also ask you to create a username and password and/or, on an optional basis, to provide demographic information such as your age, gender, birthdate, zip code, time zone and/or cable provider. If demographic information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, we may combine the demographic information with your personal information except as otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy. In the case of our mobile applications, there may be a software feature that allows you to enter a preset code from us to unlock certain activities in the application, accessorize a photo from your mobile device, or set a calendar reminder on your mobile device for certain shows that you have selected.  In each case, we do not solicit, collect, store, record, track or register any personal information from you (or from your device) in order for you to participate in these activities. 

If you are under the age of 13, only your parent or legal guardian may provide your personal information to us for online activities, unless it is under the specified exceptions as otherwise described in this Policy.  Kids, if you are ever unsure about anything you are seeing on this Website, ask your parent or legal guardian for help. See Note To Parents below for more information.

Whatever the activity may be, we will only collect information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives. If you do not want to submit personal information when requested, you (including your child if he/she is under the age of 13) may not be able to access certain areas or participate in certain activities on our Website. However, you (including if you are under the age of 13) do not need to provide personal information to us in order to use our Websites generally.

1.   **Registration**

Registration is not required in order to use our Websites.  However, if you choose to register an account, you will be able to participate in additional online activities on this Website.  There are two registration options: a MyHub registered account and a FamilyHub registered account (which first requires a registered MyHub account).  If you (including if you are under the age of 13) register for a MyHub account, you will be required to create a username and password.  We do not collect any personal information in that registration process. We may also request demographic information on an optional basis (e.g., gender, time zone and cable provider) at the point of MyHub account registration.  As a MyHub registered user, you can mark your favorite videos, games and other activities, keep a record of your scores for games played by you on the Website, and you can also receive updates to a private account status page about general news from The Hub, among other activities. We cannot, however, contact or communicate with you directly through a MyHub registered account. A MyHub registered user may participate in additional online activities on this Website if he/she is a member of a FamilyHub “group” or, for certain other online activities, only if his/her parent/legal guardian has granted verifiable parental consent for such participation through parental controls of a FamilyHub registered user account.

If you register for a FamilyHub account, which requires you to be at least age 18 and/or a parent/legal guardian, you are required to submit your full name, email address, birthdate, zip code and an identification number from a U.S. government-issued identification (e.g., your driver’s license) in order to confirm your age through our support provider entity’s verification procedure.  We do not store your birthdate, zip code and/or government-issued identification information, but only use such information for the sole purpose of verifying age.  Such verification (a) primarily enables a method of verifiable parental consent, in accordance with COPPA, for a FamilyHub registered user to permit or restrict his/her child under the age of 13 with a MyHub user account to participate in certain online activities on this Website (e.g., submission of user-generated content to an online gallery on the Website, collection of such child’s email address, and/or participation in other FamilyHub “groups”) and (b) allows a FamilyHub registered user herself/himself to participate in certain additional activities on this Website.  For example, if you are a FamilyHub registered user, in addition to the online activities in which a MyHub user can participate, you may submit user-generated content to an online gallery on the Website; invite and enlist MyHub registered users to be a part of your FamilyHub “group”; challenge other MyHub users in your FamilyHub “group” to online games; and control administrative features that may impact the online participation of other MyHub users in your FamilyHub “group”, depending on the impacted activities and whether such MyHub user is your child.  We may also request demographic information on an optional basis (e.g., gender, time zone and cable provider) at the point of FamilyHub account registration but we do not combine such demographic information with your personal information.  We cannot contact or communicate with you directly through a FamilyHub registered account.  If we need to contact you about your user account, provide you notifications or request prior parental consent, we may contact you directly through the email address that you provided upon, and that was required for, such FamilyHub registration process.

FamilyHub registered accounts and MyHub registered accounts may be deleted by the respective account user at any time by logging in and deleting his/her account or, if the MyHub registered account belongs to a child under the age of 13, his/her parent/legal guardian may also delete the account through the administrative controls of a FamilyHub registered account or by contacting our Website Administrator.  A FamilyHub user who is a parent/legal guardian of a MyHub user may also revoke and/or override a permission granted for that MyHub user to join other FamilyHub groups if such permission was granted by a FamilyHub user not the parent/legal guardian of such MyHub user.

2.   **Sweepstakes/Promotions/Contests**

To participate in some of our promotions, you may be asked to provide an e-mail address or screen name, so that we can let you know if you won a prize. If we request only your e-mail address or screen name, please do not use your real name for such promotions. For other promotions, except for children under the age of 13, we may also request your full name, phone number and/or home address in order to contact you to let you know if you won a prize or to send you products or information by regular mail.

For children under the age of 13, we will not collect the child’s personal information from them for a sweepstakes or contest; however we may collect the child’s e-mail address to enter the child in the sweepstakes or contest, store such e-mail address for the duration of the sweepstakes/contest, use it only to notify the child on a one-time basis that he/she is a winner and then delete all children’s e-mail addresses collected for the promotion immediately thereafter. In some sweepstakes or contests, we may also collect the e-mail address of the child’s parent (or guardian) to inform the parent of the child’s entry, provide the parent an option to have the child’s entry deleted, and/or notify the parent that their child has won (if applicable).

Your personal information (or personal information for children under the age of 13) collected for our promotions is not shared with any third parties, except with entities who use it solely to provide support for the operations of the sweepstakes/promotion/contest.

3.   **Sharing Content with Friends**

By allowing you to send postcards, videos, games, pages, or other content to friends, we are not attempting to collect any personal information about you or the person you are e-mailing (including if you or the person you are e-mailing is under the age of 13). We will use the personal information supplied (such as your first name (as the sender), your friend's first name (as the recipient) and your friend’s e-mail address) only to send the postcards, videos, games, pages or other content as you request. This is a one-time e-mail initiated by the user of the Website and this information is not stored or used by us, other than to execute the e-mail. We collect e-mail addresses to send or share content with a friend only to transmit the requested e-mail and delete such e-mail address immediately thereafter.

4.   **Online Surveys**

In order to improve the user experience at our Websites, we may employ online surveys for visitors (including visitors who are children under the age of 13) to volunteer anonymous demographic information about themselves and provide us feedback about why they visit our Websites and what we can do to make them better. Unless otherwise indicated at the time of collection and/or as described in this Privacy Policy, information collected through these surveys is anonymous; we cannot identify who is submitting the information or tie it to other personally identifiable information a user may have provided us through another means. In certain circumstances, we may employ an online survey for visitors in which we request personally identifiable information only if the visitor is at least age 13 or, if the visitor is under the age of 13, the visitor’s parent or legal guardian must have provided prior verifiable parental consent before we may collect any such personally identifiable information from such visitor.

5.   **User-Generated Content**

For purposes of specific promotional campaigns, including without limitation, sweepstakes, contests and/or similar activities, we may, on occasion, permit you to submit or upload a photograph, video or other form of user-generated content on one of our Websites as a means of participating in the promotional campaign.  In these cases, if you are a visitor of our Website who is a child under the age of 13, we will not collect, store or use user-generated content from you without first obtaining verifiable parental consent, unless that particular user-generated content submission has first been pre-moderated by us (or one of our support provider entities) immediately following the upload submission process and proven not to contain nor constitute personally identifiable information about you.  However, if such pre-moderation indicates the user-generated content submission does constitute personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13, we will immediately delete such user-generated content submission from our records. With regard to ongoing online galleries on our Website that exhibit or display user-generated content, only FamilyHub registered users and MyHub registered users who have received prior verifiable parental consent from a FamilyHub user may submit user-generated content for online gallery exhibition.  If you are a FamilyHub registered user, you may also upload user-generated content in limited circumstances when building your account profile.  In all cases of user-generated content of our Websites, all submissions are moderated by us (or a support provider entity) prior to exhibition online.  Except as otherwise described in this paragraph and Privacy Policy, MyHub users and non-registered users of this Website may not submit user-generated content on our Websites. 

6.   **Electronic Newsletters/Promotional Emails**

On occasion, we may circulate to you electronic newsletters and/or email messages that contain news updates or marketing and promotional content about The Hub only if you provide us your email address and actively “opt-in” to receiving such information from us. If you are under the age of 13, your parent/legal guardian must provide prior parental consent for your receipt of such information and either provide us your email address or permit you to “opt-in” to receive the information following such consent.  We will also not share your email address or any other personal information that you provide to us with affiliates and/or third parties for purposes of their direct marketing unless you, or if you are under the age of 13 your parent/legal guardian, provide us prior consent and/or indicate an “opt-in” to sharing such information with those affiliates and/or third parties beforehand. You (or if you are under the age of 13, your parent) may change your preferences regarding your receipt of such emails and electronic newsletters at any time through the “opt-out” or unsubscribe link in the email, by logging in to your registered FamilyHub user account and changing your (or your child’s) preferences, or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.

**Who is Collecting My Information and How Will it be Used?**

In general, you (including if you are a child under the age of 13) do not need to provide personal information to us in order to use our Websites.  The Hub may collect personal information you provide (unless you are under the age of 13 except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy) on The Hub Websites in the limited circumstances described in this Policy. If we do collect any personal information, we may use such information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the services we provide you and can better meet your needs. The demographic information (e.g., age and gender) you provide us is collected by us and may be disclosed in aggregate to third parties only for internal business purposes such as demographic and marketing studies. This aggregate demographic information cannot be used to personally identify you or your computer.  For purposes of determining the channel on which The Hub airs in your location, we (and/or our applicable support provider entity) may collect demographic information such as your zip code, time zone, and cable provider.  We do not store nor do we combine this demographic information with any personal information of our users.

**With Whom Do We Share Your Personal Information?**

From time to time, we may employ and share our customers' personal information (including that of children under the age of 13) with entities that use it solely to provide support for the internal operations of The Hub Websites (e.g., online registration and email services, or technical support). These entities will not use your personal information for any other purpose or in a way inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, and have agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us.

Similarly, some of our support provider entities, which may include third party administered Websites, may collect your personal information directly. First, in the instances where the support provider is identified by a "Powered by" logo or where we notify users that they are leaving The Hub Websites for a third party administered website (e.g., including, without limitation, applying for a job through our Jobs section, emailing questions to Viewer Relations, emailing questions to Customer Service and/or clicking on third party advertisements online), this Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information you submit to these support provider sites or third party administered Websites. Your use of these Websites and/or applications is subject to the third parties’ privacy policies and we encourage you to read such policies before submitting personal or other information to those Websites.  Second, in other instances where you enter online promotions and activities on our webpages that have the look and feel of The Hub Websites (e.g., including without limitation, entering Hub-branded sweepstakes and contests, submitting photos and/or videos for posting and/or participating in other similar online promotions), a third party support provider entity may directly collect your personal information.  In such cases, this Privacy Policy and/or such third party support provider’s Privacy Policy may apply to the personal information you submit to these support provider sites.  In both instances noted in this paragraph, these entities have agreed not to use your personal information for any purpose other than that stated when you submit the information, and have agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the personal information they obtain from you. We may disclose personal information (including that of children under the age of13) in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability.

We do not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose personal information collected from and about our users (including children under the age of 13) to third parties for promotional purposes. However, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, our user information may be transferred to our successor or assign, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law. Please see our "Questions and Complaints" section below for instructions on how we will notify you of such an event.

The chart [_here_](http://www.hubnetwork.com/whom-do-we-share-your-personal-information-continued) lists the names of some of our third party partners and support provider entities, which may provide administrative services to our Websites. These entities may change from time to time.

**Cookies and Clear GIFs**

We use cookies and clear GIFs to enhance your experience at our Websites. These cookies and clear GIFs let us know how many people are coming to individual sites, how frequently, and how they are using the sites, allowing us to make updates to content and improve navigation as appropriate.

Cookies are pieces of information that we place on your computer to help us accurately understand how many consumers are visiting a particular site, how often they visit that site, and what content they are most interested in. For example, a cookie will allow us to remember certain things, such as your Internet Protocol or "IP" address (an IP address is the string of numbers that identifies each sender or receiver of information that is sent across the Internet), your login information, the time and duration of your visits, how you navigated through our content and where you exited a particular site. To save you the time of re-entering your login information every time you come back to our Websites, we may link information contained in a cookie to your email address (including that of registered children under the age of 13). We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that we did not originally send in a cookie.

Clear GIFs, sometimes called "Web bugs," are file objects, usually a graphic image such as a transparent one pixel-by-one pixel GIF (Graphics Interchange Format, one of the two most common file formats for images on the Web), that are placed on a Web page or in an e-mail message to monitor user behavior. The GIF tells us the IP address of the computer that fetched our page, the URL of the page the GIF is on, the time the page was viewed, the type of browser used, and can tell us a previously set cookie value. This anonymous information is returned by the clear GIF to us and we use this information to accurately count visitors across The Hub Websites and understand how they navigate and use our sites. We do not combine information gathered through clear GIFs with your personal information.

**Flash LSOs**

Third parties with whom we partner use local shared objects (LSOs), also known as Flash cookies, to store display content based upon what you view on our site(s) to personalize your visit and to provide certain features on our site(s).

Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here: _<http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118>_

**Log Files**

Other information passively collected by us is in the form of logs - files that record website activity and gather statistics about web users' browsing habits. These entries are generated anonymously, and helps us determine (among other things) how many and how often users have visited our Websites, which pages they've visited, and other similar data. We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the online services we provide you. Log files are used internally only, and are not associated with any particular user, computer, or browser.

**Third Party Ad Servers**

Our Websites use third-party advertising networks and other third-party service providers (collectively, “Third Party Ad Servers”) to serve advertisements on the Websites.  These Third Party Ad Servers do not have access to our data collection technologies on these Websites except to the extent necessary to provide their services to these Websites, but they may have the ability to collect non-personally identifiable information on these Websites through their own technologies and/or they may otherwise have access to other information about you.  Information is not collected or used on these Websites for the purpose of delivering targeted advertising to you based on your Web viewing behaviors.

**Linking to Third Party Sites**

Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to The Hub Websites, and not to websites operated by other companies or organizations to which we link. When you link to any other websites from The Hub Websites, this Privacy Policy no longer applies and The Hub does not control the activities of those websites.

To provide relevant information not found on our Websites and to allow you to interact with other websites on which you may have accounts, we may provide links or embed third-party applications that allow login from our Websites to third party websites or third party support providers. In these cases, we will: (i) notify users when they are leaving The Hub Website or otherwise indicate that you will be going to a third party's website or (ii) identify such website with a “Powered by” logo. Your use of these Websites and/or applications is subject to the third parties' privacy policies, and we encourage you to read the third party sites' privacy policies before submitting personal or other information or using the applications.

**Opt-out**

We will not send you newsletters and/or promotional e-mails about our products and/or services unless you “opt-in” to receive such information.  If you are receiving such e-mails or newsletters and at a later date you choose to opt-out so you no longer receive such emails and/or your personal information (e.g., your email address) cannot be shared with any third parties for their direct marketing purposes, you can do so by using the “opt-out” or unsubscribe link included within the e-mail or by sending an e-mail to us by clicking [_here_](http://corporate.discovery.com/contact/viewer-relations/).

Please note that "welcome" and service e-mail communications are not promotional in nature and, therefore, an opt-out is not provided. These are simply to notify the user of a service they recently signed up for or to notify the user of Web site issues.

**Safeguarding Your Personal Information**

We will only collect personal information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes, and we will take appropriate steps to ensure the security and integrity of any information (including that of children under the age of 13) you provide to us. Any information provided to us on The Hub Websites is housed in a secure datacenter and sensitive information is secured using SSL encryption.

**Review, Update and Removal of Personal Information**

If we have collected personal information from you (including if you are a child under the age of 13 under a one-time collection as noted in this Policy) on our Websites, you (or your parent/legal guardian) may at any time review, delete inaccuracies, and/or update the personal information we have for you, opt-out of sharing your information with third parties, or inform us that you want us to remove your information from our database by using the following link by clicking [_here_](http://corporate.discovery.com/contact/viewer-relations/). _If you choose to send us an e-mail, please be sure to include in your message the name of the site to which you submit your personal information and the e-mail address you submitted so that we can verify your request._   If your personal information (or personal information of a child under the age of 13) was collected by a third party administered website or support provider website linked to The Hub Websites (as described in "With Whom Do We Share Your Personal Information?" and “Linking to Third Party Sites”) and you seek to review and/or update such personal information, this Privacy Policy does not apply and you must consult such third party’s privacy policy on the matters addressed in this paragraph.

**_Your California Privacy Rights_ : **

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to opt-out of our disclosure of any personal information (e.g., email addresses) that we may share with third parties for their direct marketing purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.  You may choose to opt-out of the sharing of such information by using the “opt-out” or unsubscribe link included in the email you received or you may send us an email requesting such opt-out by clicking [_here_](http://corporate.discovery.com/contact/viewer-relations/).

California law also requires us to disclose whether we respond to “Do Not Track” signals.  As The Hub does not track users across websites, we do not support or use “Do Not Track” signals from web browsers or other mechanisms regarding the online tracking of users.

**Questions and Complaints**

Any questions or complaints about The Hub or this Privacy Policy can be addressed by contacting us by using the following link by clicking [_here_](http://corporate.discovery.com/contact/viewer-relations/).

**Changes to Privacy Policy**

If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by e-mail, or by means of a notice on our home page.

If we make material changes to how we use Personal Information collected from children under age 13, we will notify parents by email in order to obtain verifiable parental consent or, if we do not have such emails to contact parents directly, by reasonable means on our website for the new uses of the child's Personal Information.

For additional information about The Hub Websites, please see the [_Terms and Conditions_](http://www.hubnetwork.com/terms-conditions-use) of Use for each site.

Contact information for The Hub Websites is as follows:

Hub Television Networks L.L.C.  
Attention: Hubnetwork Site Administrator  
2950 N. Hollywood Way, Suite 100  
Burbank, CA 91505  
240-662-2186  
[ _Website Administrator Email_](http://corporate.discovery.com/contact/viewer-relations/)

Thanks. Have fun!

**NOTE TO PARENTS**

We have developed our Websites to be an enjoyable experience for children (and adults) of all ages. We recognize that some younger children may not understand some of the information contained on the Websites or how the sites operate. That is the purpose of the Privacy Policy. Please discuss this statement with your children so that they will better understand how to use the sites and the information they may be asked to provide. We strongly believe that providing our visitors with accurate and adequate notice about The Hub Websites will lead to informed choices and decisions about how to use the sites, as well as protect our users' privacy. If you have any questions or comments about our policy, please contact us using the Contact Information provided below. For all issues, you may contact us by using the following link by clicking [_here_](http://corporate.discovery.com/contact/viewer-relations/).  Please note that if your child’s personal information was collected by a third party administered website or support provider website linked to The Hub Websites (as described in "With Whom Do We Share Your Personal Information?" and “Linking to Third Party Sites”), this Privacy Policy does not apply and you must consult such third party’s privacy policy on the matters addressed in this paragraph, including without limitation the means of collection, use and disclosure of children’s personal information and parental access to children’s personal information.   

**Children Under the Age of 13**

1.   **Collection and Use of Children's Personal Information**

In general, children under the age of 13 can view our content, videos, pages, and play games on The Hub Websites without us collecting their personal information. With regard to sweepstakes/contests/promotions, if we collect and store personal information about children under the age of 13 ("children" or "child"), it is under the one-time collection exception (as noted in “What Information Do We Collect?”) or is voluntarily submitted by the child’s parent or guardian. If provided by the parent or guardian, we may collect the child's name, phone number, email and mailing address only when necessary to fulfill a transaction, such as sending the winner of a contest or sweepstakes the awarded prize. With regard to other online activities on The Hub Websites (e.g. user-generated content submissions or email collection), we do not collect personal information of children under the age of 13 unless their parent/legal guardian voluntarily submits such information to us or we receive verifiable parental consent prior to such collection of information (as noted in “What Information Do We Collect?”). On The Hub Websites generally, we may also collect demographic information about a child such as the child's gender, and other preferences.  For information on how we use cookies and other information collection tools, please see our section on "Cookies and Clear GIFs" (above). We may also use the information for our internal marketing and demographic studies so that we can constantly improve the products and services we provide our visitors and to better meet their needs.

Please note that we are prohibited from conditioning a child's participation in an activity - like contests - on the child's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. This means that if we don't need a specific piece of information (like the child's phone number) to allow the child to participate in a contest, we simply won't ask for it.  Please also see our section on “What Information Do We Collect?” with regard to sweepstakes/contests/promotions and children under the age of 13. To read about the steps we take to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of children's personal information, please see our section on "Safeguarding your Personal Information" (above).

2.   **Hubnetwork.com, Hubworld.com and Hubbub.com Contact Information**

Any personal information of a child that is provided by the parent/legal guardian or by the child under a one-time exception (as expressly described in this Policy) to Hubnetwork.com, Hubworld.com or Hubbub.com or any of The Hub Websites (excluding information provided to third party administered websites to which we link) is collected by the Website administrator, The Hub. The contact information for Hubnetwork.com, Hubworld.com and Hubbub.com is as follows:

Hub Television Networks, L.L.C.  
Attention: Hubnetwork Site Administrator  
2950 N. Hollywood Way, Suite 100  
Burbank, CA 91505  
240-662-2186  
 _[Website Administrator Email](http://corporate.discovery.com/contact/viewer-relations/)_

3.   **Disclosure of Children's Personal Information**

Please read the section titled "With Whom Do We Share Your Personal Information?" (above) for our policy on the disclosure of personal information collected from and about children under the age of 13.

4.   **Parental Access to Children’s Personal Information**

A parent who has already given us permission to collect and use his or her child's personal information can, at any time, do the following: (1) review, correct, or have deleted the child's personal information; and/or, (2) discontinue further collection or use of the child's personal information. To do so, please contact us by using the following link by clicking [_here_](http://corporate.discovery.com/contact/viewer-relations/)and be sure to include your child's name and email address, your name and email address, and the name of the site at which such information was collected. To make changes to your child's demographic information, you may also visit the online profile section of one of our sites. We will be happy to honor your request. 

This Privacy Policy was last updated on or about March 31, 2014.

_Back to start of The Hub Privacy Policy_
