> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nachofoto.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090621211041id_/http%3A//nachofoto.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Nachofoto : Terms of Use

## Collection of your Nachofoto information

The Website generally requests only a user name and password, although you can provide an e-mail address if you wish. If at any time the Website were to collect personally identifying information, such as your actual name, address, or telephone number, it would only be with your specific knowledge and consent. Your Nachofoto information may also include certain technical information gathered or received when you use Nachofoto. Some of the technical information that may be collected or received includes: the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows XP or Mac OS), CPU type (e.g. Pentium), your manner of connecting to the Internet (e.g., connection speed through narrowband or broadband access); Internet protocol address; other information about your geographic location; and the domain name of your Internet service provider. 

## How Nachofoto Uses Information Provided by You

Service Provider uses your user name and password to grant you access to and use of the Website. Your e-mail address will be used, at your request, to send you a copy of your user name and password. If you provide personally identifiable information, it will be used to provide you with the service you have requested. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services, and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs. We also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance or forums software, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the site that may be managed or participated in by third parties. In such cases, the information may be used by us and by such third party(ies), each pursuant to its own policies. We may also provide your information to our advertisers, so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests. While Service Provider will seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided, Service Provider does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties. There may also be occasion when we are legally required to provide access to our database in order to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings. In those instances, the information is provided only for that purpose. In addition, we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer, which may at times be able to identify you, for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, and to otherwise administer our Website. While your personally identifying information is used only as outlined above, we reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners. In addition, as our business changes, we may buy or sell various assets. In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by Service Provider, its parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold, assigned, transferred or acquired by another company, the information from and/or about our Website users may be among the transferred assets. 

## Cookies

You may have read about "cookies," nuggets of information that are placed by a Website in a storage place on your own computer. We may use cookies to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns on the site, to deliver editorial content, and to record registration and personalization information. For example, if you register on any part of the Website and are given the option to save your user name and password on your computer, we can provide this convenience to you by placing a cookie on your computer. Our cookies may contain personally identifiable information and such cookies may be shared with our affiliates and other companies. Some of our advertisers occasionally serve you cookies as well. We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers. We may also use advertising service vendors to help present advertisements on the Website. These vendors may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited, to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. In doing so, these vendors may collect non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other clickstream data. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by these advertising service vendors is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours, and Service Provider disclaims all liability in connection therewith. If you do not want the benefits of these advertising cookies, you may be able to opt-out by visiting <http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp>. If you don't want any cookies, your Web browser likely includes an option that allows you to not accept them. However, if you set your browser to refuse cookies, some portions of the Website may not function properly. 

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here. 

## Special Note for Parents

This Website is not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information on nachofoto.com. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 must get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before participating in any activity on this site. If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Website, they may get unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so. 

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

Nachofoto may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. 

## Conditions of Use

If you decide to visit Nachofoto website, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy or copyright and for any other related issues, is subject to this Privacy Policy and our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20090621211041id_/http%3A//nachofoto.com/terms-of-use.php), including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of California state law. You agree that this Agreement, as well as any and all claims arising from this Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, United States of America applicable to contracts made entirely within California and wholly performed in California, without regard to any conflict or choice of law principles. The sole jurisdiction and venue for any litigation arising out of this Agreement will be an appropriate court located in San Jose, California. This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. 
