> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the neptunlight.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130403200451id_/http%3A//www.neptunlight.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

FOR OUR COMMERCIAL CUSTOMERS  
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY ("PRIVACY POLICY" OR "POLICY") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING ANY WEBSITE ON WHICH IT IS POSTED ("SITE(S)"). BY USING ONE OR MORE OF THESE SITES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS POLICY, AS SUPPLEMENTED OR MODIFIED BY ANY "SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY POLICY" OR SITE-SPECIFIC PRIVACY TERMS THAT ARE POSTED ON A PARTICULAR SITE OR ARE SPECIFICALLY AGREED TO IN A SEPARATE DOCUMENT BY THE SITE OPERATOR.

* * *

Neptun Light, Inc. ("Operator"), is the operator of this Website ("Site"), although software, hosting and other functions may be provided by Operator's service providers ("Service Providers"), and other companies which are affiliated with Operator ("Affiliates") or merely in a business relationship with Operator ("Business Partners"), each of which may also provide content on the Site or sell or provide goods or services on the Site or advertise or link on the Site. This Privacy Policy describes the type of information Operator and its Affiliates and Service Providers collect from visitors to the Site, what we do with that information, and how visitors can update and control the use of information provided on the Site. This Privacy Policy does not necessarily describe information collection policies on other sites, such as separate sites operated by our Business Partners that we do not control. This Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time and without further notice. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new terms. If you do not agree to abide by these new terms or any future terms, please do not use the Site. Operator's Service Providers, Affiliates and Business Partners are intended third-party beneficiaries of this Privacy Policy. The Site is not directed to children under 13 years of age, and children under 13 years of age shall not use the Site to submit any individually identifiable information about themselves.  
What Type of Information Do We Collect? You are welcome to browse some portions of the Site without becoming a registered user. For some services or areas on the Site, we will ask that you register if you have not already done so and provide us with information about you and/or your company such as name, job title, email address, phone number and other types of identity and contact information which enable us to provide services and information to you. Once we provide you with a user name and password you will be able to access other parts of the Site.  
If you use services or tools available through the Site, we may ask you to provide further information, including but not limited to financial information, equipment information, and other personal information. We may collect other personal information when you provide comments or participate in surveys.  
When you visit the Site, we collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Site. For example, we log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system and CPU speed, and the Internet Protocol address of your originating Internet Service Provider, to bring you the best possible service. We also record search requests and results to ensure the accuracy and efficiency of our search engine. We use your IP address to track your use of the Site. We also collect information provided by "cookies" stored on your hard drive. Cookies are small data files containing a unique identifier so that we can recognize you each time you return to the Site, and which keep track of the pages you view on the Site and which services you use. This information allows us to provide more tailored and user-friendly services.  
We also collect aggregate information about the use of the Site, including which pages are most frequently visited, how many visitors we receive daily, and how long visitors stay on each page.  
Changes in Terms Operator may change this Policy from time to time, with notice given to those completing a registration process ("Registered Users"). Your continued use of one or more of the Sites or submission of information through them after any changes constitutes your acceptance of the changes. If you do not agree to abide by these or any future provisions of the Policy, do not use the Sites and do not submit information through them.  
How Do We Use the Information We Collect? The information we collect from and about you and your company may be used in the following ways, among others: to fulfill orders and requests; to provide quote information in response to requests; to process, execute and monitor orders; to notify you and third parties of the status of orders; to prepare drawings, product configurations or productions; to provide you with information about offers or products we believe you will find useful; or to notify you of updated information, changes to the Sites, or new products and services that we think might be beneficial to you or your business. We also may combine information you have provided to us in communications offline with the information you have given us online, to, among other things, provide a more customized experience for visits to the Sites.  
By visiting the Site and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that due to the international dimension of our company we may use the data collected in the course of our relationship for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, for the purposes identified in our other communications with you, or to provide the information to other Neptun Light businesses and selected third parties which may be outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, such data may be stored on servers located in other jurisdictions. By providing us with your data, you consent to the transfer of such data.  
As our services evolve, the types of information we collect may change. Please check this Privacy Policy frequently for the most current explanation of our data practices.  
We may use demographic and Site usage information collected from visitors to, among other purposes, improve the usefulness of our Sites and to prepare aggregate, non-identifying information used in marketing, advertising, or similar activities. From time to time, some information may be purged from our systems in our sole discretion.  
With Whom Do We Share Information? We may provide the information we collect about you and your company, including your e-mail address or other identifying information, to our Affiliates and to third parties, including manufacturers, suppliers or others involved in the distribution chain to provide the products or services that have been requested. We may provide aggregate statistics about visitors, Site transactions or other Site activity.  
We may disclose information about you or your company if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal process; to respond to claims; or to protect the rights, property or safety of Operator or others.  
How Is Your Information Protected? Access to information stored on our systems, including order forms or requests for quotes submitted through the Sites, and billing information and account status information accessible through the Sites, is controlled by firewalls and other security measures.  
Your transmission of some technical or financial information to us is secured through encryption only within certain areas of the site. Likewise, all order forms or requests for quotes submitted through the Site, and billing information and account status information accessible through the Site, are secured via encryption.  
While we strive to protect your personal or company information by encryption and other means, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of the information you transmit to us, and if you choose to use the Site, you do so at your own risk. Additionally, in providing your information over a public or third party network, you do so at your own risk.  
Please keep in mind that the information disclosed by you on the Site -- for example, information you may provide to others on bulletin boards or in chat rooms that may be available on the Site -- can be collected and used by visitors to the Site.  
Opting Out, Accessing Or Changing Information Operator maintains customer information, including order history and Site usage data, for a length of time appropriate to our business needs. You may contact us to correct or update any personal identifying information that you have submitted to us, or should you have questions about information maintained by us. If you operate in the European Union or other jurisdictions that provide access rights under law, you may access your personal information or have it corrected or updated in accordance with applicable law by contacting us. In some jurisdictions, you may be charged a reasonable fee for access to information. You can opt out of receiving information about non-Operator activities, products or services and/or opt out of having your data provided to third parties for marketing purposes by contacting us at : service@neptunlight.com  
Special Provisions for Our European Users If you are an individual resident in a Member State of the European Union, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect, use and disclose your personal data as described in this Privacy Policy, or any amendments hereto. You further acknowledge and agree that we may transfer your personal data outside of the European Union for purposes described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.  
Questions or Concerns? Please feel free to contact us at: service@neptunlight.com if you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about Operator's collection of your information.

* * *

FOR OUR CONSUMERS  
NEPTUN Light, Inc (“NEPTUN”) is sensitive to your privacy issues on the Internet. We believe it is important you know how we treat the information about you which we receive via the Internet.  
OUR GENERAL POLICY When it comes to consumer data collected electronically, NEPTUN strives to provide notice, choice, access and security-in precisely the ways described below. In general, you, as an existing or new consumer-customer, can visit NEPTUN on the World Wide Web without saying who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses. This information may be aggregated on a "no names" basis to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. NEPTUN uses this data to measure the use of, and improve the content of, our sites.  
HOW YOUR CONSUMER DATA MAY BE USED There are times when NEPTUN may collect information from you, such as your name and street and/or e-mail address. When information is requested, we will try to let you know, at the time of collection, how we will use it. Usually, the personal information we collect is used only to respond to your inquiry, process an order, allow you to access specific account information, or advise you of special promotions, discounts and updates. Individual information may be shared within the NEPTUN family of companies to better serve our customers' interests and needs. Occasionally, we may make e-mail addresses available to our carefully selected business partners--other reputable organizations or companies (both NEPTUN and non-NEPTUN) whose products or services we believe you may find interesting or useful. If you register with one of NEPTUN 's websites online, we may use this information to provide you with custom information about NEPTUN's offering in support of your business needs. Technologies such as "cookies" or "web trackers" may be used to provide you with tailored information. A cookie is a tiny element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize when you return. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Other new and innovative technologies which may enable us to customize our offerings to better meet our consumers' needs may be used if and as they become available.  
NON-CONSUMER COMMUNICATIONS NEPTUN engages regularly in electronic communications with persons and entities other than consumer end-users. This includes communication with business entities with whom NEPTUN has an existing or prospective business relationship and their employees or agents. In order to avoid possible confusion, the privacy options set forth below are not meant to apply to communications generated in the "business-to-business" or B2B environment. In addition, communications utilizing NEPTUN-provided computer equipment and/or e-mail addresses are considered non-consumer usage and are therefore not encompassed by the NEPTUN Privacy Policy.

* * *

WAYS TO PROTECT YOUR PRIVACY   
1.    If you receive solicitations for products or services not of interest to you, promptly notify the solicitor that you do not want to receive any further unwanted solicitations.   
2.    Remove your name from many national mailing and telephone solicitation lists by contacting the Direct Marketing Association and asking them to add your name to their "Do Not Solicit" files. You may contact the DMA at http://www.xmarks.com/site/www.dmaconsumers.org/cgi/offmailing or by writing to Direct Marketing Association, Mail Preference Service, P. O. Box 9008, Farmington, NY 11735-9008.   
3.    Only provide your personal data to companies whose brands you know and trust and whose privacy policies are clearly disclosed for you to read.   
4.    Spam, or unsolicited bulk e-mail, can be reduced by avoiding the following practices:   
-       Posting to an online service or any Internet bulletin board.  
-     Posting in a use net newsgroup or mailing list.  
-     Spending time in chat rooms or with an online service that displays your address.  
-     Including yourself in an unprotected online service members directory.  
-     Opening any attachments to unsolicited e-mail.  
-     Signing up for a "removal service" - you may be adding your name to a spammers list.   
     5.   Pro-active anti-spam steps you can take include: Be careful about replying to spammers, -- it only confirms your active e-mail address.     
     If you can confirm their address, send spammers a certified letter instructing them to stop all further e-mails. Open a second e-mail account for     
     "public postings" such as newsgroups or chat rooms. Check whether your browser is disclosing your address--if so, reset.   
SECURITY STATEMENT In an effort to make your visit both efficient and safe, all transfers of credit card and personal information via this site meet NEPTUN's rigorous Internet security standards.

* * *

A FEW CAUTIONARY POINTS   
•    CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE: THIS SITE IS NOT INTENDED FOR PERSONS UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE. BY ENTERING THIS SITE, USERS REPRESENT THEY ARE 13 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.   
•    There may be some lag time in implementing your privacy choices, possibly up to several weeks, during which time you may continue to receive NEPTUN or third party communications.   
•    Your Privacy selections relate to NEPTUN only-you may still receive communications from other NEPTUN companies or third parties due to your personal contacts with those companies.   
•    Your Privacy Selections are "prospective only" and apply only to future on-line communications.   
•    Occasionally, our site may contain electronic links to other sites. If you chose to go to those sites, their Privacy Policy and Privacy Preferences (if any) will apply, not NEPTUN.   
•    Changes to this Policy: Please check this privacy policy periodically to inform yourself of any changes. Although we reserve the right to modify or supplement this privacy policy, we will provide notice to you on this Web site of any major changes for at least 30 days following the change.   
•    Effective Date of this policy: November 30, 2009   
 
