> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the neptune-sonar.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150523180304id_/http%3A//www.neptune-sonar.co.uk/contact/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Neptune Sonar Ltd

_This privacy policy was last updated on 24th May 2012._

Neptune Sonar Limited respect your right to privacy and comply with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003.

The purpose of this privacy statement is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting this website. If you do not agree with this Website Privacy Statement you should not use this website. By visiting and using this website, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Statement.

### **Section 2. Types of Information Collected**

When you access our services, we retain two types of information:

**Personal Data**  
This is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you.

**Non-Personal Data**  
Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website.

This Non-Personal Data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website. This website uses Google Analytics and other web analytics software which uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by us and in some cases our partner systems. We will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

We may also transfer this information to third parties, only when required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on our behalf.

The cookies which we currently have for you are set out below:

[cookies]

### **Section 3. Purposes for which we hold your Information**

We hold different type of data for different purposes, and this section explains the differences.

**Non-Personal Data  
**We use the Non-Personal Data gathered from visitors to our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our website. As part of our commitment to continuous improvement of our services, we may use aggregated non-personal data to inform decisions to modify the website.

**Personal Data  
**We will process any Personal Data you provide to us for the following purposes:

  1. to contact you in relation to your sales queries, sales orders, sales transactions and refunds;
  2. to provide you with information regarding our services;
  3. to respond to any queries you submit to us;
  4. to provide you with information of other related services offered by us or our business partners.
  5. to send you newsletters, alerts, notifications or other forms of communication in relation to site services and products



### **Section 4. Disclosure of Information to Third Parties**

We may provide Non-Personal Data to third parties, where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our website. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our website, the demographic breakdown of our community users of our website, or the activities that visitors to our website engage in while on our website. The third parties to whom we may provide this information may include potential or actual advertisers, providers of advertising services (including website tracking services), commercial partners, sponsors, licensees, researchers and other similar parties.

We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless the third party is required to fulfil a service you have requested (in such circumstances, the third party is bound by similar data protection requirements). Any third party we disclose the information to will use it for the purposes of delivering the service in question unless you have agreed otherwise.

We will disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.

### **Section 5. External Links to Third Party Websites**

Our website contains links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other websites using the links provided, the operators of those websites may collect personal information from you which will be used in accordance with their respective Privacy Policies which you should read. We are not liable for the practices of such third party website operators in respect of your personal information and therefore you choose to access third party websites at your own risk.

### **Section 6. Security**

Your Personal Data is held on secure servers hosted by our Internet Service Provider. The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your Personal Data.

### **Section 7. Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data**

You may inform us of any changes in your Personal Data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly. To find out what Personal Data we hold on you or to have your Personal Data updated, amended or removed from our database, please email [info@neptune-sonar.co.uk](mailto:info@neptune-sonar.co.uk).

### **Section 8. Changes to the Website Privacy Policy**

Any changes to this Website Privacy Statement will be posted on this website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use Personal Data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Website Privacy Statement, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.
