> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jokes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-11-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051105053519id_/http%3A//www.comedycentral.com/help/privacy.jhtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Comedy Central - Help

  
| 

  


EFFECTIVE: August 4, 2005

PRIVACY POLICY/YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

This is the official Privacy Policy for ComedyCentral.com, the official website for Comedy Central, a cable television and internet programming service (the "Comedy Central Site," "Site," "we," "us," and "our"). The Comedy Central programming service is owned by Comedy Partners, a wholly-owned division of MTV Networks ("MTVN"), which is a division of Viacom International, Inc. (collectively, "Parent Companies"). This Privacy Policy governs only the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") collected by this Site and does not cover any such information collected for any other purpose, any other Comedy Partners or MTVN programming service, or by its Parent Companies, corporate affiliates, or any other company, unless specifically stated. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not participate in the Site's online activities and services that require you to provide your Personal Information. (The type of Personal Information collected is listed below.) This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference as part of our [Terms of Use Agreement](https://web.archive.org/help/terms.jhtml) which sets forth the terms and conditions that you may access this Site. Your continued participation on this Site indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and of the collection, use, disclosure, management, and storage of your Personal Information as described below. We may from time to time, transfer or merge any Personal Information collected off-line to our online databases or store off-line information in an electronic format. We may also combine Personal Information we collect online with information available from other sources, including information received from our corporate affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, promotional partners, or marketing companies. This Privacy Policy covers all such Personal Information and will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of the Site. We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting without advance notice to you. Such revisions shall be effective to you immediately upon posting. Therefore, we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy often.   
  
We gather certain Personal Information that you provide to us, some passively and some actively, and we want to ensure that all users of the Comedy Central Site are aware of exactly how and for what purpose that your Personal Information is being used. We believe that the information you provide to us is essential to your enjoyment and successful use of the Comedy Central Site. Our collection of your Personal Information enables us to provide you with a personalized web experience, and assists our sales team and advertisers in efficiently reaching an appropriate audience. The information we request is the minimum we believe necessary to achieve this goal.  
  
_YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS_

Residents of the State of California that have an established business relationship with a company conducting business in California, under a new provision of the California Civil Code, have the right to request from that company a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed Personal Information to during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if the company has a privacy policy that gives either an Opt-out or Opt-in choice for use of Personal Information by third parties (such as advertisers or certain affiliated companies) for marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options. ComedyCentral.com qualifies for the alternative option; it has a comprehensive privacy policy and provides you with details on how you may either Opt-out or Opt-in to the use of your Personal Information disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Therefore, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information for marketing purposes during the preceding year. If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us and wish to receive information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices you must send a request to the following address with a preference on how our response to your request should be sent (email or postal mail). Send email requests to our Privacy Administrator at [**privacy@comedycentral.com**](mailto:privacy@comedycentral.com) or you may contact us via postal mail at: 

**comedycentral.com  
1775 Broadway  
New York, NY, 10019  
Attn: Your California Privacy Rights c/o Privacy Administrator **

**For requests sent via email, you must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field of your email. All requests sent via postal mail must be labeled "Your California Privacy Rights" on the envelope or post card and clearly stated on the actual request.** For all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. (Your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email. Please include your zip code for our own recordkeeping.) **We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile**. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information. To all other users of this Site, if you have other questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Administrator at [privacy@comedycentral.com](mailto:privacy@comedycentral.com) or:

**comedycentral.com  
1775 Broadway  
New York, NY, 10019  
Attn: Privacy Administrator**

GENERAL PRIVACY INFORMATION  
This Site is offered and made available only to users 18 years of age or older who reside in the United States of America (U.S.). If you are not yet 18 years old, or do not reside in the United U.S., please discontinue using the Site immediately, or if, for any reason, you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please discontinue using the Site immediately. This Site is designed and targeted to U.S. audiences and is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. We make no representation that this Site is operated in accordance with the laws of, or governed by, other nations. By your participation in our Site activities, you certify that you are at least 18 years of age and a resident of the U.S. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the U.S. and you participate in activities on this Site contrary to our policy that only U.S. residents are eligible for certain activities, you do so at your own risk and initiative, and are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. Please be aware that any Personal Information you transfer to us will be transferred to the U.S and subject to U.S. law. By using this Site, participating in any Site activities, and/or providing us with your Personal Information, you consent to this transfer of Personal Information to the U.S., and waive any claims that may arise under your own national laws.

All users of the Site are required to provide true, current, complete and accurate Personal Information when prompted and we will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false, fraudulent, or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

1\. What data does Comedy Partners collect?  
1\. To access the Comedy Central Site, you do not have to provide any Personal Information. However, certain features of the Comedy Central Site do request Personal Information before granting access: 

a. If you wish to participate in the chat features offered on this Site, you will be asked to create a nickname or pseudonym and password to be used when logging into the chat room, as well as for your first and last name, e-mail address, gender, certification of age 18+, and zip code for registration purposes. Providing your real name is required and omitting this information in the registration form will not allow you to access the chat features. Your real name will not be disclosed to third parties, except for the circumstances detailed below in Section 3 under "What information does the Site share with third parties?" If you choose to post your real name, you acknowledge, understand and agree that we assume no responsibility for the collection, use or misuse of your name which would be publicly accessible information to other visitors to the Comedy Central Site. You will also be asked whether you want to receive information about Comedy Central and Site updates via e-mail. If you opt-in for this feature, you must provide a valid e-mail address during the registration process.

b. The Comedy Central Site maintains public message boards. Posting to these message boards requires you to register and provide your first and last name, e-mail address, gender, certification of age 18+, and zip code. Providing your real name is required and omitting this information in the registration form will not allow you to access the message board features. Your real name will not be disclosed to third parties, except for the circumstances detailed below in Section 3 under "What information does the Site share with third parties?" When posting to these message boards, we encourage you to do so under a nickname or pseudonym. If you choose to post your real name, you acknowledge, understand and agree that we assume no responsibility for the collection, use or misuse of your name which would be publicly accessible information to other visitors to the Comedy Central Site.

c. The Comedy Central Site has a newsletter distributed via e-mail. If you choose to subscribe to this feature, you must provide a valid e-mail address. Your e-mail address will be used for the distribution of the newsletter and any promotions or marketing that we feel may be of interest to you and will not be divulged to any third party, with the exceptions as detailed below in Section 3 under "What Information does the Site share with third parties?" To unsubscribe from our newsletter(s), please review our help section on newsletters.

d. Occasionally, we will request you to fill out a user survey. Such surveys are voluntary, but we hope that you will participate. User participation in surveys allows us to better understand the demographics and interests of our users. Your responses in combination with the responses of our other users help us to improve the Comedy Central Site and attract the valued sponsors and advertisers that help us bring you the features and activities you enjoy. If and when we choose to share user information collected from surveys, we will do so only in aggregate form such that a third party will not be able to identify any individual user.

e. We may occasionally run contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions sponsored by our advertisers, promotional partners and sponsors (collectively, "Advertisers"). To participate in such activities, we will request that you submit your first/last name, email address, age or birth date, and telephone number. If you are identified as a winner, we may also request your postal mailing address to be used to deliver your prize(s) and your Social Security Number for IRS reporting purposes if your prize is valued at $600.00 or more (U.S. dollars). We may disclose your Personal Information (except for SSN) collected from contests and sweepstakes entrants with Advertisers in connection with certain online contests and sweepstakes. In each such case, we will notify potential entrants when Personal Information will be supplied to a third party, and the identity of such third party, at the time entrant information is collected. Please see Section 3 under "What Information does the Site share with third parties?" below for more details.

f. If you contact us through the regular mail or via e-mail, we may keep a record of that correspondence. Any Personal Information contained in your communication will not be used for commercial purposes.

g. This Site collects the following Personal Information from interested persons that wish to submit questions to air on the "Too Late with Adam Carolla" late-night television show: first/last name, birth date, telephone number, city, state, and an email address. Users are also asked to select a "Topic" and submit their question or comment. The producers of the program will contact a person whose question is under consideration for airing on the television show by telephone to verify the identity of the person submitting the question and get background information. Only persons who are 18 years of age or older are eligible to participate on the television show and any person that we or a producer believes is underage will be terminated from any participation in this feature. 

h. This Site will offer co-branded services and features, which are events and promotions (for example, a contest) that Comedy Central puts together with another company ("Co-Branded Partner"). We will share your Personal Information with our Co-Branded Partner. Your voluntary use and/or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you have given your affirmative consent to both Comedy Central and our Co-Branded Partner to collect and use your Personal Information. If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner's future use of your Personal Information, you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly.

i. When you order products from us, we also collect Personal Information from you. If you order one of our products or services, we will collect and maintain your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information, order number, referring URL, IP address and a password. We collect this, and other information, as disclosed in this policy, in order to fill your order, to communicate with you about your order and to send you promotional materials. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes and additions to the information it contains. These changes will be automatically kept for future use. We use good faith efforts not to provide third parties with access to your individual account information, unless stated otherwise on the Site. We reserves the right to provide non-identifiable consumer data to third parties including, but not limited to, general statistics about pages viewed on our site, sales and other shopping information. 

2\. Certain non-Personal information is automatically collected from all visitors to the Comedy Central Site. This data includes your IP address, your computer's operating system, and the type of browser you use to surf the Internet. Your IP address tells us both your Internet Service Provider ("ISP") and the general geographic location you are connecting from. We may also use your IP address to track the date and time you accessed the Comedy Central Site, how long you stayed on the Comedy Central Site, and what pages you visited. If you have configured your browser with your e-mail address, this data may also be available to us.

3\. We use cookies on this Site. A cookie is a file transferred from a website to the hard drive of your computer so that the website may track your activities on the website. Cookies, by themselves, do not let a website know any Personal Information about you, such as your real name, address, etc., unless you previously provided that information at the website or have set your preferences in your browser to provide that information. Cookie technology allows us to keep track of your selections on the Comedy Central Site and to try to make sure that you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Cookies are also used to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so that you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Comedy Central Site. 

How do we protect the privacy of Children and Minors?

1\. We believe that it is particularly important to protect the privacy of children and minors online. We define a "child" as any person under 13 years of age and a minor is defined as any person under the age of 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children or minors. You must be at least 18 years of age to participate in certain activities on this Site that require the submission of your Personal Information. If we unintentionally receive Personal Information from children under the age of 13, we will comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA") and reject and destroy such correspondence upon knowledge of such collection, except for the limited circumstances below. For more information about COPPA, please see the Federal Trade Commission's website: [www.ftc.gov](http://www.ftc.gov/). Any false or fraudulent registration or entry from a child or minor will be deemed to be ineligible and will disqualify the child or minor from the receipt of a prize, benefit, or other participation.

2\. Except to meet Federal Communications Commission ("FCC"), or other regulatory and legal purposes, we will not collect, use, store, or disclose any child's Personal Information to a third party without prior parental consent.

How does the Site use your information?  
  
1\. In addition to delivering the features and activities you have registered for, we use the non-Personal Information passively gathered when you visit this Site and the Personal Information that you voluntarily provide in several ways:  
a. Your IP address is used to assist us in diagnosing problems with our server, to administer this Site and to provide general information to our Advertisers.  
b. We may use the information you provide to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users and to analyze how and where to invest our resources.  
c. We may use Personal Information voluntarily provided by you for Comedy Channel's promotional and/or marketing purposes.  
d. Demographic and profile data is used to tailor our users' experience at, directing users to content we think may be of interest to that user, and displaying content for which the user may have shown a preference.  
e. Both our internal sales team and outside advertising firms may utilize the information you provide us in aggregate form to better tailor your experience on the Comedy Central Site. Without the data collected, we would not know what the most popular regions of the Comedy Central Site are, nor would Comedy Partners be able to measure which promotions are successful. 

What information does the Site share with third parties?   
1\. We do not sell, rent, lease or disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated entities or entities that are not our Advertisers, except in limited circumstances. (See below) When we plan to disclose your Personal Information to Advertisers, we ask for your consent ("opt in") to do so, in which case their use of your Personal Information is subject to their own privacy policies. 

2\. We also have the right to disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the purpose of administering and maintaining services on the Site. These third parties are called operational service providers, the specialists that provide internal support to operations and activities and/or for Site design, development, hosting and operations including maintenance, management, storage and/or fulfillment of our membership and e-mail clubs, various contests, sweepstakes, services, events and online stores. We use operational service providers to efficiently provide the full range of content, activities and membership services we bring to you and we request that our operational service providers also protect your privacy and not disclose your Personal Information or sensitive Personal Information (such as credit card account numbers or social security numbers ("Sensitive Personal Information")) to third party marketers that are not associated with Comedy Central or the Site. Additionally, such providers are not to use your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information for their own marketing or promotional purposes.

3\. In addition to sharing your Personal Information with our operational service providers, we will disclose your Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information to others in the following limited circumstances: 

a. When we are compelled to do so by a law enforcement agency, court or other entity (e.g., to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process);  
b. If we believe your actions violate any law, regulation, our Terms of Use Agreement, this Privacy Policy, or any of our guidelines for promotions, product offerings or any other features or functions of the Site, or if you threaten the rights, property or safety of the Site, its Parent Companies, its operational service providers, Advertisers, other customers or users, or any other party;   
c. If, in our sole discretion, we believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, to protect our business and assets, to defend our interests and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations; or   
d. In the event of a bankruptcy, or a merger, acquisition, joint venture or other business combination involving us, or our Parent Companies. 

How do I opt-out, remove, change, or modify my Personal Information?  
You have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving commercial communications from us or terminating your registration at any time. To change or modify any Personal Information you have provided to us please do so through the member profile. To no longer receive newsletters from us, please review how to opt-out in our [help section on newsletters](https://web.archive.org/help/help.html#unsubnewsletters). To remove your name from the Comedy Central database entirely including, but not limited to, registration for comedycentral.com: Go to your [member profile](https://web.archive.org/members/my_account.jhtml) and simply click on link that says, "Click here to un-register from comedycentral.com" and confirm.   
  
The Site's Disclaimers   
1\. All users should be aware while using any service where you publicly disclose Personal Information online voluntarily, including in chat areas, on message or bulletin boards, or through e-mail, that such information can be collected and used by others. If you use these services on the Comedy Central Site and voluntarily provide any information on our bulletin boards or in chat areas, you do so at your own risk. It is also possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We cannot make any representations regarding the security of such transfer of information.

2\. We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting such changes on this page. You will be notified via e-mail of any material revisions to the Privacy Policy that will change the way your Personal Information is used or disclosed. 

Third Party Links.   
You should be aware that the Comedy Central Site contains links to outside web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices, business operations, or the content of such web sites. Our Site may contain advertisements, references and links to other web sites and organizations. We may also use third parties to display or serve advertising on the Site and our web-based newsletters. Often these third party Advertisers employ cookie and web bug technologies to measure advertising effectiveness. You should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection, use or disclosure of your information by third parties in connection with their advertisements, promotions and other web sites you encounter on the internet. The use of such technology by these third parties is within their control and not ours, and even if we have a relationship with the third party, we do not control those sites or their policies and practices regarding your information and we encourage you to investigate and ask questions directly of them in this regard.  
  
Protection of Your Personal Information.   
We maintain reasonable standards of security and confidentiality and request the same of our operational service providers. In this regard we limit access by our own employees to those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes.  
  
Contacting Us   
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact using the forms available [here](http://www.comedycentral.com/help/help.jhtml).

This Privacy Policy was last modified on August 4, 2005 and is effective immediately.

Copyright © MTV Networks, a division of Viacom International, Inc. 2005 - All Rights Reserved. Comedy Central is a registered trademark of Comedy Partners.
