> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adrenalads.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180816060947id_/https%3A//www.adrenalads.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Adrenalads.com: Premium Direct Navigation Content

This policy describes the information collection, use, and dissemination practices of Adrenalads.com, its subsidiaries and affiliates, (collectively referred herein as the “COMPANY”) and applies to the COMPANY's collection, use, storage and disclosure of information by the COMPANY on its adrenalads.com Sites.

1\. Personal Information Collected on this Website.

Visitors. While we do not collect personally identifying information such as your name, address, phone number, email address, gender, and age, we collect quasi-identifying or pseudo-identifying information necessary for our system to provide you with information responsive to your requests and for marketing purposes. The personal information collected remains your property, but by using this site, you grant the COMPANY the right to use that information for the purposes disclosed below. 

2\. No Information Collected from Children. Adrenalads.com Sites are general audience websites and is intended to be used by adults. The COMPANY does not knowingly solicit, collect, or attract personal information from or about children. Adrenalads.com Sites are not intended for children and the COMPANY does not want to collect any personally identifiable information from Users who are under the age of 13. The safety of children is very important to the COMPANY, and the COMPANY strongly recommends that parents review this Privacy Policy and understand its terms and conditions, so that Adrenalads.com Sites are used only by persons age 13 and over.

3\. How We May Use Your Personal Information. The COMPANY may use your personal information to provide the requested services, including services that display customized content and advertising. We may disclose, transfer, sell or lease your personally identifying information to third party businesses and to other entities affiliated with the COMPANY. Third party businesses may include providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation. We may also use such information for content improvement and feedback purposes. The COMPANY may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve our technologies and services. We may also disclose personal information to the extent necessary if the COMPANY is sold or acquired or otherwise deemed necessary or appropriate.

4\. Legal Proceedings. A The COMPANY may disclose your personally identifiable information pursuant to a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order, where required by law, or, at our sole discretion, where we deem necessary to protect the safety of any individual or the public or to prevent the violation of the rights of the COMPANY or any third party.

5\. Email and Unsubscribe Policy. The COMPANY does not collect your email address. We have no control over third party businesses that maintain separate databases from the COMPANY, so if you sign up for any services on a third-party website not controlled by COMPANY as a result of following an affiliate link from one of our sites, you will need to unsubscribe from each source individually, if desired.

6\. Security. The COMPANY uses industry standard security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our reasonable control. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on Adrenalads.com Sites in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee complete security. Further, while we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party hackers from illegally obtaining this information.

7\. Financial Information. We do not currently collect Financial Information, but may in certain cases collect credit card numbers, bank account numbers and other related information, such as the expiration date of the credit card ('Financial Information'). If this Financial Information is submitted to us, and such Financial Information is encrypted and is protected with SSL encryption software. We will use the Financial Information for purposes of processing and completing a purchase transaction with a third party using a link you clicked on, and the Financial Information will be disclosed to third parties only as necessary to complete the purchase transaction. This information will not be sold or distributed to third parties in any way.

8\. Anonymous Information Collected on this Website. We record anonymous data such as traffic logs, number of visits or clicks on a given page, pages viewed or links to our site. We use IP addresses and cookies for gathering website statistics. We also store IP addresses on our server in the event that a Adrenalads.com Site should become corrupted and it becomes necessary to discover the cause of this corruption. We aggregate this anonymous data as part of managing, maintaining and reporting on use of our Adrenalads.com Sites. We may share this anonymous data with third parties for the limited purpose of reporting on use of a Adrenalads.com Site, or to comply with applicable law. We do not rent, sell or share any anonymous data collected on this website with third parties for marketing purposes. None of this anonymous data is linked to personally-identifiable information and we make no attempt to link IP addresses to the individuals who visit this site.

9\. Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Info Collected Using Technology. We currently use cookie and web beacon technology to associate certain Internet-related information about an individual with information about the individual in our database.

10\. We use third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Adrenalads.com Site and sites upon which we advertise. These third-party advertising companies use information about your visits to our Adrenalads.com Sites and the sites upon which we advertise, to serve COMPANY ads to you. In the course of our advertisements being served to you, these companies may place or recognize their own unique third party cookies on your browser. In addition, we may use Web beacons, provided by some of our third-party advertising companies, to help manage our online advertising. These Web beacons allow us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website. 

  * a. Cookies. Cookies are small chunks of data created by a web server, delivered through a web browser, and stored on your computer. They provide a means for websites that you visit to keep track of your online patterns and preferences, as well as identify you as a return visitor. Cookies make the personalization of your web experiences possible, so that you do not need to re-enter your information from scratch upon each visit to a given website. 
  * b. Web Beacons. A web beacon is programming code that can be used to display an image on a web page, but can also be used to transfer an individual's unique user identification (often in the form of a cookie) to a database and associate the individual with previously acquired information about an individual in a database. This allows us to track certain websites an individual visits online. Web beacons are used to determine products or services an individual may be interested in, and to track online behavioral habits for marketing purposes.
  * c. Usage Tracking and Log Files. The COMPANY tracks information related to the web pages viewed by you, as well as the hyperlinks clicked by you while visiting our websites. Log files are used to track and monitor usage. 
  * d. IP Address. We collect your IP (Internet Protocol) address to help diagnose problems with our server. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. Your IP address is also used to help identify you during a particular session and to gather broad demographic data.



11\. Links to External Websites. Our emails and websites may contain links to external websites not owned or operated by the COMPANY (Linked Sites). You will be taken to external websites if you click on these links. Your information may be passed from the COMPANY's database to the external website, and/or external database, for your convenience (e.g. your information may be used to pre-fill a form at a destination website). You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such Linked Sites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to such Linked Sites. Consequently, the operators of Linked Sites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the Adrenalads.com Site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies on the Linked Sites. THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR THE ACTIONS OF, PRIVACY PRACTICES OF, OR INFORMATION CONTAINED ON OR COLLECTED VIA LINKED SITES.

12\. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS’ PRIVACY RIGHTS. Companies that collect personally identifiable information from California residents and disclose such information to third parties (including affiliated entities) for marketing purposes must, in response to a request by a consumer, either (1) provide a list detailing the categories of information shared and the entities to which such information was provided, or (2) provide a mechanism by which a consumer may opt-out of having their information shared with Third Parties. We have elected the second option and you may request to opt-out of any personal information being shared by emailing the following address: optout@adrenalads.com. In accordance with California Civil Code Sec. 1789.3, California resident users are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with California Department of Consumer Affairs, 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834; or by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210; or by email to dca@dca.ca.gov.
