> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adriannapapell.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190325193504id_/https%3A//www.adriannapapell.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Adrianna Papell

## Privacy Policy

Overview and Purpose. This Privacy Policy describes the personally identifiable information and data (“Personal Information”) Adrianna Papell LLC collects about you or your use of the APG Website [www.adriannapapell.com](https://www.adriannapapell.com/) (“APG Website” or “Website”) and how we use this Personal Information and when we share it with third-parties. This Privacy Policy applies to Adrianna Papell LLC (USA) and its parent, subsidiary and affiliate companies worldwide (individually referred to as “Adrianna Papell” and collectively as “APG” or “we” or “us” or “our”).

Please review the following Policy to understand how APG treats information that we collect from you when you are on the APG Website and/or when you use our products and services. If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at [customerservice@adriannapapell.com](mailto:customerservice@adriannapapell.com).

Intellectual Property. The APG Website www.adriannapapell.com contains copyrighted material, trademarks and other proprietary information including text, photos, videos and graphics. APG owns, or has the right to use intellectual property therein, including the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of the APG Website, and the publications contained therein or delivered thereby, as well as in the content original to it. No license to or right in any such copyrights, trademarks, patents, proprietary information, technologies, products, processes and other proprietary rights of APG is granted to or conferred upon you. You may not modify, publish, transmit, display, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit the content of the APG Website or any portion thereof. APG hereby authorizes you only to copy the content herein solely for your personal and private use in learning about, evaluating, or acquiring APG brand and its products.

Except where expressly noted, no other permission is granted to print, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, upload, download, store, display in public, alter, or modify the content contained on the APG Website. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on the APG Website may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and communications regulations and statutes. Any other use of materials on the APG Website including reproduction for purposes other than those expressly permitted herein, modification, distribution or republication, without prior written permission of APG is strictly prohibited. Any copy made by you as permitted herein must retain all copyright and trademark notices, including any other proprietary notices contained in the materials. The use of such materials on any other website or in any environment of networked computers is prohibited.

Scope of the Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to APG’s treatment of Personal Information that APG collects through the APG Website and when you use any of our services or buy our products. The Policy does not apply to the practices of companies whose websites may be linked to the APG Website. For access to the privacy policies of such linked websites, please refer to the information provided by such websites at their home pages. Also see the paragraph below under the heading "Hypertext Links."

International Customers (including EU citizens) and Shipments. In compliance with the laws of the EU and other applicable international laws and regulations, APG maintains separate policies and procedures to address its obligations concerning data collection and data privacy of our international customers. [Please see APG’s separate policy regarding our EU privacy obligations and your rights.](https://web.archive.org/web/20190325193504id_/https%3A//gdpr-policy.html) APG partners with Borderfree, Inc. to fill international orders. Borderfree will fully process your Personal Information and Personal Data with at least the same level of privacy protection consistent with APG’s policies and applicable laws and regulations.

Personal Information Collected and Use. APG collects Personal Information when you request information from us. On such occasions, we may ask for your name, email address, zip code and personal information concerning your interests, occupation, gender and other demographic information. APG also automatically receives and records information from server logs from your browser including “cookies” information relating to pages requested. (See our Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies Policy below for more details).

We do not seek to collect such information from persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any such information to us. If you are the parent or guardian of a person under the age of 18 who has provided such information to us, please inform us (through the APG Website or telephone number listed below) and we will remove such information from our database as described further below.

In addition, no person (of any age) is required to provide us with the Personal Information we request. If you do not wish to provide such information, you are free not to do so. When you provide us with information through the APG Website or other means, it is presumed by us to be voluntary and with your consent to the uses described herein. If after submitting Personal Information to us, you wish to "opt-out," please contact us as noted above and we will remove your information from our database as set forth below in the section titled "Managing Your Information." Please know that such a decision will not stop advertising or content that is generated prior to the time when we can accomplish the removal of your information.

APG may use the Personal Information you provide to us to customize advertising and content that we present to you and to enhance our product offerings. We may also use Personal Information to contact you concerning our services, promotions and new products. APG will not sell or rent your Personal Information to any third party except when:

  * You have been given an opportunity to "opt out" of sharing the information and have declined to exercise that right within the time period provided;
  * APG is required to must share such information to provide a product or service that you have requested, in which case we will require that any third party we use to fulfill your order agree that it does not have the right to use the Personal Information other than to fulfill your order; or
  * APG is required to respond to subpoena, court order or other legal process requiring such disclosure.



Hypertext Links. In the event the APG Website contains hypertext links to websites that are not created or maintained by APG, this privacy policy applies only to the APG Website and not to any of these third-party websites. We are not responsible for the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of those third-party websites. The inclusion of any link to such websites does not imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation by us of any third-party websites. APG disclaims any liability for links: (i) from another website to this website, and (ii) to another website from this website. Please be aware that these other websites may have different privacy policies which may subject you to different privacy practices. Please review the privacy policies of such other websites for information concerning what information is collected on such sites and how it is used. APG cannot guarantee the standards of any website to which links are provided on the APG Website, nor shall APG be held responsible for the content of those websites, or any subsequent links. For this reason, APG does not represent or warrant that the content of any third-party website is accurate, compliant with applicable state federal or international law, or compliant with copyright or other intellectual property laws. APG does not endorse the content of these third-party websites in any way. Also, we are not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked website. Any reliance on the content of a third-party website is done at your own risk, and you assume all responsibilities and consequences resulting from such reliance.

Managing Your Information. You are entitled to request access to and correction of all your Personal Information collected by us via the APG Website, as well as to require us to delete your data if you no longer want us to process it. You can make such a request or a related inquiry by sending an email to [customerservice@adriannapapell.com](mailto:customerservice@adriannapapell.com) or by calling 1-800-325-9450. Please note that there may be a small charge for making an access request or it may be free, depending on the circumstances. You can find out more details by emailing or calling us as provided above. We will keep your Personal Information as long as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this privacy policy. You may choose not to receive unsolicited marketing material from APG and you have the right to request deletion of your APG Website account information, subject to our need to keep appropriate archives of our business operations.

Information We Collect from you on the APG Website and How We Use This Information. You may choose to provide Personal Information (such as name, contact details and payment information) through the APG Website and through the other channels described below. Please be advised that all of this information provided by you constitutes Personal Information covered by this Policy. Here are the ways you may provide the information and the types of information you may submit:

  * Shopping. You may want to purchase our products on the APG Website. To process your purchase, we ask for your name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, email address and payment card information. We use this information to process your purchase, confirm your order and deliver the items to you. If you give us permission, we may also use your contact information to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions.
  * Gift Cards. If you purchase an item or gift card on the APG Website or ask us to deliver your purchase to someone else, we ask for the recipient's name, postal address and email address. We use this information to send the gift card or item to the recipient. If you ask us to do so, we also may use this information to notify the recipient of your gift before it arrives.
  * My Account Feature. You may be able to create an account on this website. To do so, we ask for information such as your name and email address. You also may provide your age and gender. Through the "My Account" feature, you can store billing and shipping information so you will not have to enter it again when you make another purchase on this site. You can also store payment card information and details of your past purchases. You can save your credit card information on your account for faster checkout. To use this feature, we ask you to provide your credit card information and the corresponding billing address. You can also use the "My Account" feature to create a “wish list” of products you want and share your wish list by email with your friends, family and others. If you choose to share your list, we ask for your name and email address and the recipient's email address. This information is used only to email your list to your desired recipients. You can create and save an address book on your account. You can delete entries in the address book at any time. APG will not use or disclose the information you delete from your address book.
  * Surveys, Sweepstakes and Promotions. On the APG Website, you may be able to participate in surveys, sweepstakes and other promotions. If you choose to participate in these promotions, we may ask you for your name, email address, postal address and telephone number. We use the information you provide to administer our contests, sweepstakes and other promotions. We also may use the information to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions, but only if you have given us your consent to do so.
  * Electronic Newsletters. You may be able to sign up on the APG Website to receive electronic newsletters and promotional emails from APG, including new ideas, special offers and event information. To sign up, we may ask you for your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, age, gender, shopping preferences and email preferences. We use this information to send you communications about our products and services, notices of new arrivals and invitations to specials sales and events at stores located near you. We also use this information to tailor our newsletters to reflect your preferences. You can choose at any time not to receive marketing emails from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link within our marketing emails or by emailing [customerservice@adriannapapell.com](mailto:customerservice@adriannapapell.com). You also may use the email preferences section of the "My Account" feature to opt out of receiving marketing emails or to specify which, if any, communications you would like to receive from us. There is no charge to you to unsubscribe.
  * Mobile Marketing. You may be able to sign up to receive communications about our products and services through your mobile device by submitting your mobile telephone number online or by texting us. If you sign up for mobile communications, we will send you information about our products, services and promotions via text message. Depending on the terms of your mobile phone contract, you may incur charges for receiving and sending text messages on your mobile device. APG is not responsible for these charges.
  * Blogs. You may be able to submit comments to blogs we host on the APG Website. You may include personal information in your comment, and you also may submit your name with your comment. We use your name to identify you as a commenter.
  * Email to a Friend. You may be able to share certain content from the APG Website with your friends. To send information to your friends, we will ask for your email address and that of your friends. We will use this information only to fulfill your request. We do not retain the information you provide in connection with this feature, except to send the requested content. We will not include any advertisements within the messages sent to your friends.
  * Contact Us. If you communicate with us through the “Contact Us” link on this Website, we may ask you for your name, email address, zip code and telephone number. We will use this information to respond to and communicate with you about your questions and comments.
  * Other APG Website Features. We offer visitors to the APG Website various features for their information and enjoyment, which we may change from time to time. We may ask you to submit certain Personal Information so we can provide you with these features and send you communications about our products, services and promotions.



Information We Automatically Collect. We obtain certain information by automated means when you visit our Website, such as the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet and the pages accessed. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our Website to our visitors and understand what products and services you may prefer. We collect this information through various means, such as "cookies" and "web beacons." Both APG and our service providers may collect this Personal Information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites from the following additional means:

  * “Site usage information” includes, but is not limited to: (i) your browser type, device type, carrier (if applicable), device address, operating system, operating system address, IP address and the domain name from which you accessed the website; (ii) information about your region, continent, country, city, zip code, time zone, and general location; and (iii) information about your browsing activities on and through the APG Website (also known as “click stream” data or “website usage” data), such as: (a) the date and time you visit our Website, (b) the areas or pages of our Website that you visit, (c) the amount of time you spend viewing the APG Website or specific areas or pages of the APG Website, (d) the number of times you return to the APG Website or a specific area or page on the APG Website, (e) the websites or pages you visited prior to visiting the APG Website, (f) the websites or pages you visit after you leave the APG Website; (g) searches you have performed on our Website and on other websites that led you to the APG Website; (h) social plug-ins with which you have interacted on the APG Website; and (j) other similar website usage data.
  * We consider website usage information, on its own, to be non-personal in nature, unless required otherwise by applicable law. However, we may combine general website usage information about you with your Personal Information, and we would consider the combined information to be “personally identifiable” or “Personal Information” for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
  * “Cookies” is a small data file that is sent to your web browser and placed on your computer or device when you access a website. The cookies are then able to track your activities on the APG Website and across other websites. Cookies also allow APG (and our service providers) to: (i) track your activities on the APG Website; (ii) track clicks, purchases and conversion; (iii) recognize your computer or device so that you are able to save your preferences and stay logged into the APG Website without having to re-enter your Account credentials; (iv) deliver customized content, messages and advertising to you; (v) preserve the contents of your shopping cart; (vi) optimize and measure the effectiveness of APG’s advertising and email campaigns; (vii) provide and enhance APG Website security and fraud detection; (viii) enhance, monitor and analyze APG Website usage; (ix) conduct research to improve our content, merchandise and services; and (x) personalize your experience on the APG Website.
  * Most web browsers enable you to decline or block cookies (check the “Help” or “Settings” menus of your browser to learn more). While you are free to decline cookies, doing so may prevent you from taking full advantage of all features of the APG Website. Refusing cookies may also negatively impact the display or functionality of certain areas of our Website.
  * By continuing to use the APG Website, you consent to our use of “cookies” as described in this Privacy Policy. 
  * “Web Beacons and Tags” (also known as “clear GIFs” or “pixel tags”) are typically one-pixel images that are embedded on a page of the APG Website or in our communications, such as an email message. These technologies help us to verify when a certain page of Website is viewed, when a message is opened and when links or other content in a message are clicked or viewed. We use the information collected through web beacons, tags and other similar technologies for similar purposes as the information collected through cookies, as described above.
  * “Flash Cookies/Local Shared Objects” and other similar technologies (referred to herein as Local Shared Objects or "LSOs"), which allow a website to store certain information locally on an individual's computer or device and then access and use that information to enhance and facilitate certain website experiences, processes and functionality. Flash cookies and other LSOs are different from typical browser cookies (as described above), and therefore the cookie management tools provided by your web browser may not enable you to remove flash cookies or other LSOs.
  * Web Analytics. We use third party web analytics services, such as Google Analytics and Adobe services, to help us track and analyze the use of the APG Website and to measure the effectiveness of our advertising, site content and communications. These service providers’ tools, including, for example, cookies, tags and web beacons, help us to gain this understanding. To opt out of this use by Adobe, please [click here](http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html), and to opt out of this use by Google Analytics, please [click here](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en).
  * Cross-Device Tracking. Additionally, APG participates in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op to better understand how you use the APG Website and apps across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. Learn more about how Adobe does this and available privacy controls.



_Phishing, Spoofing & Other Schemes_. It has become increasingly common for hackers, cyber-criminals and other unauthorized individuals to send emails and other communications to consumers purporting to represent a legitimate company, such as a bank or an online retailer, and requesting through those communications that the consumer provide personal, often sensitive, information. Sometimes, the domain name of the sender’s email address, or the domain name of the website requesting such information, may appear to be the domain name of a legitimate, trusted company. If you receive a request to provide sensitive information or Personal Information such as your account password, or any payment information via email or to a website or individual that does not seem to be affiliated with the APG Website or APG, or that otherwise seems suspicious to you, please do not respond or disclose your information. APG will never send you an email requesting that you verify any credit card information, financial information or other sensitive personal information.

Should you receive such suspicious communications or requests for information, please immediately report any such communication or request to us at [customerservice@adriannapapell.com](mailto:customerservice@adriannapapell.com).

Additionally, APG works with customs authorities, law enforcement and legal representatives globally in an effort to prevent the sale of counterfeit APG products, both online and offline. To avoid the risk of purchasing counterfeit products, it is best to buy directly from the only official APG Website (www.adriannapapell.com), or an authorized department store, specialty retailer or e-retailer that you know to be reputable. To report counterfeits, please email [customerservice@adriannapapell.com](mailto:customerservice@adriannapapell.com) 

Security. APG maintains reasonable standards of confidentiality and security for this Website and app and the Personal Information collected from the APG Website. The Personal Information you provide is secured using industry standard e-commerce security technology. APG restricts its own employees’ access to the Personal Information. However, it is possible that someone may intercept or access communications, transmissions and/or Personal Information. You must also seek to protect against unauthorized access to any passwords and/or accounts that you use in connection with the APG Website, and you should remember to log off of the APG Website a once you have completed your activities on there or if you have decided to step away from your computer. In the event that APG determines that there has been a security breach resulting the unauthorized disclosure of Personal Information to a third party, we will notify consumers whose Personal Information has been so disclosed by posting such information on the APG Website, but also, if email contact is possible, then APG would send an email advising of the status.

PCI Overview. The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) is a security standard which at Tier 1 Certification and compliance ensures unbeatable security and protection of sensitive customer information including credit cards. The requirements for Tier 1 Certification include:

  * Security management policies;
  * Security policies;
  * Security procedures;
  * Network architecture;
  * Software Design;
  * Critical Protective Measures.



Websites go through a rigorous independent audit and significant investment to attain Tier 1 PCI DSS certification. The purpose is to ensure that their customers' data is as safe as possible when they purchase products online.

Olapic User Submissions. You may post or upload content you have created, including without limitation, photographs, your social media handle, videos, and comments (collectively, “User Submissions”) to your social media accounts. By posting and/or uploading User Submissions to AdriannaPapell.com or that you have tagged with #adriannapapell or @adriannapapell or other Adrianna Papell brand hashtags or mentions on social media platforms including Instagram, Facebook or Twitter, you grant to APG, its third-party service providers who provide content management services, and APG’s retail partners (collectively, the “Licensed Parties”) the perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully-paid, non-exclusive, transferable right to use your Adrianna Papell tagged User Submissions in any manner to be determined in the Licensed Parties’ sole discretion including, but not limited to, on their webpages, social media pages operated by APG and in other marketing, promotional and advertising initiatives, in any media now or hereafter known. APG may use, display, reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works from, combine with other materials, alter and/or edit your User Submissions in any manner in its sole discretion, with no obligation to you whatsoever. You grant the Licensed Parties the right to use your username, real name, image, likeness, caption, location or other identifying information in connection with any use of your User Submissions. You hereby represent and warrant that (i) you own all rights in and to your User Submissions, (ii) you have permission from all person(s) appearing in your User Submissions to grant the rights granted herein; (iii) you are not a minor, and (iv) the Licensed Parties’ use of your User Submissions as described herein will not violate the rights of any third party or any law. You hereby release, discharge and agree to hold Adrianna Papell the Licensed Parties, and any person acting on APG or their behalf harmless from any liability related in any way to the Licensed Parties’ use of your User Submissions.

Modifications to the Privacy Policy. APG may make modify, revise and/or amend this Privacy Policy and other related policies and processes from time to time. In the event that we make changes in the way we use Personal Information or this policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the APG Website or sending you an email. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you the APG Website after such changes have been first posted.

Questions or Concerns. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us a detailed message to [customerservice@adriannapapell.com](mailto:customerservice@adriannapapell.com). We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
