> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adrive.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231114551id_/http%3A//www.adrive.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ADrive | 50GB Free Online Storage, Online Backup, Cloud Storage

  |  | 

(Last Updated: April 8, 2009)

This Privacy Policy statement discloses ADrive's information sharing practices and is incorporated into and is subject to the ADrive Terms of Use. By entering into the Agreement, you expressly consent to ADrive's use and disclosure of Your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

**a.   Information Collection and Use.** ADrive is the sole owner of the information collected from its Users. Except as required by law, subpoena or court order, ADrive will not sell, share, or rent this information to others except as permitted by this policy.  
**b.   Registration.** In order to use ADrive's services, Users must first complete a registration form, which requires providing ADrive certain information. This information is used to identify the specific User utilizing ADrive's services. The User may provide optional identifying information, demographic information, and unique identifiers to enable us to provide a more personalized experience on the site.  
**c.   Storage Data Providers.** The Storage Data Provider must provide contact and other identifying information on the submission form. This information is used to enforce ADrive's Policy Against Copyright Infringement and its Terms of Service.  
**d.   Cookies.** A cookie is a piece of data stored on the User's hard drive containing information about the User. Cookies identify the User for our database, but provide no information other than that which You have already provided ADrive. For instance, by setting a cookie on this site, the User would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on the site. If a User rejects the cookie, they may still use the site. The User, however, will be limited in some areas of the site. Cookies can also enable ADrive to track and target the interests of the Users to enhance their experience on the site. Some of ADrive's business partners use cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) on the site for purposes such as serving ads and measuring advertising effectiveness. ADrive, however, has no access to or control over their use of these cookies and is not responsible for the data collected through these cookies, or how any such collected data is used or shared by ADrive's business partners. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous.  
**e.   Log Files.** ADrive uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track User. IP addresses are linked to personally identifiable information for security and operational purposes only.  
**f.   Correspondence.** ADrive may retain correspondence from Users for tracking purposes only and, except as required by law or to assist in enforcing the Agreement, will not use it for any secondary purpose or to send You unsolicited electronic mail.  
**g.   Use of Personal Information.** ADrive will not give, sell, rent, share, or trade any personal information about You to third parties or provide Your personal information, including your name or electronic mail address, to third parties except as required by law, subpoena or court order. ADrive may disclose Your username, name, address, electronic mail, and other personal information as it believes necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation for fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other illegal activity as well as dispute resolution and enforcement of the Agreement. ADrive will share aggregated demographic information with its partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.  
**h.   Metadata.** By your use of ADrive's service you grant a non-exclusive, sub-licensable license to ADrive for any and all rights in the identifications, descriptions, or other metadata you have provided in connection with Your Storage Data. ADrive reserves the right to rent, sell or otherwise share this metadata with other entities at its discretion.  
**i.   Links.** This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that ADrive is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our Users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy statement applies solely to information collected by ADrive on the ADrive web site.  
**j.   Security.** ADrive uses available best practices to protect our Users' information. When ADrive asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is protected with SSL encryption software for transmission to ADrive. All of our Users' information is restricted in our offices. Only employees or contractors who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.  
**k.   Privacy of Other Users.** Your use of other Users' personal information obtained through ADrive is strictly limited to communications related to Your use of ADrive's services that are not unsolicited commercial messages and any other purpose that a User expressly opts into after adequate disclosure of the purpose(s). In all cases, You must give Users an opportunity to remove themselves from Your database and a chance to review what information You have collected about them. In addition, except as defined in this section, you can not disclose personal information about another User to any third party without ADrive's consent and the consent of such other User after adequate disclosure.  
**l.   Special Offers.** ADrive may occasionally send information on products, services, special deals, or a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of the Users, ADrive presents the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see ADrive's Choice / Opt-Out provision below.  
**m.   Site and Service Updates.** ADrive may send its Users site and service announcement updates. Users are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. ADrive communicates with the User to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via electronic mail or phone.  
**n.   Correcting/Updating Personal Information.** If Your personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), ADrive will endeavor to provide a way to correct or update the personal data You provided to it. This can usually be done at the Account Information page or by electronically mailing our Customer Support at support@adrive.com.  
**o.   Choice/Opt-out.** You may opt-out of having Your information used for purposes not directly related to ADrive's services at the point where we ask for the information. Users who no longer wish to receive promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying with unsubscribe in the subject line in the electronic mail or electronic mail us at support@adrive.com.  
**p.   Notification of Changes.** If ADrive decides to change this privacy policy, it will post those changes so Users are always aware of what information ADrive collects, how it uses it, and under which circumstances, if any, it is disclosed. If at any point ADrive decides to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, ADrive will notify You by way of electronic mail. You will have a choice as to whether ADrive may use Your information in this different manner. Otherwise, ADrive will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.  
**q.   No Warranties.** Due to technical, legal and practical limitations, ADrive cannot warrant and does not guarantee, and You should not expect, that all of Your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. ADrive may disclose information to governmental authorities or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. You authorize ADrive to disclose any information about You to law enforcement or other government officials as ADrive, in its sole discretion, believes necessary, prudent or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, or other activity that is illegal or may expose ADrive to legal liability.  
**r.   Advertising.** We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).   

