> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the utmost.org privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151206141632id_/http%3A//ourdailybread.org/policy/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Our Daily Bread Ministries

_Effective: January 15, 2015_

Our Daily Bread Ministries (“ **ODB** ”, “ **we** ”, or “ **us** ”) values the privacy of our Web site visitors. We have created this privacy statement in order to disclose the information we collect through our websites and mobile applications (collectively “ **Site** ”), and how we gather, use and disseminate this information. This privacy statement applies to all domains associated with ODB.

**PRIVACY STATEMENT**

Information collected on this site will be used according to the following guidelines:

  1. **Personal Information Policy.** ODB maintains a strict ministry-wide policy that we will never sell, rent, or otherwise give your private information to other persons or organizations, commercial or non-profit. The only exception would be to comply with the law, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of ODB, our users, or others. Any personally identifiable information (name, address, telephone number(s), and/or e-mail address) that you submit to us is used only for the purpose for which it was given.
  2. **Collection and Use of Personal Information.** Depending on how you use the Site, we may ask you to share personally identifiable information (“ **Personal Information** ”) with us. It is your choice whether you share any Personal Information with us, however some parts of the Site may not be available without sharing Personal Information. Personal Information includes any information that identifies, or can be used to identify, contact or locate you. Some examples of when we ask for and collect Personal Information include: 
    1. **When creating an ODB account.** When creating an account you will provide your e-mail and mailing address and may also elect to provide preferential and interest-based information. This allows us to send you updates, contact you regarding announcements, system updates, new ministry products and offerings, and other information.
    2. **Contact Us.** We use Contact Us forms located on various areas of the Site to allow you to contact us directly with any questions, comments, or requests you may have. This information is used to respond to your questions, comments, and requests. We may also file your comments to improve the Site and program, or review and discard the information.
    3. **Email Registration.** You have the opportunity to receive regular emails from ODB. When signing up for email you may be asked to provide Personal Information (including email address, name, country, and preferences). Information provided will be used to deliver email to you, personalize your experience and to improve and enhance what we offer. We only send emails to users that have opted-in to receive our mailings. If at one time you signed up for email but no longer wish to be a part of that email list, you may unsubscribe by clicking Unsubscribe within the email.
    4. **Mobile Apps.** We offer various apps for mobile devices, including phone and tablets. Full access to all the features within the applications (including commenting, journaling, and bookmarks), will require the creation of an account.
  3. **Logged Files and Cookies.** When you log onto the Internet, your ISP automatically assigns an IP address to your computer. Web servers identify your computer by its IP address, and we use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, to administer the Site, and to constantly improve the value of the materials available on the Site. 
  4. **Information Collected.** We collect information from you in several different ways on the Site. One goal in collecting Personal Information from you is to provide an efficient, meaningful, and customized experience. ODB may collect Personal Information from all who purchase products offered in connection with ODB.org, ODB Ministries, or any of its publishing divisions. Any Personal Information you choose to share with ODB is used to (a) deliver products and services; (b) analyze and monitor visitor and customer activity; (c) promote and support the products and services offered; (d) help plan the future development of the Site and the products and services offered; and (e) develop a knowledge base regarding Web site users and customers. To deliver you the product(s) or service(s) you requested, we may need to disclose Personal Information to any of our global ODB offices and affiliates. 
    1. We have entered into agreements with trusted agents and business members who provide support services and equipment necessary for ODB and its ministry associates to provide their products and services. We may share data with these trusted agents and business associates. For example, if you make a purchase from us, the information you provide will be collected by our processing agent, and your credit card information will be provided to our credit card processor so that we can complete the sale. Please do not submit information that you do not wish to have shared.
    2. We collect anonymous 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests) through Google Analytics. We use this information to improve and personalize the Site. We may also use this information to identify opportunities to tailor content to an audience(s).  
Occasionally, we may request user feedback via surveys. This information will be used entirely by us to improve our products and services.
    3. We may contact you about updating your personal details to enable you to be aware of additional products or services.
    4. ODB and DHP are non-profit ministries supported by the gifts of faithful friends and members. We do not send any direct gift solicitations to our contacts or anyone on our mailing list. However, we maintain the right to change this gift solicitation policy in the future as directed by the ODB governing board.
  5. **Security.** Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority at ODB. We use commercially reasonable means to protect the integrity of the Site and the confidentiality of collected data. Our employees and authorized volunteers are aware of our privacy and security policies and your information is only accessible to those employees and authorized volunteers who need it in order to perform their jobs. However, we cannot provide absolute assurance against, and will not be liable for, any breaches of confidentiality due to system failures or unauthorized access by third parties.
  6. **Restrictions.** The Site is intended for users who are 18 years of age or older. If you are not 18 years of age or older, do not submit any information to us.
  7. **Update User Information.** Upon request, reasonable access to Personal Information will be provided within 60 days of request at no cost to the user. If access cannot be provided within that timeframe, we will provide the user a date when the information will be provided. If for some reason access is denied, we will provide an explanation as to why access has been denied.
  8. **Links.** The Site may contain links to other Web sites not owned or managed by ODB. These links do not mean we endorse or approve those Web site’s policies toward visitor privacy. We encourage you to visit these Web sites to learn about their privacy policies as theirs may differ from ours. We encourage you to read the privacy statement of any Web site you may visit.
  9. **Message Boards and Comments.** Any information that is posted to message boards, chat rooms, comments, or the like on the Site becomes public information. The viewpoints expressed in these comments are solely those of the individual commenting and are not endorsed by us and don’t represent the opinions or beliefs of ODB. ODB is not responsible for any unacceptable language or topics discussed, but we will do everything we can to assure that these areas are monitored and that the appropriate topics are discussed.
  10. **Updates to this Policy.** We reserve the right to update this privacy policy at any time. Changes will be posted on this Site with an updated effective date. Please check our site periodically to see the current policy.
  11. **Acceptance.** Use of the Site will constitute the user’s acceptance of this privacy policy and any updates thereto. If you have any questions or complaints about any uses of data, or about this statement in general, you may contact us by using the Contact Us form on the Site or by writing to us at the following address:

> > Our Daily Bread Ministries  
>  3000 Kraft Ave. SE  
>  Grand Rapids, MI 49512

  12. **ODB Terms and Conditions of Use**
    1. Any dispute relating to the ODB Privacy Policy shall be governed by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, as well as those set forth in the [Terms and Conditions ](http://ourdailybread.org/policy/terms-and-conditions/)of Use of Our Daily Bread Ministries Web Site.
    2. **Jurisdiction.** THESE TERMS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED ACCORDING TO THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MICHIGAN, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES. ODB AND THE SUBSCRIBER AGREE THAT ALL DISPUTES AND LITIGATION REGARDING THESE TERMS AND MATTERS CONNECTED WITH ITS PERFORMANCE OR RELATING TO THE USE OF THE WEB SITE AND INFORMATION SHALL BE SUBJECT TO, AND THEY EACH CONSENT TO JURISDICTION AND VENUE IN, THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS IN MICHIGAN. USE OF THE SITE IS UNAUTHORIZED IN ANY JURISDICTION THAT DOES NOT GIVE EFFECT TO ALL PROVISION OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THIS SECTION.



_Last updated: January 15, 2015_
