> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fig.co privacy policy that was archived on 2015-09-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150906093542id_/https%3A//www.fig.co/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fig: Videogame Crowdfunding | Investment for Indie Developers

Loose Tooth Industries, Inc. d/b/a Fig.com (“Fig,” “us,” “our” or “we”) is a technology platform (“Site”) that permits (i) prospective investors to independently search and invest in securities offerings on the Site and (ii) individuals to support game development by contributing money in exchange for a reward. As explained below, we collect information from you (“you”, “your”, or “user”) in various ways when you interact with our Site. By using our Site, you consent to our collection and use of information as explained in this Privacy Policy and any subsequent modifications, and you agree to be bound by our Terms of Use. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you must not use this Site. Please note that if you choose to invest in any prospect, project, or offering advertised on our Site, you may be required to agree to a separate agreement, including, but not limited to, new or additional privacy policies or terms of use.

This Privacy Policy explains what information will be collected by Fig when you use our Site and related services, how your information will be used, and how you control the collection and correction of information. Fig will treat all information in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless you have otherwise given express consent, which consent may be withdrawn at any time by notifying us via our contact form on [help.fig.co](https://help.fig.co/), however, Fig may use or disclose your information when we believe it is necessary for purposes of a court order or other valid legal process.

We respect your right to privacy and we understand that we have an independent obligation to comply with applicable law and regulation that governs the collection of personal information, and that personal information must be collected by lawful and fair means.

Loose Tooth Industries, Inc. d/b/a Fig is a corporation incorporated in Delaware and has its principal place of business at 368 Clementina Street, San Francisco, CA 94103.

## Collection of Information

Fig collects non-personally identifiable information from you regarding your usage of our Site (“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”). Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that alone cannot be used to identify or contact you. Non-Personally Identifiable Information which we store in our log files may include, without limitation, Site pages viewed, sites visited before coming to our Site, browser type, operating system, organization name, presentation and videos viewed, time spent viewing pages of our Site or using certain features of our Site, demographic data such as server locations, clickstream data, cookies existing on your computer, search criteria used and results, date and time of access or visits to our Site, frequency of visits to our Site, connection speed, location services and other information which does not specifically identify you. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you.

We and our service providers collect this information using various technologies such as: first and third party cookies, beacons, session variables, log files, browser plug-ins and add-ons, and JavaScript. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the Site, tracking users’ movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by such service providers on an individual as well as aggregated basis.

We use cookies for authentication, session management and personalization of user experience. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Site may be limited.

This Privacy Policy does not cover the collection of information by cookies or other methods by third parties, such as our business partners. Any information submitted by you to a third party will be controlled by that third party’s privacy policy. We do not control how these third parties collect information or by what means such third parties may use their own cookies to collect information about you. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information.

We may partner with a third party to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this Site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may contact us via our contact form on [help.fig.co](https://help.fig.co/) to withdraw or change your consent to use of your information for the purposes of interest-based advertising. Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.

Fig also collects information from you when you create an account, send us an email through the Site, or make an investment or contribution through the Site, which may enable us to identify you personally (“Personally Identifiable Information”), including information you provide in forms or upload to the Site, as well as information which may also be contained on server logs, such as your Internet protocol (“IP”) address.

Types of Personally Identifiable Information may include, without limitation: (1) your name, home address, email, phone number, date of birth and personal description; (2) tax ID number or social security number, as applicable, and citizenship status; (3) business name, address, email and phone number, names of owners and management, if applicable; (4) balance sheets, profit and loss statements and other financial data, if applicable; (5) bank account information, average bank balance, bank statement, credit card number and tax returns; (6) responses to questions answered during the profile creation; and (7) any images and video provided.

Personally Identifiable Information may be supplemented with other information, including Non-Personally Identifiable Information and personally identifiable information from third party sources. Types and uses of such third party sources may include: (1) services used to verify identity and backgrounds; (2) services used to verify “Accredited Investor” status as defined in the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms); and (3) credit bureaus used to analyze creditworthiness.

## Use of Information

Fig will use information you provide consistent with this Privacy Policy. Fig will use information you provide to us, including Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Personally Identifiable Information, to better serve you and enhance your experience with the Site, among other things. This may include having to modify or copy such Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Personally Identifiable Information, or other information such as images or textual content you provide, in order to provide you with a seamless and enjoyable experience.

Fig will use Non-Personally Identifiable Information and Personally Identifiable Information: (1) to market our products and services to you; (2) to provide services and products requested by you; (3) to serve advertisements on our Site; (4) to enable our vendors and contractors to provide and assist us in the marketing, operation, troubleshooting and analysis of our Site and other services; (5) to analyze data to send more targeted messages to you or other users of our Site; (6) to conduct research and analyze data to improve our products, services, and Site; (7) to deliver email messages like special offers, updates, newsletters, customer service, and service announcements; (8) to comply with and meet any regulatory requirements for the offer or sale of securities required by law, rules or regulations; (9) to protect our Site or its users; (10) to engage in any other lawful activities we believe are consistent with the foregoing; and (11) when required by law such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process or to protect against legal liability and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. We may provide any of these services through third parties, which may necessitate sharing Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Personally Identifiable Information with them.

In addition to other uses described in this Privacy Policy, the Personally Identifiable Information will also be used to facilitate activities such as: (1) maintaining communications; (2) carrying out regulatory checks, including working with third party service providers to verify “Accredited Investor” status; (3) verifying identity, including working with third party service providers; (4) working with third parties to process payments and other transactions; or (5) posting a user profile on the Site, which will include Personally Identifiable Information which may include your name, accreditation status and photo (if provided).

Fig may make certain information, including Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Personally Identifiable Information, available on its Site and visible to other users of or visitors to the Site. For instance, subject to certain preferences and permissions as to visibility you will be allowed to make, information you provide about yourself in response to questionnaires on our Site may be made available to others such as information concerning your status as an “Accredited Investor”. As such, other users of our Site may be able to personally identify you based on your information made available on our Site. As a further example, if you utilize Third Party Services to log into our Site, other users to whom you may be connected to through such Third Party Service may be able to view or follow information about you, including Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Personally Identifiable Information, on our Site.

Fig employs or contracts with other third parties, companies, or individuals to perform certain functions or services on its behalf. Examples of these services from such third parties, companies, or individuals, may include ID verification, “Accredited Investor” verification, electronic document signing, payment storing and processing, sending postal mail and e-mail, escrow services, disbursement of funds, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, and providing customer service. As such, these third parties, companies, or individuals may have access to your information, including Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Personally Identifiable Information, needed to perform their functions or services, and may not use it for other purposes.

Fig may also use and disclose Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to help us to carry out certain internal functions such as information management, account processing, client services, or other data collection relevant to our business; to investigate and help prevent potentially unlawful activity or activities that threaten the integrity of our Site or network; to protect and defend our rights or property or the rights or property of others; as required by courts or administrative agencies; and in connection with a financing, sale, merger, or reorganization of Fig’s business or assets. Any successor in interest to our business would acquire the information we maintain, including Personally Identifiable Information, and may alter the terms of this Privacy Notice.

Fig does not and will not sell any of your information, including Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Personally Identifiable Information, to any third party for purposes of advertising, soliciting, or telemarketing. We may, however, have to disclose your information, including Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Personally Identifiable Information, to other companies or entities in the event that Fig may be sold or is sold to another company or entity. In that case, your information, including Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Personally Identifiable Information, may be sold or transferred to such acquiring company or entity.

## Third Party Websites and Services

The Site contains links to other websites and services not maintained by Fig. In addition, other websites and services may also reference or link to the Site. We encourage you to be aware when you enter or leave our Site, or surf the Internet, and to read the privacy statements of each website and service that you visit. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of, other websites or services.

## Messaging

The Site permits users to communicate with other users posting information on the Site. We may read, collect and analyze information transmitted between users for regulatory compliance and marketing purposes. However, as explained in our Terms of Use, we rely on the affirmations of investors that they are “Accredited Investors.” We do not guarantee that information provided by Site visitors or investors is accurate or complete. Fig assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of its Site.

## Opt-out Policy

We may at times send you e-mail communications with marketing or promotional materials. If you prefer not to receive such marketing or promotional e-mails from us, you may unsubscribe completely by contacting us using our contact form on [help.fig.co](https://help.fig.co/) or you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails.

Please note that opt-out requests may take up to one (1) week to process. Please also note that at times we may need to send you e-mail communications that are transactional in nature such as service or termination announcements or payment confirmations which are communications you will not be able to opt-out of.

You will be able to access, update and modify the information concerning your account by visiting your Profile page and editing any information in your Profile. You will be able to change your e-mail address, password, contact information, privacy settings or other login information by visiting your account’s settings page subject to our Site policy. If you wish to suspend your account or need help modifying account information, including changing your status as an “Accredited Investor”, please contact us using our contact form on [help.fig.co](https://help.fig.co/).

If you would like us to remove, or provide additional access to, any Personally Identifiable Information from our database, please send a request via our contact form on [help.fig.co](https://help.fig.co/) and you will receive a response within one (1) week.

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

Through your account settings you will be able to set certain preferences and permissions regarding the visibility of your information, including Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Personally Identifiable Information, to others. You may stop or restrict the placement of Fig’s cookies, Google’s cookies and third party cookies on your computer by adjusting your web browser preferences or a “Do Not Track” setting in your web browser. If you do so, you may still use our Site, but this may interfere with some of its functionality.

We are not responsible for removing your Personally Identifiable Information from the lists of any Third Party Services or other third party who has previously been provided your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Social Media Widgets

Our Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook “Follow Us” button, and widgets, such as the “Share This” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

## Security

We use reasonable efforts to secure access to Personally Identifiable Information in our possession, but will not be liable for any failure to safeguard such information, whether inadvertent or otherwise. Personally Identifiable Information is considered highly confidential. We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of personal information. With respect to administrative safeguards, access to Personally Identifiable Information is limited to Fig personnel and authorized third parties who have a legitimate need to know. We conduct employment background checks, and we regularly train our personnel on security protocols. With respect to technical safeguards, we utilize up-to-date firewall protection and high-quality antivirus and anti-malware software. We perform an ongoing risk assessment and adjust protocols. We protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. Wherever appropriate, we obfuscate and/or encrypt information in our systems and/or during information transfer. We also employ session timeouts. With respect to physical safeguards, we store all sensitive financial information is stored in a highly secure data center, with physical safeguards such as security guards, access badges, and a video monitoring system.

Personally Identifiable Information is also stored with third parties who have informed us that they also use reasonable efforts to secure access to Personally Identifiable Information, but we will not be liable for the failure of any third party to safeguard Personally Identifiable Information, whether inadvertent or otherwise. We utilize third party service providers who may store on their servers social security numbers, addresses, financial information, electronic signatures, and payment information. For your security, we display only the last four digits of your social security number or tax ID number and bank account information when confirming an investment or contribution.

It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to log off when finished using a shared computer.

## Children’s Privacy Policy

The Site is not intended for use by children, especially those under eighteen (18) years of age. No one under eighteen (18) years of age is allowed to use the Site, provide any personal information or receive our email distributions. We do not knowingly solicit or collect Personally Identifiable Information from anyone under eighteen (18) years of age. If you believe that a minor has disclosed Personally Identifiable Information to Fig, please report this to us immediately by contacting us via our contact form on [help.fig.co](https://help.fig.co/).

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to our Site. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on our Site prior to the change becoming effective. You should review this Privacy Policy regularly for changes, and can determine if changes have been made by checking the effective date below. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept such changes.

## Applicable Law and Jurisdiction

The Site is maintained in the United States of America. By accessing the Site, you consent to and authorize the export of Personally Identifiable Information to the United States of America and its storage and use as specified in this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy shall be governed by, construed and entered in accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable to contracts deemed to be made within such state, without regard to choice of law or conflict of law provisions thereof. All disputes with respect to this Privacy Policy shall be brought and heard either in the state and/or federal courts located in the county of San Francisco, California, United States. You consent to the in person am jurisdiction and venue of such courts. YOU HEREBY WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATING TO, THIS AGREEMENT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on August 8th, 2015. Please check back regularly for updates to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us via our contact form on [help.fig.co](https://help.fig.co/).
