> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the figis.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-04-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060428035524id_/http%3A//www.figis.com/orderinfo/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Figi's - Privacy Policy

| | **Introduction**

**This policy was last updated and posted on May 27, 2004.**

Figi’s Inc. is a part of the Crosstown Traders, Inc. family of catalog businesses which also includes Arizona Mail Order Company, Inc.; Bedford Fair Apparel, Inc.; LM&B Catalog, Inc.; and Monterey Bay Clothing Company, Inc. We offer quality products to our customers under such titles as Figi’s, Gift Gallery, Figi’s Business Services, Family Farms, and Madison & 29th. . Figi’s Inc. is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizes the need for appropriate protection and management of the personally identifiable and personal information you share with us.

This privacy policy will tell you what personally identifiable information and personal information we may collect from our customers, how we may share this information, and how you can limit our sharing of your information. "Personally identifiable information" and "personal information" mean any information by which you can be identified, such as your name, address, telephone number, etc. 

Figi’s Inc. is a member of the Direct Marketing Association. As a part of our commitment to your privacy, we support and adhere to the guidelines and practices adopted by the Direct Marketing Association's "Privacy Promise to American Consumers." Accordingly, we have agreed to (1) provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information exchanges with other marketers; (2) honor customer requests not to have their information transferred to others for marketing purposes; and (3) accept and honor customer requests to not receive solicitations from the Crosstown Catalogs.

**Collection of Information**  
Generally, our customers can visit our web site without providing or revealing any personal or personally identifiable information. We receive and store certain types of information whenever visitors interact with our web site. We may track the internet domain address from which our customers visit our web site and analyze this data for trends and statistics. Unless a visitor to our web site voluntarily provides personal information to us, each individual customer remains anonymous.

We receive and may store certain personal information that our customers enter when visiting our web sites or provide to us in other ways. For instance, we collect the information you provide to us when you place an order, register with us, send an e-mail or call us, enter a sweepstakes or contest, subscribe to a service, enroll in a club, request to receive a catalog, or participate in a promotion. This information may include your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, product purchases, birth date, gender, occupation, personal interests, and other similar personal or preference data that you provide to us. It may also include information you submit about other people such as the name and address of a gift recipient. Whether or not you provide such information to us is completely your own choice. If you would rather not provide certain information that we may request via our web site, please contact us at 1-715-387-6311.

**Cookies**  
Our web site uses "cookies." A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, estimate the number of visitors to our web site, track visits to and sales at the stores referenced on our web site, process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze our customers’ visiting patterns. You can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. We do not use cookies to store any of your personal or financial information on your computer.

We use third party companies to help us gather data to assist us in improving your shopping experience and the quality of our web site. Some of these companies may use cookies on our behalf to conduct this analysis. For example, we are currently under contract with Omniture to help us track and analyze statistical information from our customers to improve the quality of our web site and to administer our web site more efficiently. All such third parties, including Omniture, are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner except to help us to provide you with the products and services available on our web site. For more information about Omniture and its privacy policy, please go to: [www.omniture.com](http://www.omniture.com/). Please note that the information which may be collected by these third parties is not personal information, only general summaries of our customers’ activities. 

**Using Information About You**  
We use personal and/or personally identifiable information you provide for our internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order, subscription or registration, analyzing trends and statistics, informing you of our new products, services and offers, and providing you with information from and about our catalogs and web site. From time to time, we may also work with other organizations whom we believe are trustworthy and offer products or services that may be of interest to you. In such instances, we might share limited information (such as your name and postal address) that we have collected from you, including personally identifiable information, so that such organizations may contact you with offers that may interest you. Be assured, however, that we will not share your information with these organizations if you have requested that we refrain from doing so.

On our web site, we may provide links to other web sites which are not part of the Crosstown Traders family. While we select these associations carefully, we are not responsible for the security and privacy policies or practices of the web sites accessed through these links and you should refer to these web sites for their respective privacy and security policies. You access such linked sites at your own risk. Nonetheless, be assured that we will not share your e-mail address with these web sites unless you have asked us to do so. To serve you better, we may combine the information you give us online, through our catalogs, publicly available information, and information we receive from others. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes.Also, we may contract with third party service providers to provide certain services for our business, such as credit card processing, computer system services, shipping, data management, or promotional services. We provide the information needed for these service providers to perform these services. The information we provide may include some of our customers’ personal and personally identifiable information. However, these service providers are not authorized to use any of the information we share with them for any purposes other than to provide services to us. Additionally, we require the service providers to confirm that their privacy and security policies and practices are consistent with ours. 

We may share information that we have collected with governmental agencies and other organizations assisting us in fraud prevention or for investigative purposes. We may do so when permitted or mandated by law; trying to protect against or prevent fraud; attempting to prevent unauthorized or improper transactions; or investigating fraud or improper conduct that has already taken place. In these instances, the information is not provided to these agencies or organizations for marketing or any other unrelated purposes.

**E-mail Privacy**  
We will not sell, rent, or trade your e-mail address with any third party. We believe that your e-mail address is personal and should be kept that way. We use your e-mail address to provide better customer service and to be able to inform you of the internet offers and promotions you have requested.

 **Editing, Updating, Correcting and Deleting Information About You**  
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive any e-mail promotions from us, you can remove yourself from this list at any time by e-mailing us at [customerservice@figis.com](mailto:customerservice@figis.com) and typing "remove me from your e-mail list" in the body of the e-mail message. If you prefer not to receive any catalogs from us, you can remove yourself from this list at any time by sending a letter to: Mail Preference Service, Figi’s Inc., 3200 South Maple Avenue, Marshfield, WI 54404 -2000, in this letter please ask us to remove you from our mailing list and include your full name and mailing address. If you would like to update or correct your e-mail address, mailing address or other personal information with us please contact us the same way.

From time to time, we may also work with other organizations whom we believe are trustworthy and offer products or services that may be of interest to you. In such instances, we might share personal information that we have collected from you, including personally identifiable information, so that such organizations may contact you with offers that may interest you. Be assured, however, that we will not share your personal information with these organizations if you have requested that we refrain from doing so.

If you do not want us to share your personal information with other organizations, please contact us via e-mail at [customerservice@figis.com](mailto:customerservice@figis.com) or write us at Mail Preference Service, Figi’s Inc., 3200 South Maple Avenue, Marshfield, WI 54404 -2000, and provide your full name and address and specifically ask us to not share your personal information with other organizations. Although we will stop sharing your personal information with other organizations following receipt of your request, please note that sometimes these requests may take up to 6-8 weeks to be effective, particularly if your name was already included in existing postal mailings.

If some or all of the business assets of any Crosstown Traders company are sold or transferred, we generally would transfer the corresponding information regarding our customers and visitors. We also may retain a copy of that information. 

**Protecting Children**  
Our web sites are general audience sites and are not directed to anyone under the age of thirteen ("Children"). We do not seek to solicit information from Children. If Children submit information to us and we know that the individuals submitting the information are indeed Children, we will delete the information as soon as we discover it, we will not use the information for any purpose, and we will not disclose the information to third parties. We urge parents and guardians to participate in their Children's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise Children's access to the internet.

 **Security**  
Because we all benefit from secure online shopping, we have taken steps to build and manage a system that you can use with confidence. We use sophisticated encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of the personal information that you share with us. The personal information you provide to us is preserved behind a "firewall", instead of being directly connected to the internet. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Once we receive your transmission, we have appropriate security measures in place within our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the personal information you have provided to us. We urge you to keep your password for our web sites in a safe place and not divulge it to anyone. Also remember to sign off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit to any of our web sites. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or internet cafe. **Policy Changes**  
From time to time, our information practices may change. If we modify our privacy policy, in whole or in part, to address these changes, we will indicate when such changes are made by posting a notice at the beginning of our privacy policy page on our web site. Those changes will be effective as of the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web sites and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. We may change or add to this policy so we encourage you to review it periodically. 

**Your Suggestions**  
To help us improve our privacy and security policies and practices, please give us your feedback. Also, if you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at Figi’s Inc., 3200 South Maple Avenue, Marshfield, WI 54404 -2000 Or call us at 1-715-387-6311. Or e-mail us at [customerservice@figis.com](mailto:customerservice@figis.com)  


|   
---|---|---
