> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the agrisupply.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-05-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080511200330id_/https%3A//www.agrisupply.com/agri-supply-privacy-policy/a/7) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Agri Supply® Privacy Policy - Agri Supply

## The information we collect, and what we do with it. 

Our customer's privacy and security is very important to us at Agri Supply. We may periodically make needed/important changes to our policy as seen here, of which changes will be included on this page for public access. It is each customer's own responsibility to review this policy frequently and remain informed about any changes made to it, so please visit often. This posted current version of our privacy policy is effective as of _December 27th, 2007_. 

We only collect personal information when you place an order through our web site or mail order center, mailed, phoned or faxed, or you visit one of our retail locations; when you request a copy of our catalog; when you subscribe to our email newsletter; or you initiate contact with us yourself. Our web site retains, for a variable-length period _(up to five days)_ , encrypted, shopping cart activity and order information, and visitor domain. 

At Agri Supply, one of our top priorities is making sure that the information we have about you is protected and secure. Our web site and back end software complies with CISP guidelines. A copy of our VeriSign Certificate may be viewed from the footer of our site. We value our relationship with you and work hard to preserve your privacy and security. 

We automatically recognize consumer's domain, but we do not automatically collect email addresses. [We only collect those email addresses provided to us by their owner](https://www.agrisupply.com/email-privacy-policy/a/85/). We collect information of those who communicate with us, or who have placed orders through us, hit counts per page, general geographical location, and browser usage of viewers, for statistical purposes to help aid us in making our website a better place for our customers. 

**WE COLLECT INFORMATION:** When you communicate with us, the information we may collect from you is used to the extent of the need for communication with you, and not used in any other format. When you make a purchase from us, the information we collect is used for the purpose of fulfilling your order, and held on file for future purchases by you, to allow for a viewable order history online of your unique purchases. When you opt-in to receive our physical and/or electronic promotional mailings, your information is used only to the extent covered in our Privacy Policy and Email Privacy Policy, and for no other reason. 

Should you at any time wish to stop receiving our printed catalog being mailed to your physical address, or our email newsletter and/or targeted promotional pieces coming to your email inbox, please let us know. You may opt out of either catalog or emails when you call us toll free **1-800-345-0169**. You may opt out of the catalog by emailing us at [info@agrisupply.com](mailto:info@agrisupply.com). You may opt out of the email newsletter and promotional mailings by emailing us at [ascmailadmin@agrisupply.com](mailto:ascmailadmin@agrisupply.com). There is also an unsubscribe link found in every promotional email and newsletter we send out. And you may use our [Customer Communication](https://www.agrisupply.com/agri-supply-customer-communication/a/98/) page at any time to opt out of our catalog and/or newsletter as well. Your privacy is our priority! 

## In respect to cookies we may place on computer, and why. 

We do use and set cookies on your computer to: **1)** Store visitor preferences so you do not repeatedly have to reset them **2)** Record session information, such as items that you may add to your shopping cart so that you may return later to continue your order rather than have to begin again **3)** Record user-specific information on what pages you access or visit so that we understand better your interests and can show you more relevant products **4)** Ensure that you are not repeatedly sent the same prmotions. 

## In respect of security measures. 

We have all appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. We do not share information that we have about your purchasing activities with anyone except in response to subpoenas or for other verifiably legal reasons. The law permits us to share information about our current and former customers with government agencies or authorized third parties under certain legal circumstances. 

**Our eComm Provider's Statement:** _"We use 3DES encryption on both the credit card number and expiration date. When a customer enters a credit card number (through SSL encryption) the web page passes that number to a procedure that encrypts it before putting it into the database. The credit card number is decrypted only when the client downloads their orders through the admin tool. It is never decrypted into a database field. We use SSL, SFTP or file encryption when transferring credit card data to the client's fulfillment system. The encrypted credit card data is wiped from our database after 5 days. We retain just the first digit and last 4 digits of the card# after 5 days."_
