> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the plymouthrock.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161017153052id_/https%3A//www.plymouthrock.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Plymouth Rock Group of Companies Internet Privacy Policy

> Your privacy is important to the Plymouth Rock Group of Companies. This notice describes our policies for collecting, protecting, and disclosing your nonpublic personal information.

  * The Plymouth Rock Group of Companies includes Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation, Bunker Hill Insurance Company, Bunker Hill Insurance Casualty Company, Pilgrim Insurance Company, Pilgrim Risk Management, LLC, Mt. Washington Assurance Corporation, Plymouth Rock Management Company of New Jersey, Palisades Safety Insurance Agency, Inc., Palisades Safety and Insurance Association, Palisades Insurance Company, Palisades Property and Casualty Insurance Company, High Point Preferred Insurance Company, High Point Safety and Insurance Company, High Point Property and Casualty Insurance Company, High Point Brokerage Company, Inc., Twin Lights Insurance Company, and Teachers Auto Insurance Company of New Jersey.



## 

## Protecting Customer Information

The Plymouth Rock Group of Companies is committed to safeguarding your nonpublic personal information. As described below, we limit access to your nonpublic personal information to those persons who need it to perform their jobs and to provide service to you, and as required or permitted by law. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect such information from unauthorized use or disclosure.

You may have additional concerns about the privacy and security of information collected through our web site. We are committed to protecting the online privacy of visitors to our web site, and as noted above maintain a variety of measures to secure your personal information. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the internet, and there is always some risk in transmitting information electronically. As we deem appropriate, we use security measures such as firewalls and encryption technology, to protect your information. However, since no security system is absolutely impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet.

Our web site may contain links to other web sites. We have no control over the privacy practices or content of any other web sites we provide links to from our web site. You should check the applicable privacy policy of the web site sponsor when linking to other web sites.

## Former Customers

We protect information of our former customers in the same way as for our current customers.

## Information We Collect

We collect and use information that we receive from your insurance application and through correspondence and communications from you; information about your transactions with us; information that you provide to us on our web site; information from independent insurance agents or brokers; information that we receive from consumer reporting agencies; information from website usage (or traffic); information from customer lists provided by other organizations and marketing data providers; information from governmental agencies and insurance-support organizations; information relating to insurance claims, which may include medical information; information from other third parties as permitted by law; and information that is publicly available from social media and other sources. This information enables us to underwrite policies, process claims, ensure proper billing, service accounts, and develop and sell our products. We also collect customer information from insurance agents who may use this web site to access our Agent Web interface. Agent Web allows insurance agents to make changes to policies, make payments, and inquire about the status of customer accounts.

## Information We Share

We share information that we collect only as required or permitted by law to industry regulators, law enforcement agencies or other governmental authorities, anti-fraud organizations, consumer reporting agencies, third parties who assist us in processing transactions and in providing services to us; companies within the Plymouth Rock group; your insurance agent or broker (if applicable); third party financial institutions (such as insurance agents) with whom we have joint marketing agreements in order to market products and services that we and they offer; attorneys or other authorized persons in connection with matters in litigation, as required by subpoenas and court rules and orders; our attorneys, accountants, and auditors; and such other parties as are permitted or required by law.

If you are a customer, we do not sell your information without your consent. However, if you have requested an on-line insurance quote from us, we may sell the information you provided us to one of our licensed independent insurance agents so that they may provide you with additional quotes from the companies they represent. As required by law, all agents participating in this program must sign a joint marketing agreement prohibiting the agents from using your information for any other purpose unless you choose to purchase a policy from them and become their customer.

We may use your personal information to respond to your inquiries, questions or comments if you access our web site or if you send us an email with questions or comments. We may save your questions or comments or your e-mail address for future reference.

## AARP Program

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, if you participate in the AARP Automobile Insurance Program offered by Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation in Massachusetts or the AARP Homeowners Insurance Program offered by Bunker Hill Insurance Company in Massachusetts (collectively, the "Program") or are a member of AARP seeking an insurance quote or other information through the Program, we will not intentionally sell, rent, license, or disclose to any third party outside of our group of companies, any email address or other nonpublic personal information about you collected through the Program or use such information for the benefit of any third party outside of our group of companies, except that we may share such information with our insurance agents in connection with the marketing, administering and servicing of the Program and we may share membership information regarding AARP members and certain aggregate data on a non-personally identified basis with AARP. We will not intentionally send you informational or promotional email messages due to your membership in or expressed interest in the Program unless you have affirmatively requested to receive such messages.

## Cookies

We use "cookies" to enhance your access to our web site. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile communications device. Cookies do not store personal information about you, unless you knowingly provide it. Cookies can store non-personal information, such as what web site pages or advertisements your browser has accessed. We use cookies to store information and personalize your experience with our web site. For example, cookies allow our web site to recognize you as a previous visitor, and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while you were previously browsing our web site. You do have some control over cookies. Many browsers can be set to notify you when a cookie is being placed on your computer. Many browsers can also be set to refuse to accept cookies, although this may affect your internet experience. You can also erase cookies that are already on your computer. For more information about working with cookies, you should consult your user manual, FAQ, or "help" function of your specific browser and operating system software.

In order to further personalize our website for you, and to collect a limited set of non-personally identifiable information about you to help manage our online advertising and promotions, we or our third party advertising providers use "web beacons" (also known as "clear gifs" and "pixel tags"), in conjunction with cookies. Web beacons are small transparent graphic images that are often used by web sites in connection with cookies. We may also use web beacons in email communications in order to understand the behavior of our customers. For more information about the use of this technology by us and our third-party advertising service providers, including how to opt out of these technologies, please visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp> and <http://www.d1.sc.omtrdc.net/optout.html>.

## Connecticut and New Jersey Customers

If you are one of our Connecticut or New Jersey customers, then in accordance with the Connecticut Insurance Information and Privacy Act (the "Connecticut Privacy Law") or N.J.S.A. 17:23a-1 et seq. (the "New Jersey Privacy Law"), respectively, you may access your recorded nonpublic personal information that we have collected by submitting a written request, in accordance with the Connecticut Privacy Law or the New Jersey Privacy Law, as applicable. Connecticut customers should send their written requests to the following address: Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation, 695 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA 02111, Attn: General Counsel. New Jersey Customers should send their written requests to this address: Plymouth Rock Management Company of New Jersey, Connell Corporate Center II, Two Hundred Connell Drive, Berkeley Heights, NJ 07922, Attn: Chief Legal Officer. In each case, the written request may ask us to take one or more of the following actions: (1) inform you of the nature and substance of your recorded nonpublic personal information that we have collected; (2) send you copies of such information by mail; (3) inform you of the identity, if recorded, of those persons to whom we have disclosed your personal information within two years prior to your written request; or (4) correct, amend or delete any of your recorded nonpublic personal information. When submitting your written request, please state (1) the name of the company that issued a policy of insurance to you and (2) your policy number.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

The contents of this privacy policy are subject to change or updating by the Plymouth Rock Group of Companies at any time without prior notice. The changes may include superseding statements or notices. YOU SHOULD REVIEW THIS POLICY FROM TIME TO TIME TO BE AWARE OF ANY CHANGES THAT ARE MADE. Your continuing use of this web site constitutes your acceptance of any changes or updates to the Privacy Policy, all of which shall become controlling when posted. This privacy policy was last updated on **March 1, 2016**.

PRA 405 03/16
