> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the domainindex.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180120173002id_/http%3A//domainindex.com/privacy-notice) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice | Domainindex.com

Contacting us via e-mail or registering for domainindex.com reveals your e-mail address and any other information you include such as phone number and/or mailing address. We will use this information to help us process your registration, fulfill your request or respond to your inquiry. All of your personal information will be stored in a secure database in Malta and/or Germany. Access to this database is limited to authorized persons.

In addition, domainindex.com stores a unique identification number, the username, and login status in a cookie on each visitor's computer. The identification number is retained and utilized to track usage of the web site in order to provide you with products or services you may be interested in, while the username and login status are only used for display purposes and site functionality during the current web session.

Occasionally, we use data collected about customers and prospects to inform them about products or services fromdomainindex.com our parent, The JP-Metrics Corporation, and reputable outside companies that may be of interest to them. Many of our customers find these e-mail promotions valuable, whether they are shopping for merchandise, taking advantage of a special offer, or purchasing unique services. On rare occasions, and subject to applicable laws,domainindex.com may also share your information with outside 3rd Party vendors who will be authorized to use this information solely to perform services (such as a mailing house) on our behalf.

In order to change these cookie preferences, you must change your browser's preferences to disable cookies or delete cookies. Please note that disabling cookies for some services may affect the ability to use that service. Security information is specific to each browser and operating system. Please check with your browser's specific company for more information. Some examples of how to change your browser's preferences are as follows: In Internet Explorer (versions 6 and up), this option is listed under Tools > Internet Options > Privacy. The setting has to be set to Block All Cookies; In Netscape (versions 7 and up), this option is listed under Edit > Preferences > Privacy & Security > Cookies. The Disable Cookies button should be checked.

If at any time you would like your name removed from lists that are shared for promotional reasons withindomainindex.com, with other units of The JP-Metrics corporation, or with third parties, simply send a written request to [ support@domainindex.com](mailto:support@domainindex.com).
