> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the domainsponsor.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-04-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090403093013id_/http%3A//www.domainsponsor.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DomainSponsor.com :: Privacy Policy

**Last Updated May 15, 2008**

DomainSponsorTM is committed to protecting the privacy of your information. We recognize that privacy is of utmost importance, and operate our company with protecting your sensitive personal information in mind. As a user of this website and the webpages generated by DomainSponsorTM (collectively, the "Sites") and/or the services ("Services") provided by DomainSponsorTM, this Privacy Policy is intended to describe for you: 

  * the information we collect about you,
  * how that information may be used,
  * with whom it may be shared,
  * how you may access the information you provide us,
  * and your choices about such uses and disclosures.



We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our Sites or Services or transacting business with us. By using our Sites, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our Site [privacy@domainsponsor.com](mailto:privacy@domainsponsor.com). You can also email us at the same address, or send mail to DomainSponsor, Attn: Privacy, 515 S. Flower Street, Suite 4400, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 

## Information Collection

We may collect personal information that can identify you such as your name and e-mail address, as well as other information that does not identify you. When you provide personal information through our Sites, the information may be sent to our servers located in the United States and other countries around the world. 

__User Provided Information__. We may collect and store any personal information you enter on our Sites or provide to us in some other manner. This includes identifying information (such as your name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number), and any other personal information you choose to provide while using our Sites or the Services. For example, when you open an account with DomainSponsorTM, we collect certain personal financial information such as your billing address, bank name and address, and bank account number. 

__Third Party List Information__. We may also obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from third party data gathering sources. We may match this third-party collected information with the personally identifying information that you provide to us. When obtaining this information from third parties, DomainSponsorTM seeks assurances form the third parties that it has the right to provide the information to us. 

__Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Information Collection Technology__. We use various technologies to collect information from your computer and about your activities on our Sites. For example, we collect and store non-personally identifying information through log files, cookies, clear gifs ("web beacons"), and third parties to create a profile of our users that details the users' viewing preferences. 

  * _Log Files_. Technical information from your browser is automatically collected when you visit our Sites. This information includes your IP address, your browser type, operating system, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us (see "Cookies" below), and the referring website address.
  * _Cookies_. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user's computer that tracks non-personal information about the user. When using our Sites, we may assign your computer one or more cookies which enable us to improve the quality of our Service and to personalize your experience. Cookies allow us to automatically collect information about your activity on our Sites, such as the web pages you visit, the links or advertisements you click, or the other actions you conduct while using our Sites. The cookies do not store any personally identifiable information about you. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to disable cookies. If you choose to disable cookies, you will still be able to access our Sites, but you may not be able to use all of the interactive features we offer. Additional information on cookies can be found at: [ http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.htm](http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.htm).
  * _Web Beacons_. We, or our advertisers, may use standard Internet technology such as web beacons (or "clear gifs"), tracking pixels, and other similar technologies, to gather aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about your use of our Sites. We also may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and the quality of our Sites.
  * _Information collected by third-parties_. We and our business partners, such as advertisers, may use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to collect information about users who view or interact with these advertisements and connect to other websites. This information allows us and our business partners to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness. Please note that we do not have access to or control over third parties' cookies used on our Sites, and this policy does not govern the use of cookies by these third parties. Some of these third-party advertising partners may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"), which offers internet users a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies. For additional information about NAI or to opt out, please go to the NAI Non-PII Opt-Out Page at [ http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)



__Sponsor or Link Websites__. Links or sponsor websites may be presented in a manner that allows us to keep track of whether the links or sponsor sites have been used. We use this information to improve the quality of our Sites, to track advertising, and to personalize your online experience. Please be aware, however, that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. 

__No Information From Children__. DomainSponsorTM will never knowingly collect any personal information about children under the age of 13. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected personal information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be immediately deleted from our database. Because we do not collect such information, we have no such information to use or to disclose to third parties. The Sites target an audience that is over the age of 18 and some content may not be appropriate for all ages. We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet. We have designed our privacy policy in order to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). 

## Information Use and Sharing

PLEASE NOTE THAT WE MAY USE INDIVIDUAL INFORMATION FOR ANY LEGALLY PERMISSIBLE PURPOSE IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION. We may match any of the technical information we gather to any personally identifying information we have obtained through you or third parties to provide you offers and improve the content of the Sites and Services for you. Examples of some of the ways we use or share information that we collect about you includes: 

  * provide you with products or services, including the display of customized content, advertising, and services;
  * provide technical or customer support;
  * perform research and analysis to gauge use of or interest in products, services, or content offered on our Sites, and to develop new services;
  * communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties;
  * enforce our terms and conditions, or otherwise manage our business;
  * perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.



__Communications From This Website__. Unless you have opted out of these features, we may use your information in a variety of ways to communicate with you, such as through email, newsletters, RSS feeds, service announcements, or for customer service. 

__Personal Information__. Unless you have opted out, we may rent, sell, or share any of your information, personal or otherwise, with third parties, including without limitation for the following purposes: 

  * _Service providers_ : We may share your personal information, alone or in combination with non-personal information, with third party service providers in connection with your request for Services on our Sites. These service providers may include credit bureaus, financial institutions, marketing and customer services firms, credit card payment processors, as well as companies that support contests, sweepstakes, surveys, or other features offered through our Sites, or that provide business analysis or website support. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, which may include using the information to contact you.
  * _Business partners_ : When you express interest in promotions offered through our Sites or our Services, we may share your personal information, alone or in combination with non-personal information, with the relevant business partners or affiliates to offer you those products, services, promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes. When you elect to engage in a particular offer or program, you authorize us to provide your personal information address and other information to that business so that they may contact you.
  * _Third parties for business reasons_ : In connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. If a change in ownership occurs that will result in your personal information being used in a manner different from that stated in the then-existing privacy policy, notification will be provided consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
  * _Third parties for legal process_ : In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from any law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us in our sole discretion. In addition, we may disclose your information when we believe it is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce the terms of service of our Sites or other agreements or policies.



__Special Notice to California Residents__. DomainSponsorTM will not share any personal information about you with other companies to the extent prohibited by applicable California law or to the extent your prior consent to share is required by applicable California law. California residents may, no more than once per calendar year, request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. To be valid, requests must be submitted to us at [ privacy@domainsponsor.com](mailto:privacy@domainsponsor.com). Within thirty days of receiving this request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed for direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of the third parties. 

__Aggregated and Non-Personal Information__. We may rent, sell, or share aggregated demographic information not specifically identifiable to you, and other non-personal information we collect, with any third parties for any reason, including to develop and deliver targeted advertising, and to conduct general business analysis. We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our Sites and the most popular features or Services accessed. 

Please note that our Privacy Policy does not cover any third party's use or handling of your information once it is shared. Rather, the privacy policies of the various third parties will govern. If you want to learn more about their privacy practices, we encourage you to visit the websites of those third parties. These entities or their servers may be located either inside or outside the United States. 

__Links__. Our Sites contains links to other websites, including through advertisements. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party linked websites, even if our Sites frame the linked third party website. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave our Sites and to review the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information we collect. Please note that we may present links in a format that enables us to understand whether they have been followed for aggregating informational purposes. 

## Choice/Opt-Out

We give our users the opportunity to "opt-out" of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our Sites at the point where we ask for the information. Please be aware that this may result in our not being able to provide certain services to you that require us to share information with third parties. If you choose to receive communications from us but later wish to discontinue receiving communications or our Services, you can opt-out by any of the following means: 

Visit the following URL and request to opt-out:  
Send an email to: [privacy@domainsponsor.com](mailto:privacy@domainsponsor.com).  
Send mail to: DomainSponsor, Attn: Opt-Out, 515 S. Flower Street, Suite 4400, Los Angeles, CA 90071.  
Additionally, as noted above, you can also visit the NAI Non-PII Opt-Out Page at [  
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

Please note that opting out of receipt of promotional e-mail communications will only affect future activities or communications from us. If we have already provided your information to a third party before you have changed your preferences or updated your information, you will have to change your preferences directly with that third party. To opt-out of communications from our third party business partners, please contact them directly. 

## Updating Your Information

If you have questions or want to update your personal information, please contact us at: [ privacy@domainsponsor.com](mailto:privacy@domainsponsor.com), or by mail at DomainSponsor, Attn: Privacy, 515 S. Flower Street, Suite 4400, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 

## Information Retention & Security

DomainSponsorTM stores your information for no less than one year from the time of initial submission, as well as automated personal information we collect about you. However, if we collect your social security number or credit card number we will only store that information for a limited time unless extenuating circumstances or the law require otherwise.

DomainSponsorTM takes appropriate security measures to protect our users' information against unauthorized access, loss, alteration, or destruction. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as digital encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal information. We restrict access to personal information to employees, contractors, and agents who have a "need-to-know" that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Services, and who are bound by confidentiality requirements. We want you to feel confident using our Sites to transact business. However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, searches, or other communications will always remain secure. 

## Visitors Outside the United States

This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on our Sites from residents of the United States. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. If you are visiting our Sites from outside the United States, you acknowledge and agree that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. By using our Services, you acknowledge and agree that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy. 

## Privacy Policy Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices and Services. We reserve the right to modify it at any time, so please review it frequently. When changes are made to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share personal information that may impact you, we will also prominently post notice of the changes on our Sites and/or we may notify you by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address you most recently provided us in your account, profile or registration (unless we do not have such an e-mail address or you have opted-out of such communication). Your continued use of our Sites or Services after we have posted any Privacy Policy changes indicates your agreement to the changes unless you notify us otherwise. 

**General Contact** :  
DomainSponsor  
Attn: Privacy  
515 S. Flower Street, Suite 4400  
Los Angeles, California 90071  
[privacy@domainsponsor.com](mailto:privacy@domainsponsor.com)
