> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the domyownpestcontrol.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130605102400id_/http%3A//www.domyownpestcontrol.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - DoMyOwnPestControl.com

  


### Testimonial

**10/28/2011**

"I discovered DoMyOwnPestControl.com just at the perfect time to deal with some brown recluse spiders. The sticky traps arrived very quickly and now I have them all over the house. The traps were very well protected for shipping and no wasteful packaging either. The whole transaction to order what I ..."

**Jonathan Garcia**  
Guerneville, CA 

[More Testimonials](http://www.domyownpestcontrol.com/testimonials.php) »

  
[](http://www.twitter.com/mypestcontrol)  
[  
](http://www.facebook.com/pages/Norcross-GA/DoMyOwnPestControlcom-Do-It-Yourself-Pest-Control/116954858273)[](http://www.youtube.com/user/DoMyOwnPestControl)[](http://blog.domyownpestcontrol.com/) | 

Privacy and Security  
DoMyOwnPestControl.com is committed to your privacy

  
Because your privacy is important to us, we have created the following Privacy and Security Policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit our web site, [DoMyOwnPestControl.com](http://www.domyownpestcontrol.com/), why we collect it, and how it is used. This Privacy and Security Policy also addresses our data security practices, the options you have to access and control any personally identifiable information you provide to us, and other matters. We may periodically make changes to this Privacy and Security Policy which will be included on this page. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy and Security Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this page often. 

**SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN**   
This site is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 18. DoMyOwnPestControl.com does not sell products for purchase by children. By registering with this web site, purchasing products from DoMyOwnPestControl.com or providing DoMyOwnPestControl.com with any information, you represent to DoMyOwnPestControl.com that you are 18 or older and that any information you provide to DoMyOwnPestControl.com about a third party is for a third party that is 18 or older.

**WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM YOU? WHY?**   
If we collect personal information (as described below), you may later access and modify it, and remove it from our system.

We do not sell or rent personally or non-personally identifiable information of any kind to third parties.

**We May Collect Your Name, Address and Phone Number.**  
When you use our web site, we may request your name, street address, telephone number or other "real world" contact information. 

We use this information to complete and support your purchases from DoMyOwnPestControl.com and use of the DoMyOwnPestControl.com web site, for internal purposes and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be disclosed to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order or the support of your use of the DoMyOwnPestControl.com web site. 

**We May Collect Your Email Address.**  
We may request your email address, or other information needed to contact you online. We use it to complete and support your purchases from DoMyOwnPestControl.com and use of the DoMyOwnPestControl.com web site, and to comply with any requirements of law. We use it to respond to any questions you might have and to provide you with information about specials occurring on the DoMyOwnPestControl.com web site if you have chosen this service on the Order Information page during checkout or when creating an account. This information will only be disclosed to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order or the support of your use of the DoMyOwnPestControl.com website. 

**We May Collect Other Kinds of Information from You:**  
When you use our web site, we may collect personal information about you described below. You may later access and modify the information, or have it removed. You may also simply choose not to provide your personal contact information at the point of collection; however, if you do not provide such information, we will be unable to complete your purchase. 

**We May Collect Purchase Information.**  
We may collect information actively generated by the purchase of a product or service, such as a payment method. We use this information to process your order and support your use of the DoMyOwnPestControl.com web site. This information may be disclosed only to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order or the support of your use of the DoMyOwnPestControl.com web site. We do not save your sensitive credit card information.

**We May Collect Navigation and Clickstream Data.**  
As you browse our web site, we may gather navigational and clickstream data that shows what pages are visited and how long various features are used. This information will not reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support your purchases from DoMyOwnPestControl.com and use of the DoMyOwnPestControl.com web site to comply with any requirements of law and to determine the commissions for our Affiliates. This information may be disclosed only to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order, and the support of your use of the DoMyOwnPestControl.com web site. 

**Third Party Advertising**  
We may engage third party advertising companies to advertise products or services to you online. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. They may also use this technology to serve specialized or relevant advertising content and/or recommendations to you on the DoMyOwnPestControl.com site or on a third party’s website. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous and does not contain any personally identifiable information.  
If you would like more information about this practice and your choices, including how to opt-out [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

**CERTAIN EXCEPTIONAL DISCLOSURES**   
We may disclose your information if necessary to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, or DoMyOwnPestControl.com has good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the requirements of law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or legal process served on DoMyOwnPestControl.com or (2) to protect and defend the property or rights of DoMyOwnPestControl.com, the users of its website or the public.

**HOW DO WE PROTECT INFORMATION WE COLLECT?**   
We offer secure web pages to collect certain kinds of user information and we store certain kinds of data in encrypted form. We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our web site reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. DoMyOwnPestControl.com's servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption technology that works with browsers such as Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Google Chrome and AOL's browser, so that only DoMyOwnPestControl.com and our credit card processor can read the information required to process your order. 

**HOW LONG DO WE KEEP USER INFORMATION?**   
We generally keep user data on our server or in our archives for as long as we reasonably need it. We may alter this practice according to changing requirements. For example, we may delete some data if needed to free up storage space. We may keep other data for longer periods if the law requires it.

**THIRD PARTY SITES**  
This site contains links to third party websites. DoMyOwnPestControl.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Your use of these third party websites is entirely at your own risk.

**YOUR CONSENT TO THIS POLICY**  
By using the DoMyOwnPestControl.com web site, you agree to this Privacy and Security Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy and Security Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. We may change our Privacy and Security Policy by posting a new version of the policy on this page which it is your responsibility to review frequently. 

**LEGAL DISCLAIMER and Terms of Use**   
Please see our [Terms of Use](http://www.domyownpestcontrol.com/conditions.php) page for more information. 

**IF YOU HAVE A PRIVACY QUESTION**   
If you have a privacy question about the DoMyOwnPestControl.com web site, please email: Customer Service at [support@domyownpestcontrol.com](mailto:support@domyownpestcontrol.com). Or write: DoMyOwnPestControl.com, Attn: Privacy Policy, 4260 Communications Drive, Norcross, GA 30093.

This Privacy and Security Policy was last updated on September 10, 2012.

| 

  
[](http://www.bizrate.com/ratings_guide/cust_reviews__mid--85007.html)

  

