> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the echinacities.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-08-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090830052059id_/http%3A//www.echinacities.com/main/footer/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

|   |   
This Privacy policy deals with personally identifiable information that echinacities.com may collect on this site. The Policy does not apply to other entities that echinacities.com do not own or control or persons that are not our employees, agents or otherwise within our control including, but not limited to, the internet service providers that provides users' access to the site.

**1\. Collection of Data**   
Our registration process requires only a valid e-mail address and a unique user ID and password. You may provide us with other information, but that is at your discretion. Note that if your e-mail address, user name or other submissions that you make on this site contain your real name or other personally identifiable information, this data may appear on the site if so designated in your account options. echinacities.com may also automatically receive general information that is contained in our server log files such as your IP address, browser used, date, time and duration of access and cookie information. Such information is used by echinacities.com to monitor, preserve and enhance the functioning and integrity of the system. Information is collected for analysis and statistical purposes, and is used to help diagnose problems with the server and to carry out other administrative tasks, such as assessing what information is of most interest, determining technical design specifications and identifying system performance and/or problem areas. This information is not used in any way that would reveal personal information to external persons or entities except as described above.

**2\. Use of Data**   
echinacities.com may use personal data to enhance your user experience on this site. echinacities.com will take all reasonable actions to prevent the disclosure of your data to third parties unless (i) otherwise provided for in this Privacy policy; (ii) we obtain your consent, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out to the sharing of data; (iii) a service provided on our site requires the interaction with or is provided by a third party; (iv) pursuant to legal process or law enforcement, we are required to disclose your data; (v) we find that your use of this site violates this Policy, Terms of Service, other usage guidelines or it is deemed reasonably necessary by us to disclose your data in order to protect our legal rights and/or property; or (vi) this site is purchased by a third party whereby that third party will be able to use the data in the same manner as echinacities.com as set forth in this Policy. In the event you choose to use links that appear on our site to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies that appear on those sites.

**3\. Cookies**   
Like many web sites, echinacities.com may set and use cookies to enhance your user experience. A cookie is a text-only string that is entered into the memory of your browser by our web server. The use of cookies enables our website to store information on your machine so that it can be retrieved at a later date. This gives us the ability to personalize the site according to your requirements. If you do not wish to accept new cookies or wish to disable cookies altogether, you can set your browser accordingly using its menu bar. However this may affect the ability of echinacities.com to offer you a personalized service. Advertisements may appear on our web site and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer; these are then subject to the Privacy policy of those parties providing the advertisements. However, the companies providing advertising do not have access to cookies set by echinacities.com. These companies usually use non-personally identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to our site.

**4\. Interactive Functions**  
A. Forum and Classifieds: echinacities.com stores the data contained in these sections on its servers and information posted in these areas is public. Data provided by users to open a classified ad account is not made public or provided to any third parties except as provided in Paragraph 2. B. Personal Message System: The content of Personal Messages (PMs) are not monitored by echinacities.com under normal circumstances. echinacities.com retains the content of PMs on its servers until deleted by the users sending and receiving such PMs. Senders of PMs should regard information sent by PMs as potentially public information. Although echinacities.com shall not reveal the contents of PMs except as required under Paragraph 2 of this Policy, echinacities.com is not responsible for the re-sending, forum posting, or other distribution of the contents of PMs made by recipients of such PMs, whether such recipient was the intended recipient of the content of such PMs.

**5\. Editing or Deleting Your Account Information**  
We provide you with the ability to edit the information in your user account information that you provided to us in registration by using your account information page on the site. You may also delete your user account from within your account configuration page or by contacting a site administrator. Content or other data that you may have provided to us and that is not contained within your user account, such as posts that may appear within our forums, may continue to remain on our site at our discretion even though your user account is deleted.

**6\. Changes to this Privacy policy**  
We may make changes to this Policy from time to time. We will notify you of substantial changes to this Policy either by posting a prominent announcement on our site and/or by sending a message to the e-mail address you have provided to us that is contained within your user settings.

**7\. Privacy policy Disclaimer**  
This Privacy policy states echinacities.com's standards for maintenance of data and we will make reasonable efforts to meet them. However, we do not guarantee the effectiveness of these standards. There may be factors beyond our control that may result in disclosure of Data. As a consequence, we disclaim any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of Data.

**8\. Contact Information**  
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact a site administrator.

|    
---|---|---
