> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the desifree.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171120004500id_/http%3A//www.desifree.tv/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | DesiFree.TV

By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy of Desifree.tv If you do not agree to the Policy, please do not use this site. Desifree.tv reviews its privacy policy periodically and reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify or remove portions of this policy at any time. This page should be reviewed periodically so that you are updated on any changes. If you want to communicate with us about our policy, please e-mail us at: desifreetv@gmail.com

Desifree.tv, which operates the Internet site located at Desifree.tv recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about visitors to our sites. As a general policy, no personally identifiable information, such as your name, address or email address, is automatically collected from visitors to our site. Personally identifiable information about visitors to our site is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted. We may collect certain non-personal information to optimize our Web pages for your computer (i.e., the identity of your Internet browser, the type of operating system you use, your IP address and the domain name of your Internet service provider). We may use such non-personal information for internal purposes, including but not limited to improving the content of our sites. In those instances when we do collect personally identifiable information, the following policies apply: Desifree.tv will notify you when we are collecting personally identifiable information about you and how we intend to use it. For example, we may need to collect such information to provide you with information you requested, in connection with entry forms, or in connection with community postings such as chat and bulletin boards.

Personally identifiable information that visitors submit to our sites is used only for the purpose for which it is submitted unless we disclose other uses in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection. Such other uses may include sending you information or materials we think you will find interesting, or sharing the information with Desifree.tv’s Media’s advertisers and reputable business partners. However, at the time of collection, you will have the option of instructing us not to send you additional information or share your personal information with third parties. Desifree.tv is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of our business partners. Desifree.tv may use reputable third parties to manage activities available on our sites including, but not limited to statistical analysis, or chats. These parties may have access to personally identifiable information submitted by visitors who participate in those activities. Similarly, we may contract with third parties to handle the fulfillment of subscriptions or requests for information you submit to our sites, such as sending you a newsletter. In most instances, Desifree.tv instructs these third parties to use personally identifiable information only for the specific purpose for which it is collected, and not to sell, market or transfer such information to other entities. If Desifree.tv obtains personal information that has been collected from you by a third party, including our business partners, this Privacy Policy nonetheless governs Desifree.tv’s use of that information. Please remember that any information posted on bulletin boards and/or communicated in chat areas becomes public information. You should use caution when sharing information as any of it can be collected and used by people you may not know. Users under the age of 18 should be particularly careful not to divulge any personal information. While Desifree.tv strives to protect and respect your privacy, we can not guarantee the security of any information you disclose in a chat room or bulletin board and you do so at your own risk. 

Desifree.tv does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Personal information may be disclosed in special situations where Desifree.tv has reason to believe that doing so is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone damaging, injuring, or interfering (intentionally or unintentionally) with Desifree.tv rights, property, users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. Also, Desifree.tv may reveal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.Desifree.tv maintains appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personally identifiable information submitted to our site, and periodically reviews and updates its security measures in light of current technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. Although Desifree.tv strives to protect your personal information, we can not ensure or warranty the security of any information you may transmit to us. This is done so at your own risk. Once we do receive your transmission, however, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. 

Cookies are data that a Web site transfers to an individual’s hard-drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies, which are an industry standard used by most Web sites, including those operated by Desifree.tv, can facilitate a user’s ongoing access to and use of a site. They allow us to track usage patterns and to compile data that can help us improve our content and target advertising. Our Cookies are no programs that can cause damage to a user’s systems or files. If you do not want information collected through the use of Cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the Cookie feature. But you should note that Cookies may be necessary to provide you with features such as adding your personal favourites.Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Desifree.tv. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.co.uk/policies/technologies/ads/). You can read our Cookie statement [here](http://www.desifree.tv/cookie-policy/)

Desifree.tv has established many links directly to sites operated by third parties. These sites are not operated or maintained by Desifree.tv. These sites may collect personal information from you. You should check the applicable privacy policy’s of the third party site’s in case you enter these sites. All links to external sites (not Desifree.tv’s) are opened in a new window!

Desifree.tv chooses its advertisers and business partners carefully. However, Desifree.tv is not responsible for the content or practices of Web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our site. These links are meant for the user’s convenience only. Links to third party sites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement or approval by Desifree.tv of the content, policies or practices of such third party sites. Once you enter a third party site by such a link, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site.

January 26th, 2016
