> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the designhotels.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-01-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170129153414id_/https%3A//www.designhotels.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Design Hotels™

Design Hotels™ would like to ensure your trust in the online reservation of hotels & travel services.

  Therefore, Design Hotels™ hereby informs you extensively about:   
• What kind of information Design Hotels™ necessitates from you, and   
• How this information is made use of

Design Hotels™ assures you that the data protection clauses of the German Data Protection Act are observed at all times.

  ANONYMOUS USE OF RESERVATION SERVICE  
You may at any time anonymously inquire about hotels, rates and offers with our reservation service, i.e. without the requirement to issue any personal information or registering with Design Hotels™.

DESIGN HOTELS™ COMMUNITY MEMBERSHIP  
In registering to the Design Hotels™ Community we initially ask for your email address, to which a welcome email is sent to verify said email address and activate the account; after activation you are able to log in and provide further personal data voluntarily under “profile settings”. If you provide additional voluntary personal data, it will be used to prefill the personal details form upon making a booking, and/or be used to provide you with more refined topics in our communications, should you have opted in to any of our newsletters.

HOTEL BOOKINGS  
In order to make a booking via Design Hotels™, personal data such as full name, address and credit card details are required in order to process the booking(s) – required data is explicitly indicated during the booking process. Obligatory and additional voluntarily submitted data – the extent of which can be extracted from the personal information form – is transferred to the respective member hotel for the arrangement of the contractual relationship. With each booking on designhotels.com the indicated email address will be automatically registered with an account that stores the booking, as well as the given email address, full name and address provided during the booking. In order to access the account it must be activated by following the instructions of the welcome email (see paragraph above, “DESIGN HOTELS™ COMMUNITY MEMBERSHIP”).

TRANSACTIONAL DATA  
When making a booking with Design Hotels™, the required data needed to fulfill the accommodation contract is forwarded by Design Hotels™ to the individual contract partners, i.e. the member hotel(s). Your bookings will be recorded for the purpose of making the specific information accessible to you and the statistic information available to Design Hotels™.

NEWSLETTERS  
As a member of the Design Hotels™ Community (either by registering directly or by making a booking on designhotels.com), you will receive newsletter communications from Design Hotels™. In order to provide you with more relevant information and customize content to your needs and interests, we may in instances track which links you have clicked on in our newsletters. By registering to the Design Hotels™ Community you explicitly agree hereto. Based on this information and other personal details you have provided to us as part of your membership and/or reservation(s) we may customize newsletters for you. You may unsubscribe from newsletter communications from Design Hotels™ at any time by updating your “profile settings” in your Design Hotels™ Community account or deleting your account by following the instructions in the newsletter.

DELETION OF INFORMATION AND/OR ACCOUNT  
You may delete your Design Hotels™ Community account and the details contained within from the “profile settings” of your account or by following the instructions in the footer of our email communications (deleting your account also removes you from any newsletter communications). On request, Design Hotels™ deletes your data completely and immediately. Please contact us via [yourprivacy@designhotels.com](mailto:yourprivacy@designhotels.com) if you should need to request this. Please note, that a deletion of data can only be fully completed when all open transactions have been closed.

COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES  
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files sent to your computer or mobile phone (referred to as a "device") browser from a website and stored on your device. Cookies enable us to identify your device when you access our website. We use session cookies and temporary cookies. Session cookis are deleted when you leave the website and help us to provide you with certain functionalities during your visit. Temporary cookies will be stored for a certain period or permanently on your device and help us to tailor our services to our users’ needs, make your website use more comfortable, user friendly, effective and secure. Cookies will not store personal data and will not be used to identify a specific person. We will only be provided with pseudonymized information through the use of cookies.

You can set your device’s browser to accept all cookies, to ask you when the websites sends a cookie, or not to receive cookies at any time. If you do not allow cookies certain features of our website will not work and accordingly you might not be able to take full advantage of all of our services. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.

You can also find up-to-date information clearly explaining how to control or delete cookies on your Windows PC or Apple Mac at aboutcookies.org. To control or delete cookies on your mobile phone, you can set the 'Limit Ad Tracking' property located in the settings screen of your Apple iPhone, or by resetting your Android ID through apps that are available in the Play Store as well as referring to the device manufacturers instructions. See also the further information below on how to opt-out of third party cookies, such as those used for analytics and advertising.

Auto Log in  
If you choose to stay logged in on our website, we will store your login information in a cookie on your computer so that you do not have to authenticate upon return to our website but will be automatically logged in ("auto log in"). The cookie and thereby the auto log in expires automatically after 60 days.

Adform  
We use technology of ADFORM (Hovedvagtsgade 6, 1103 Kopenhagen, Danmark). In this context a cookie is stored on your computer as part of so called conversion tracking, if you have clicked on an ad from us or have accessed our website through an ad. This allows us to analyze the bahaviour of users on our website, that have accessed our website through ads, in order to adapt our ads and the website to user needs. You will find more information about adform and can opt out from the collection of data by Adform at: <http://site.adform.com/privacy-policy/en/>.

Adobe Analytics  
For statistical purposes, Design Hotels™ makes use of Adobe Analytics, a web analytics service from Adobe Systems Incorporated ("Adobe"). Adobe Analytics uses cookies. The information generated by the Adobe cookie about your use of the web site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to servers in Ireland from where the information will be forwarded to servers in the United States in anonymised form. Adobe uses this information on behalf of us to analyze your usage of the website, to compile reports on your website activity and to provide further services connected to the use of the website and Internet on our behalf. The IP address transferred from your browser via Adobe Analytics will not be combined with other data from Adobe. You can prevent the storage of the cookies by changing the settings in your browser; however, please note that if you do so you may not be able to use all functions of this website fully. You may also opt out to the collection of data by Adobe for the future at any time. Further information about opting out is available at <http://www.adobe.com/misc/optout.html>. Further information about Adobe Analytics is available at <http://www.adobe.com//privacy/analytics.html>.

Bing  
We use a conversion tracking service provided by Microsoft (Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA). Microsoft will place a cookie onto your device if you have reached our website via a Microsoft Bing Ad. Microsoft Bing and we can thereby recognize that a soemone clicked a Bing ad, was linked to our website and has previously visited a conversion site. We willl only learn the total number of users, that have clicked a Bing ad and were the redirected tot he conversion site. No personal data to identify a user will be transmitted. If you do not want to participate in the tracking process you can decline the cookie required in this context, e.g. via your browser settings which can deactivate the automatic acceptance of cookies. Further information about data protection and the cookies used by Microsoft Bing can be found at <https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement>.

Facebook Custom Audiences   
We use the service „Facebook Custom Audiences“ provided by Facebook Inc, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. In this context tracking pixels are included on our website. Thereby we can define which segents of facebook users (like age and interests) will be displayed our ads. Through the tracking pixel a direct connection will be established between your browser and the Facebook servers. Facebook will thus know that our website was accessed from your device and can, if you are a facebook user, connect your visit to our site to your facebook account. We will not get to know any further information about the data transmitted and the use thereof by Facebook. The version of Custom Audience we use does not transmit any data sets (particularly not email addresses) to Facebook. Further information can be found at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. You can opt out from Facebook Custom Audiences at: <https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads>.

Google AdWords  
Being an AdWords customer we use the Google Conversion Tracking. This is an analysis service provided by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). If you visit our website via a google ad Google Adwords will place a cookie on your computer ("Conversion Cookie") Such cookie will expire after 30 days. It does not allow to identify you as an individual person. Unless the cookie expired upon your visit of certain of our websites we and Google will know that someone clicked a certain ad and was thereby redirected to our website. Every AdWords customer is provided with a different cookie. Therefore, cookies cannot be tracked via the website of AdWords customers. The information obtained via the Conversion-Cookie will be used to draw up conversion statistics for the AdWords customers which choose to use conversion tracking. The AdWords customers will be informed of the total number of users which have clicked to their ad and were redirected to a site which contains a conversion tracking tag. However, they will not obtain any information by which users could be personally identified. If you do not want to participate in the tracking you may object to the placing of cookies, e.g. via the browser settings which generally deactivates the automatic acceptance of cookies. You may also set your browser so that cookies from "googleadservices.com" are blocked.

Google Universal Analytics  
For statistical purposes, Design Hotels™ makes use of Google Analytics, a web analytics service from Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies. The information generated by the Google cookie regarding your use of this website is transferred to one of Google’s servers in the USA and stored there. However, since anonymisation is activated on this web page, Google shortens your IP address beforehand within member states of the European Union or in other signatory nations to the Treaty on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to one of Google’s servers in the USA and shortened there. Google uses this information on behalf of us to analyze your usage of the website, to compile reports on your website activity and to provide further services connected to the use of the website and Internet on our behalf. The IP address transferred from your browser via Google Analytics will not be combined with other data from Google. You can prevent the storage of the cookies by changing the settings in your browser; however, please note that if you do so you may not be able to use all functions of this website fully. Further, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available from the following link, you can prevent the information generated by the Google cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) from being transmitted to and processed.

Please note that our use of Google Analytics includes the use of Universal Analytics, which enables us to analyze activities on our website across devices. This is achieved by the creation of a pseudonymous user id. Such pseudonymous user id is created, e.g. when you create an account with us or log in to an existing account. However, no personal data will be transmitted to Google. by Google: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>.

For further information regarding Google Analytics refer to <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout> and <http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html> (general information on Google Analytics and data protection). Please note that Google Analytics has been expanded using the code “gat._anonymizeIp();” on this page to guarantee anonymous collation of IP addresses (known as IP masking).

New Relic  
We use New Relic, a web analytics tool provided by New Relic, Inc. New Relic collects and stores personal data which allows the creation of pseudonymous user profiles. Such profiles will be used to analyze user behavior and to improve our services and in order to tailor them to market needs. In this context cookies may be stored on your device. The pseudonymous user profiles will not be merged with personal data without explicitly declared consent of the data subject. You can opt out from the use of the New Relic service at any time by changing the settings in your browser or by installing browser extensions which prevent the New Relic code to be loaded from our website, e.g. such as Ghostery.

Optimizely  
We use web analytics service provided by Optimizely, Inc. („Optimizely“), which allows us to test new functionalities and layouts of our website a spart of so called A/B tests. Optimizely uses cookies in order to identify the browser of a visitor and analyze the use of our website.  Personal data is not collected by such cookies. The information created by such cookies is transmitted to an Optimizely server in the USA and stored there. Prior to such transmission your IP address will be shortened by Optimizely within the EU or the EEA. Only in exceptional cases unshortened IP addresses will be transmitted to the US. On our behalf Optimizely will analyze the use of our website and will create reports. Your IP address transmitted as part of the Optimizely service will not be merged with other data of Optimizely or us. You can prevent the setting of a cookie through your browser settings and deactivate the Optimizely service. Please be advised that not all functionalities of this website may be used completely. Also you can deactivate the Optimizely service at any time by following the measures described at [https://www.optimizely.com/opt_out.](https://www.optimizely.com/opt_out)

SOCIAL MEDIA

Facebook Connect  
We cooperate with the social network facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. We use so called plug-in "facebook connect". With facebook-connect, you can use your facebook account to sign up for a new user account with us or to connect to an existing account. Upon creation of a new user account via facebook we will receive certain account details from facebook (namely: your email assress and your publicly accessible profile). We will use these details to pre-fill you're my account. If you click on the button “Sign up with facebook” or “log in with facebook” your browser will take up a direct connection with the facebook server. Facebook will receive your IP address and other equipment related information. Purpose and scope of the data collection, further processing and use of that data by facebook as well as your rights and options for your facebook settings to protect your privacy can be found in the facebook privacy declaration at <http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/>.

Twitter  
We use functionalities of the service Twitter which is provided by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. When a Twitter plug-in is loaded (when you enter a site that has a plug-in integrated), Twitter will receive your IP address and the information that a user with this IP address has visited the internet site of Designhotels. In order to use Twitter, you need an account at Twitter. If you are logged in to your account at Twitter and click on a button included at our websites you share the content of the site where the button is included with other Twitter-users. Twitter then stores the information that you clicked this button together with other information about that site and provides these information to other Twitter users. If you do not want Twitter to collect data about you via our internet website and to link this with your data stored on Twitter, you need to log off from Twitter before visiting our website. Further information about the collection and use of data by Twitter and your rights relating thereto can be found in the Twitter privacy statement at <https://twitter.com/privacy>.

RIGHT TO INFORMATION  
As a registered user, Design Hotels™ informs you about what data we record about you, at any time, free of charge. Please turn to [yourprivacy@designhotels.com](mailto:yourprivacy@designhotels.com) for any inquiries.
