> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the desiblogz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080622100150id_/http%3A//www.desiblogz.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - desiblogz | Free Blog Hosting & Community India

## Privacy Policy 

**www.desiblogz.com(“Website”)** , The Website are strongly committed to protecting the personal privacy of all Users. For purposes of this www.desiblogz.com Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) any person accessing or using Website is a “User” whether or not the User has created a personal account or posted information on Website.

**1.No Sale of Information.** The Website will not transfer, sell, trade, rent, barter or otherwise disclose personal identifying information provided by a User (“Personal Information”) except pursuant to the www.desiblogz.com.com Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”), this Privacy Policy or written permission from the relevant User.

**2.Purpose and Applicability.** This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the provisions of the Terms of Use. The Website has implemented this Privacy Policy to explain (a) information gathered from and about Users by the Website and potential uses of that information, (b) User options with regard to disclosure and use of Personal Information and (c) the ability of User to correct, withdraw or delete Personal Information about or belonging to User. This Privacy Policy applies only to Website. Other websites owned by the Owner ('Karma 2.0'), owned or operated by third parties may contain similar or different privacy policies. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any person, entity, organization, or website to or from which Website links or is linked. Users are strongly encouraged to read and regularly review posted privacy policies on all websites, whether or not owned by the Owner ('Karma 2.0') or affiliated with Website.

**3.No Unsupervised Minors**.The Website are concerned about safe, supervised use of the Internet by Minors. For purposes of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use “Minor” means any natural person under the age of eighteen (18) years. The Website do not knowingly collect information from Minors, permit Minors to register for personal accounts with Website or permit Minors to access Website without adult supervision and the consent of a parent or legal guardian. Use of Website constitutes a warranty that the User (a) is not a Minor or (b) is a Minor using Website with the full knowledge, supervision and consent of his or her parent or legal guardian. The Website strongly encourage parents and legal guardians to review the Terms of Use and other posted Website policies, rules procedures and practices carefully and to monitor use of the Internet, including Website, by their Minor children. The Website reserve the right to block or terminate the account access of any User suspected or determined to be a Minor using Website without the supervision and consent of his or her parent or legal guardian.

**4.Cookies and Collection of User Information**. Users may browse and read general Website content without revealing Personal Information other than default information customarily logged by Website and its host server. Company, Website and the host server may automatically collect information from all Users who access Website, including without limitation:

(a) Date and time of access;

(b) The originating IP address from which User accessed Website;

(c) The Internet address of third-party websites from which User accessed or linked to Website; and

(d) Pages and portions of Website the User views or accesses.

The Website collect this information through the use of Cookies. “Cookies” means text files with electronic identifiers which store and retrieve information from and about Users, permitting Website to recognize returning Users, track use of Website and maintain customized Internet webpages and preferences. Session Cookies expire when a User exits the Internet browser. Persistent Cookies remain on a User’s computer for a given time or until deleted. The Website use both session Cookies and persistent Cookies. The Cookies used by The Website does not collect personally identifiable information. The Website does not combine information collected from or through the use of Cookies with other Personal Information to determine the identity or email address of Users without the individual User’s express consent. The Website collect and periodically review information collected using Cookies in order to provide access to Website and related services, to review and evaluate the popularity and functionality of Website and related services, to establish priorities and allocate resources associated with Website and related services and for other internal informational purposes. The Website may also use Cookies, web beacons or other programs to determine, on an anonymous basis, which portions of Website are most frequently accessed by Users. Users who wish to create Blogs, post comments or actively use other services available through Website may be required to provide contact, identity and other Personal Information as part of the account creation, login and posting processes. Users always have the option to choose not to use services or features which require individuals to provide specific Personal Information.

**5.Collection of Personal Information at Account Creation**. The Website permit individual Users to register for and use personal accounts pursuant to the Terms of Use and other policies, rules, procedures and practices established, posted and modified by The Website from time to time. As part of the account creation process The Website may ask for specific Personal Information about User, including without limitation the User’s name, age, address, e-mail address, login name and password. The Website require this information in order to create and maintain a personal account for or on behalf of User and to provide User with access to certain services offered by or areas of Website. The Website may use Cookies and other available technology to remember User preferences and customized settings, facilitate User access to Website and verify User access to personal accounts.

**6.E-Mail Contact**. Users who register for a personal account must provide the Website with a valid e-mail address and other identifying Personal Information. The Website may use this Personal Information from time to time in order to contact Users for purposes of updating required information and providing important information about (a) services offered by The Website (b) changes to The Website policies, rules, procedures and practices and (c) User’s personal account. The Website does not and will not sell or disclose User names or e-mail addresses to third parties. 

**7.Nondisclosure of Private Information.** The Website will not sell or disclose the Personal Information of any User except as reasonably required (a) by law or to comply with legal process served on the Website, (b) to comply with the Terms of Use, Disclaimer, Privacy Policy and other Website policies, rules, procedures and practices, (c) to develop, improve, operate, maintain and debug Website or (d) to protect and defend the rights, property and personal safety of Company, Website, Users or members of the public.

**8.User Access to Personal Information**. Each User may access his or her own Personal Information and account information for the limited purposes of viewing, verifying, altering or updating Personal Information provided to The Website. The Website reserve the right to keep copies of all information provided to The Website.

**9.Links to Other Websites.** Website may contain links to other Internet websites (“External Links”). External Links may be provided by advertisers, Users or other third-party content providers not related to or affiliated with the Website. The Website have no control over third-parties or their websites, whether or not those websites link to or from Website. This Privacy Policy, along with the Terms of Use, Disclaimer and other Website policies, rules, procedures and practices apply only to Website and do not apply to any External Links or linked sites. Users are advised and strongly encouraged to carefully review and understand the individual privacy policies of other websites. The Website accept no responsibility or liability for the privacy policies or actions of third parties or for information provided to third parties, whether or not linked to or accessed through Website.

**10.Privacy Rights**. Personal Information and other information posted or linked to or otherwise incorporated in Website may be owned by third parties and subject to a variety of legal rights, including without limitation privacy and publicity rights. Use of information appearing on Website is subject to the Terms of Use and applicable law. Use of information appearing on Website without the permission of the Owner ('Karma 2.0') may result in liability for a variety of claims, including without limitation claims for violation of privacy rights. No person may use or commercially exploit the rights of the subject of an interview, document, article, Blog, e-mail, photograph or other form of communication, whether or not containing visual representations, without the consent of the subject, except as permitted by the Terms of Use or applicable law.

**11.Changes to Privacy Policy.** The Website reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time, with or without cause or prior notice. The Website will post all changes to the Privacy Policy on Website. Changes to the Privacy Policy are effective immediately upon posting. Users are responsible for reviewing the Privacy Policy regularly. Use of Website indicates User’s full and complete agreement to the terms of the Privacy Policy as if User had signed a written document containing the Privacy Policy. Use of information gathered by or in the possession of The Website is subject to the Privacy Policy as in effect at the time of use.

Effective from 1st January 2007 
