> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the designingbuildings.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181029121301id_/https%3A//www.designingbuildings.co.uk/wiki/Privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - Designing Buildings Wiki

This privacy policy applies as between you, the user of Designing Buildings Wiki and Designing Buildings Limited the owner and provider of Designing Buildings Wiki (the website). It applies to our use of any and all personal information collected by us in relation to your use of the website and any services or systems therein. 

In this privacy policy the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

  * “Account” means collectively the personal information and credentials used by users to access material and / or any communications system on the website; 
  * "Cookie" means a small amount of data generated by the website and saved by your web browser; 
  * “Personal information” means collectively all information that you submit to the website. This includes, but is not limited to, account details and information submitted using any of our services systems; 
  * “Service” means collectively any online facilities, tools, services or information that Designing Buildings Limited makes available through the website either now or in the future; 
  * “System” means any online communications infrastructure that Designing Buildings Limited makes available through the website either now or in the future. 
  * “User” / “Users” means any party that accesses the website and is not employed by Designing Buildings Limited and acting in the course of their employment; and 
  * “Website” means the website that you are currently using (Designing Buildings Wiki). 



##  Account information and registration 

You do not need to create an account to use Designing Buildings Wiki. An account is only necessary to create articles, or to perform more than 5 edits in a day. 

If you want to create an account, you only need to tell us your username, password, email address, profession and location. We use this information for internal record keeping, improvement of our service, transmission by email of materials you have agreed to receive, and to customise or update the website. Your username will be publicly visible, so you should only use your real name if you are happy to be identified. 

Other information can be added to your account at your discretion. 

You can request that we delete your user account, but your username may still appear on the website, as any contributions you have made will still be associated with that username (See Your contributions below). 

##  Information we receive automatically 

We receive some information automatically, such as; your IP address, the type of device you are using, the type and version of your browser, your browser's language preference, the type and version of your device's operating system, your internet service provider or mobile carrier, the website that referred you to Designing Buildings Wiki, which pages you request and visit, and the date and time of each request you make. 

We may use this information to analyse the performance of the website and to improve your user experience. 

##  Your contributions 

When you make a contribution to Designing Buildings Wiki, including; changing or creating articles, adding comments and uploading files, a permanent, public record is created. This record will show when your contribution was made, as well as your username (if you are signed in) or your IP address (if you are not signed in). This allows a revision history to be created, enabling revisions by users to be viewed and if necessary undone, and occasionally for abusive users to be blocked from making further contributions. 

If you do not want to have this information permanently recorded, you should not make contributions to the website. 

You should be aware that your IP address can be used to infer information about you, such as your location. 

##  Newsletters 

If you subscribe to the Designing Buildings Wiki newsletter, we will keep a record of your email address, username, profession and the date that you subscribed. This information is shared with the newsletter management service we use to design and distribute newsletters. 

We also use single pixel gifs (sometimes referred to as web beacons) in newsletter emails. These contain unique identifiers that enable us to recognise when subscribers have opened an email or clicked certain links. 

You can unsubscribe by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any newsletter you receive from us. 

##  Cookie policy 

A cookie is a small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. Its purpose is to remember information about you. 

Cookies used on Designing Buildings Wiki are: 

  * db_cookiemessage_shown. This is set when the cookies statement at the top of the site is closed. This cookie is set to expire after 1 year. 
  * DESIGNINGBUILDINGS. This is the Designing Buildings Wiki session cookie for storing information about logged in users. This is set to expire after 1 month. 
  * __sharethis_cookie_test. Used for the Sharethis function, allowing you to share pages from the website with others. Sharethis may use information collected to serve adverts to you based on your previous visits to this website or other websites. You can opt of Sharethis adverts by visiting [Sharethis Privacy](https://www.sharethis.com/privacy/). 
  * OAID. Designing Buildings Wiki Advert delivery, for tracking the performance of adverts we may place on the website. 
  * __cfduid. This is a system of distributed servers that deliver the website to you, based on your geographic location. 
  * _ga and _gid. Google Analytics, Goolge Console and Google Adsense. These record analytics about the way Designing Buildings Wiki is used and deliver and track google adverts tailored to you. You may opt out of personalised Google advertising by visiting [Ads Settings](https://www.google.co.uk/settings/ads). 



By default, your browser will accept cookies, however they can be disabled. Disabling cookies may prevent you from using the full range of services available on the website. You may also delete cookies, however you may lose any information that enables you to access the website more quickly. For further details please consult the help menu in your browser. 

We may employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters that may include, but are not limited to: 

  * Payment handling. 
  * Server provision. 
  * Website development. 
  * Data storage. 
  * Analytics facilities. 
  * Advertising, sales and marketing. 
  * Sharing website content on other platforms. 
  * Newsletter management. 
  * Regulatory requirements. 



The providers of such services have access to certain personal information provided by you. Any such information is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that we request. 

We strive to protect your information from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure. We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures (such as access control procedures, network firewalls, and physical security) to protect our systems and your personal information. However no method of transmission on the internet or electronic storage can be completely secure and Designing Buildings Limited gives no warranty as to absolute security. 

Designing Buildings Limited may, from time to time, expand or reduce its business and this may involve the sale of certain divisions or the transfer of control of certain divisions to other parties. Information provided by you will, where it is relevant, be transferred along with that division, and the new owner or newly-controlling party will, under the terms of this policy, be permitted to use the information for the purposes for which it was provided by you. 

If at any point you believe the information we have received from you is incorrect you can ask to see this information and have it corrected or deleted. If you wish to raise a complaint about how we have handled your information, you can ask us to investigate the matter. 

The registered office of Designing Buildings Limited (Registered in England and Wales Company No 7390516) is Kirkleas, Old Road, Buckland, Surrey RH3 7DZ. We can be contacted at [info@designingbuildings.co.uk](mailto:info@designingbuildings.co.uk). We may retain communications for our records. 

If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are not processing your information in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) [https://ico.org.uk](https://ico.org.uk/). 

We reserve the right to change this privacy policy as we deem necessary or as may be required by law. We will notify users of material changes to our privacy policy by prominently identifying a link on the website home page to the updated privacy policy for a period of not less than two weeks. You will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the revised privacy policy on your first use of the website following the alterations. 

The general terms and conditions governing your use of this website are set out at <https://www.designingbuildings.co.uk/wiki/Terms_and_Conditions>
