> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the destinationmaternity.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130405102058id_/http%3A//www.destinationmaternity.com/RetailSitesPrivacyPolicy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# retailsitesprivacypolicy | Destination Maternity

## Your Privacy

We respect your privacy. Our goal is to be your trusted, objective source of information, products and services for all of your maternity and nursing needs. We want you to make the most of our products and services and feel confident while doing so.

**_We have a clear privacy policy: we collect no private, personal information unless you voluntarily supply it._**

This Privacy Policy explains under what circumstances we gather your individually identifiable information, how we use it, and who may access that information. It also provides you the means to "opt-out" of providing personal information that you do not wish to provide and to access, or change any identifying information already collected.

We believe that your privacy is of the utmost importance, which is why this statement regarding privacy of personally identifiable information provided online conforms to the Federal Trade Commission's fair information practices of notice, choice, access, and security. We hope that you will provide comments on how we can improve our privacy policy so that we may better accommodate your needs. Please provide any comments to [ci@destinationmaternity.com](mailto:ci@destinationmaternity.com)

By providing us your information in-store or by using any of our web sites, you consent to the collection and use of information as set forth in this Privacy Policy, and to our right to amend this Privacy Policy. All revisions made to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our web sites (listed immediately below).

**This Privacy Policy applies only to our retail stores and our retail and e-commerce web sites, online services, applications and social networking platforms operated by Destination Maternity Corporation and its affiliates, which include, without limitation:[www.apeainthepod.com](http://www.apeainthepod.com/); [www.motherhood.com](http://www.motherhood.com/); [www.motherhoodnursing.com](http://www.motherhood.com/nursinghome.asp); [www.destinationmaternity.com](http://www.destinationmaternity.com/); [m.destinationmaternity.com](http://www.destinationmaternity.com/mobile); and [www.edamamespa.com](http://www.edamamespa.com/) (the "Retail Web Sites").**

**For the Privacy Policy that applies to our corporate informational web site please go to[www.destinationmaternitycorporation.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20130405102058id_/http%3A//www.destinationmaternity.com/%22http://www.destinationmaternitycorporation.com%22).**

**Access to and use of the Retail Web Sites is also governed by our[Terms and Conditions of Use](http://www.destinationmaternity.com/TermsandConditions.asp) which are also linked to our Retail Web Sites.**

## Personal Information We Collect Online

When you shop in our stores or visit any of the Retail Web Sites, we do not collect any personally identifiable information without your consent. If you are simply perusing our Retail Web Sites, we collect no personally identifiable information from you. We do, however, utilize cookies on our Retail Web Sites. "Cookies" are small data files stored on your own computer's hard drive. They are generated by web sites such as the Retail Web Sites to provide users with a personalized and enhanced online experience. By assigning and storing a random user name cookie on your hard drive, we are able to offer you personalized collection, filtering, and delivery of information that we feel will be of the greatest interest and value to you. This includes not only our web sites' original content, but also advertisements especially targeted to you in accordance with your content preferences and traffic patterns, as revealed by the cookie. Overall, aggregated usage information helps us improve our offerings by showing us how different areas of the web sites are being used. No personally identifiable information is transmitted via these cookies. Cookies, by themselves, cannot be used to reveal or discover the identity of the individual user; your acceptance of our cookie will not compromise your anonymity while using our web site. If you choose to reject the cookie, you may still use our web site although certain functions and applications may be disallowed as a result, and you will not benefit from the personalized and enhanced services discussed throughout this policy.

In order to purchase an item from any of the Retail Web Sites, enter into a sweepstakes sponsored by any of the Retail Web Sites, utilize certain of our online services, contribute to or comment on a blog post, or submit a comment or question to us using a "contact us" or similar feature that may be available on the Retail Web Sites, you will be required to enter certain minimal amount of personal information (e.g., name, address, email address, etc.) that is required to accomplish, for example, the purchase transaction or enter the sweepstakes. In addition, with respect to purchases in our stores, you will be required to provide certain minimal amount of personal information necessary to complete your purchase (such as, allowing us to swipe your credit or debit card if you decide to complete your purchase transaction using a credit or debit card). Providing additional information beyond this essential information to complete your transaction is your choice. Both with respect to our stores and our Retail Web Sites, we will never require you to provide us with any additional non-essential personal information in order to complete a retail transaction.

In addition, separate from your retail transaction, either in one of our stores or through our Retail Web Sites, you will be asked to voluntarily provide or enter certain nontransaction-related information. For instance, in our stores, we may ask you, separate from the purchase transaction, whether you would like to "opt-in" to our customer database by providing us with certain additional information (such as your name, address, email address, age, pregnancy-related information, etc.), and on our Retail Web Sites we may ask you to provide certain demographic information (e.g., age, pregnancy-related information, etc.). However, disclosure of this nontransaction-related additional information **_is not required_** to complete a purchase from any of our stores or Retail Web Sites. 

Although we encourage you to volunteer such optional information so we may provide a more personalized experience for you and thus deliver greater value to you, you have the choice to provide, or not provide, such additional information.

## How We Protect Your Information

We are dedicated to the security of your personal information, and take every commercially reasonable precaution to maintain that protection. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and facilitate the appropriate use of information, we use physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to attempt to protect the personal information we collect from you. Encryption tools are used when collecting or transferring sensitive information such as names and addresses. Additional database content is protected either by means of a two-key encryption algorithm or behind a firewall using security software. Access to the database is limited to our employees who have a legitimate business need to access the personal information contained therein and to our contractors and service providers who we require to keep all information to which they have access completely confidential. Our Retail Web Sites may contain links to third-party social networking and blogging platforms (such as Facebook, Twitter, Wordpress, Instagram and Pinterest) or contain banners, widgets or advertisements that utilize a "Share It!" or similar button that direct you to other web sites not subject to this Privacy Policy (including other sites that may be co-branded with our brands). Whenever you leave our Retail Web Sites, the privacy policies posted on the third-party web site will govern the collection, protection and use of your information.

If you have any questions about the security of your information, please contact us by email at [ci@destinationmaternity.com](mailto:ci@destinationmaternity.com).

## Our Use of Your Personal Information

Personal information disclosed during a purchase will be utilized to complete your purchase transaction and, with respect to orders requiring shipment, to ship purchased items to you. Information collected in connection with a sweepstakes will be utilized to contact you in the event you win one of the offered prizes. Demographic information is specifically used for purposes of monitoring or improving our stores and the use of and satisfaction with the Retail Web Sites, as well as the other purposes identified below.

In addition to the uses of personal information listed above, we may utilize personal information that you provide to us to contact you regarding products, services, and information we believe you would find useful, and we may also contact you to ask your opinion on various topics that may be of interest to you and/or may help us serve you better. We also may store and use your personal information for our own internal purposes including list management and demographic matching with other internal database information.

Additionally, composite tracking information generated by cookies for traffic accounting and content analysis may be shared with third parties for the purpose of documenting site activity and other trends. We emphasize that the foregoing statistical information is not linked to any personal information and cannot identify any individual user of our web site.

If you participate in our online services or access certain public or other interactive areas on the Retail Web Sites, such as commenting on our blog or by creating a public profile, the information you voluntarily disclose may be accessible to other Retail Web Site users and, in some cases, the general public. In the case of our blog, we reserve the right to review and moderate any information that you submit and may delete, move or edit messages at our discretion including, without limitation, those that we deem abusive, defamatory, profane, obscene, in violation of privacy, copyright or trademark laws, or in violation of any law or this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions of Use, or are otherwise unacceptable.

At times, we may incorporate some third-party social networking features on the Retail Web Sites or utilize third-party provided platforms to publish or manage the Retail Web Sites or portions thereof. We may also share your personal information with other companies or organizations that have a product or service we believe may be of interest to you or that would like to contact you to ask your opinion on various topics that may be of interest to you and/or may help them serve you better. However, you always have the right to direct us not to share your information with third parties (see "Choice" below).

Please note that you will not be able to opt out with regard to the collection and disclosure of aggregate information. Such information does not include anything personally identifiable, however, and simply reflects statistical analysis of various aspects of web site usage. Also, we reserve the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the web site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.

## Choice

We believe that choice is one of the most important privacy principles.

You have the choice not to submit any personally identifiable information to us (although under such circumstances if the minimum amount of retail transaction-related information is not provided you would be unable to purchase items from the Retail Web Sites, sign up online for classes at our Learning Studios, post comments on our blog or participate in our contests and sweepstakes). You also may choose to submit only those mandatory fields of data absolutely required to, for example, complete a purchase, sign up for classes or participate in a contest or sweepstakes. For instance, with respect to in store purchases, you are **_never_** required to provide us with any personal information beyond that minimal amount required to complete your purchase transaction (such as allowing us to swipe your credit or debit card for purchases in which you choose to pay with your credit or debit card), and you are **_never_** required to provide us with additional personal information as a condition to using a credit or debit card. 

Finally, you may choose to limit the use of or access to your personally identifiable information by requesting that we refrain from sharing all such information with any third parties. You may opt out in this way at any time simply by contacting us at [ci@destinationmaternity.com](mailto:ci@destinationmaternity.com), or at the address and phone number listed at the end of this Privacy Policy.

Likewise, should you prefer not to receive email communications from us, we provide a mechanism for opting out of this service at the time of data collection. Additionally, each email message we send you will clearly state how you may opt out of receiving emails. Please note however that requests to opt out from our email list may take up to ten business days to process, and it is possible that in that time you may receive further emails from us. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. In addition, despite previously having opted out of receiving emails from us, you may still receive emails regarding sweepstakes sponsored by any of the Retail Web Sites in which you participate.

Please note that you will not be able to opt out with regard to the collection and disclosure of aggregate information. Such information does not include anything personally identifiable, however, and simply reflects statistical analysis of various aspects of web site usage.

In the event that any of our stores or any of the Retail Web Sites are merged with or sold to another company, your personal information will be transferred to the surviving company, who will be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.

## Privacy of Children’s Information

We believe that it's especially important to protect children's privacy online and encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to participate and monitor their Internet activity. We comply with all applicable national and international children's privacy regulations. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13). We sell no products for purchase by children, and all children's products sold through any of the Retail Web Sites are for purchase by adults only.

## Access and Accuracy

We aim to keep your personally identifiable information as accurate as possible. By contacting us at [ci@destinationmaternity.com](mailto:ci@destinationmaternity.com), or at the address or phone number at the end of this Privacy Policy, you may add to or change any individual information you have provided to us. Should you at any time desire to opt out from receiving communications from us, you may contact us at [ci@destinationmaternity.com](mailto:ci@destinationmaternity.com). After receipt of such a request, we will designate your information as "Do Not Contact" as soon as commercially reasonable.

## Links; Online Discussions

The Retail Web Sites may contain links to other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our sites and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. Users should be particularly aware that certain links from our sites may be "framed" by a banner from one of the Retail Web Sites at the top of the third-party site's web pages. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the Retail Web Sites, and none of the Retail Web Sites bears any responsibility for any actions or policies of such third-party web sites including all framed sites.

## Changes to our Privacy Policy

From time to time, it may be necessary for us to change this Privacy Policy. If we change our policy, we will post the revised version on each of our Retail Websites, so we suggest that you check here periodically for the most up-to-date version of our Privacy Policy.

## Give Us Your Feedback

Our goal is to protect your privacy. To comment on or help us improve this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at [ci@destinationmaternity.com](mailto:ci@destinationmaternity.com) or at:

Destination Maternity Corporation

Attn: Customer Service

456 North Fifth Street

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19123

1 800-4Mom2Be (1 800-466-6223)
