> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shiftfrequency.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151228080132id_/http%3A//www.shiftfrequency.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# This privacy policy applies only to Shift Frequency

**Shift Frequency takes your privacy seriously.** The federal government and technology industry have developed [practical tips](http://web.archive.org/web/20151223192725/http://www.onguardonline.gov/) to help you guard against Internet fraud, secure your computer and protect your personal information. **This privacy policy applies only to Shift Frequency** This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Shift Frequency does not own or control, or to people that Shift Frequency does not employ or manage. **Information We Collect** In operating our website we may collect and process the following data about you:

i. Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.

ii. Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.

 **Use of Cookies** We gather general (non-personal) information about your computer to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website to our advertisers. Such information will not identify you personally. It is statistical data about our visitors’ use of our site Our advertisers likely use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our website. Please note: **All computers have the ability to decline cookies**. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website. **Use of Your Information** We do not collect, store, or reveal information about identifiable individuals to advertisers but we may, on occasion, provide potential advertisers with aggregate statistical information about our visitors. **Disclosing Your Information** We do not collect your data other than that required for server logs concerning traffic flow to and from this server. You will never be identified beyond the information concerning the ip address used to access Shift Frequency. Data logs are deleted at regularly-scheduled maintenance and server back-up intervals. **Third Party Links** You will find links to third party websites on Shift Frequency. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them. **Access To Information** The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access the information that we hold about you. We do not keep any information concerning your browsing habits on this blog. However, there are 3rd party advertisers who may store cookies and ip addresses related to your browsing activity when you click on a served advertisement. **Fair Use Notice** Most articles on this site contain copyrighted material whose use has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. I am making this material available to Shift Frequency visitors to advance the understanding of environmental issues, human rights, economic and political democracy, and issues of social justice. This constitutes a ‘fair use’ of the copyrighted material as provided for in Section 107 of the US Copyright Law which contains a list of the various purposes for which the reproduction of a particular work may be considered fair, such as criticism, comment, _news reporting_ , _teaching_ , scholarship, and _research_. If you wish to use such copyrighted material for purposes of your own that go beyond ‘fair use’…you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. **Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement** If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our copyright agent the written information specified below. Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying us that your copyrighted material has been infringed.

  * An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
  * A description of and link to the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;
  * A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on Shift Frequency
  * Your contact information;
  * A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
  * A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.



The Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on this site is the Publisher, Shift Frequency, **Contacting Us** We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to [contact us](mailto:gcgrann@gmail.com).

© 2012 – 2015 Shift Frequency. All rights reserved.
