> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shineads.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181004181504id_/http%3A//shineads.net/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Shineads.net-Privacy Policy

##  Shineads.net Privacy Policy 

##  (Last Revised Sept. 11, 2011)

shineads.net, its affiliates, licensors and licensees, (“shineads” or “we”), are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to any web site that references this Privacy Policy and is provided by shineads (“Web site”) and to those shineads-owned software products (“Software”) made available to you from a Web site. Please see below for important information on third party software products made available from the Web sites. This Privacy Policy also governs information that you provide to us or that we learn from you when you use our Web sites and Software (collectively “Products”). When we collect your information from our Products, we will tell you how we may collect, use, and, in some instances, share this information.

###  What We Collect and Use

**Cookies :**
     By accessing any Web site, shineads may place cookies on your hard drive. shineads uses cookies to enable you to sign in to certain services and to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server. Some cookies are used only to assist you with your session on a Web site—such cookies expire automatically after you terminate your session. shineads also uses cookies to improve the sign-in experience on certain Web sites. For example, your user ID may be stored in a cookie that will remain on your computer after you terminate your session. This cookie allows your user ID to be pre-populated, so that you will only need to type your password the next time you sign in. Finally, shineads may place a cookie on your hard disk on behalf of a sponsor when an advertisement for that sponsor is shown, so that the sponsor can measure the effectiveness of that advertisement. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies can only be accessed or read by the domain that placed them. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use certain features of a Web site that depend on cookies.
**User-Provided Information:**
     In order to utilize the services at some Web sites you may be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information (“PII”), such as account information (user name and password), credit card information (card type, account number, expiration date, and billing address), banking information (Swift/ABA routing number, account number, bank name and address), PayPal email, email address, IM user ID, name and company name, tax identification number, and home or work address and telephone number, as well as certain demographic information such as city, state, country and zip code. shineads uses your PII to deliver the services you have requested and to communicate with you, including certain mandatory service communications such as welcome letters, billing reminders, information on technical service issues, and security announcements. We may also occasionally send you product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from shineads. All such information is provided voluntarily by you. If you provide a friend’s email address to shineads for the “refer-a-friend” feature, we use that email address only for the purpose of sending your friend the email you requested. No PII is utilized by shineads for the purpose of displaying advertisements or for profiling. shineads does not sell, rent or lease PII to third parties.
**No Information from Minors :**
     You must be at least 18 years of age to use the Products.
**IP Addresses:**
     Your use of the Products will involve the transmission of your Internet protocol address (“IP Address”) to shineads's servers. This IP Address is necessary for communication with you via the Internet and may be used and stored on our servers. We use IP Addresses to determine the general geographic locations of our users; we do not link IP addresses to identify you personally for marketing purposes. shineads does not share non-PII (pseudonymous) information with third parties.
**Third Party Collection:**
     The Software will display to you targeted web sites and/or advertisements that are hosted by third parties (“Third Party Hosted Advertisements”). These Third Party Hosted Advertisements may place cookies on your hard drive and use the cookies to tailor delivery of content to you by profiling your use of a web site or advertisements that you select. These Third Party Hosted Advertisements may collect information such as your IP address, your browser type and the date and time that the targeted Third Party Hosted Advertisement was served to you. To learn about how certain of these third parties collect and use information visit [http://www.networkadvertising.org.](http://www.networkadvertising.org/)
**Disclosure:**
     shineads may disclose your information as it believes is reasonably necessary to comply with law, regulation, or other governmental authority, or to prevent harm to yourself or others. shineads may also disclose your information upon a transfer or sale to another entity of all or substantially all of shineads's stock or assets in shineads’s line of business to which this Privacy Policy relates or upon any other corporate reorganization.
**Control of your Personal Information:**
     shineads offers you choices for the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information. You may choose not to receive marketing materials from shineads, and you may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from shineads by following the specific instructions in the e-mail you receive. These communications choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are considered part of certain shineads services, which you may receive periodically unless you cancel the service. You may have the ability to view or edit your personal information, and can either do so through the applicable Web site or by writing to us using our Contact Us form. We will contact you within 30 days regarding your request.
**Linking to Other Sites:**
     A link on a Web site or on a Third Party web site does not imply shineads’s endorsement of such linked web site, advertiser, or product. We do not necessarily control the web sites to which we link and, in any event, assume no responsibility for their content or privacy policies. Any information that you provide to linked web sites, or other third parties, is provided directly to such third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy. Therefore, you should carefully review the privacy policies that apply to any web sites you access from the Products, and any advertisers you respond to. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected byshineads.
**Changes and Updates :**
     shineads reserves the right to change the provisions of this Privacy Policy at any time. shineads will post those changes on the privacy page of each Web site so you can be aware of what information we collect and how we use it. Your use of the Products following the posting of any change to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any such changes. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy frequently to make sure that you understand how shineads collects, uses, and discloses information.
 
