> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shirtsmyway.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-02-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190227230722id_/http%3A//www.shirtsmyway.com/privacy_security.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy & Security | ShirtsMyWay

Thank you for shopping at www.ShirtsMyWay.com. Ensuring the privacy and security of your personal information is very important to us. We take your privacy rights seriously and employ industry-standard security technology to safeguard your personal information. Our privacy and security policy here describes what information we collect about you and how we respectfully use it. In using our site, you accept the practices described here.

We use cookies to make your shopping experience better. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your browser. Most browsers are set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies from sites or to remove cookies, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of this site. We have to use cookies to enable you to select products, place them in an online shopping cart, and to purchase those products. As with most sites, we may also log your IP address, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes.

The purpose of collecting information from you is to provide a better shopping experience. We use the information to help make this site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once, and help you quickly find information, products, and services. The use of cookies and log files is a very common practice for ecommerce sites. You can feel safe when shopping at www.ShirtsMyWay.com. 

The personal information you provide us while creating/updating your account and at checkout, such as name, email, delivery address, credit card information, etc. is kept on our secure web server and in our internal systems. We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service. We may use this information for future marketing initiatives and to help us improve your overall shopping experience.

We use your personal information to improve our outreach and for our own marketing efforts, including marketing our services and products to you, and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to this website. We will use your information to communicate with you about our site and your orders and deliveries. We will always treat your personal details as private.

We offer those who have signed up on our mailing list notice of sales discounts, new merchandise, along with other news. The email addresses collected at www.shirtsmyway.com are only used internally. We respect your privacy rights and will not sell, rent, trade, license or otherwise disclose your email address to anyone. You will, of course, not receive spam or other unwanted mail from us. The information we collect is purely used to serve you better.

When you sign up for our mailing list, you may be asked to specify which types of emails you would like to receive from us. This helps us in communicating with you the way you want. We reserve the right to send you important service emails that are related to your orders or your information. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails. If you would like to be removed from our mailing list, please email mailinglist@shirtsmyway.com.

The orders that you place on our website are encrypted using safe SSL technology, which employs mutual authentication, data encryption, and data integrity for secure transactions, so rest assured that your transactions are protected. With SSL implemented on both the client and server, information sent during sensitive transactions via the internet can be trusted to arrive securely to our server.

We also take steps to protect your personal information at our facilities. Access to your personal information is restricted. Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a particular task are granted access to your personal information. We rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware. When you visit our website, you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment, behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall. Please note that email is not encrypted and therefore not considered a secure means of transmitting sensitive credit card data. We never request or send sensitive information via email. Should you still have concerns about ordering online, get in touch with us: suppport@shirtsmyway.com.
