> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the setanta.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080622223914id_/http%3A//www.setanta.com/en/UK/Footer/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Setanta Sports

Effective as of: December 18th 2007: The setanta.com Web site (the 'Site') is maintained by SETANTA SPORT Sarl. ('SETANTA SPORT Sarl,' 'us,' 'our,' or 'we'). We can also be reached by telephone on 08700 50 69 80 or email . Our data collection and use policies with respect to the Site are set forth in this statement ('Policy'). By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this Policy. 

Definitions   
When reviewing this Policy you should understand that when we use the term "personally identifiable information" we mean any information that can be used to identify or to contact a specific individual, such as a name, address, telephone number or email address. When we refer to "aggregate information" we mean information that does not allow us to identify or contact a specific individual but describes a general category of information about visitors to the Site, such as demographics, or visitors using a particular browser to access the Site. 

What types of personally identifiable information does Setanta Sports collect on the Site?   
We collect various types of personally identifiable information from visitors to the Site. For instance, visitors may choose to subscribe to Setanta Sports via the Site ("Member") or in order to participate in certain activities on the Site and enjoy special benefits offered only to Members. To subscribe visitors are required to provide their name, postal address, and email address. Personally identifiable information may also be requested in connection with a sweepstake or other competitions, survey or other activities on the Site. Visitors who wish to purchase products from the Site will also be asked to provide their shipping and/or delivery (if different from the postal address) addresses, telephone number and credit card information. Use of Share is governed by the Site's Terms of Use

Can I review or change information I have previously provided to Setanta Sports?Yes. If you want to review, correct, or change personal information that you have previously provided to us, please email [setantasportsuk@setanta.com](mailto:setantasportsuk@sentanta.com) and we will provide you with your information and allow you to amend it. 

Does Setanta Sports collect any other information about visitors to the Site?   
We constantly seek to maintain the integrity of, and make improvements to, the Site. As part of these efforts, we collect and analyse certain information about how visitors use the Site. When you visit our Site, we may collect various types of technical data, which we maintain in both aggregate and personally identifiable forms. This data includes (but is not limited to) domain and/or Web browser information. We may track which Web site you visited before arriving at the Site and the Web site you link to when you leave the Site. We may also keep a record of which pages of the Site you visit, and how long you spend on each page. 

What does Setanta Sports do with information collected on the Site?   
We will use personally identifiable information provided by visitors to fulfil the purpose for which such information was provided, as described in this Policy, and as disclosed at the time the visitor information is requested. Order information will be used to fulfil customer orders. We may also use postal address information provided by visitors to send them, among other things, Setanta Sports UK offers. Additionally, we may use information about your activities on the Site, your purchases, and your computer equipment to improve the performance of our Site, and to customise the content and layout of our Site pages for you. We may supplement personally identifiable and aggregate information collected from the Site with similar information obtained from our affiliates, companies with whom we have marketing or other business relationships, and other third party sources. We may offer visitors the opportunity to receive special promotions from us and other companies. If a visitor elects to receive such offers (or does not indicate a preference not to receive such information), we will use the information provided by that visitor to send those offers. We use aggregate information collected on the Site to evaluate how the Site is being used. This information does not contain any information that may be personally identified with a specific individual. For example, we may collect and analyse information about how many visitors arrived at certain pages of the Site, how long they stayed on those pages, and where they went afterwards. This information allows us to determine which pages might be the most interesting to and popular with visitors and enables us to provide visitors with a better and richer experience on the Site. We also use personally identifiable information and aggregate information for a variety of marketing and promotional purposes. For instance, we may use information gleaned from your use of the Site or the purchases you make to inform you of new areas of the Site and product specials. This information may also be used to assist companies with whom we have marketing or other business relationships to display advertising or product placements of ours and of those companies that may be of interest to you. 

Can I opt-out of receiving email promotions from Setanta Sports ?   
Yes. You may choose not to receive promotional emails or newsletters from us by not checking permission boxes when completing any online forms or by sending us an email with “remove” in the subject line. We will respond to a request made pursuant to these methods as promptly as practicable. Even if you elect to stop receiving promotional emails from us, we may still contact you to tell you important information about us or the Site. 

Does Setanta Sports share visitor information with other companies?   
We will not intentionally share your personally identifiable information with unaffiliated entities (i) except as described in this Policy or as disclosed at the time your personally identifiable information is provided, or (ii) without your consent. We do, however, share aggregate information about Members and visitors to our Site with third parties and we share visitor and Member personally identifiable information with companies with whom we have a marketing or other business relationship. We may also disclose personally identifiable information and aggregate information in order to (1) comply with applicable laws, (2) respond to governmental inquiries, (3) comply with valid legal process, and (4) protect the rights or property of Setanta Sports UK. In the event there is a change in the corporate structure of Setanta Sports UK such as, but not limited to, merger, consolidation, sale, liquidation, or transfer of substantial assets, Setanta Sports UK may, in its sole discretion, transfer, sell or assign information collected on and through this Site, including without limitation, personally identifiable information and aggregate information concerning visitors, to one or more affiliated or unaffiliated third parties. Certain activities and services available on the Site are provided by third parties. For example, if you choose to purchase a product from us, we may use an outside vendor to process and ship the order to you. In this instance, we would need to provide your shipping address to this entity. We may also utilise an outside email service provider to send our emails, in which case we would need to provide your email address to this vendor. 

If I link to another Web site and provide information to that Web site, how will that information be handled?   
This Site may contain links to other Web sites. If you link to another Web site, you will leave this Site and this Policy will not apply to your use of, and activities on, those other Web sites. We encourage you to read the legal notices posted on those other Web sites, including their privacy policies. We shall have no responsibility or liability for your visitation to, and the data collection and use practices of, those Web sites. 

How does Setanta Sports protect the information I provide to the Site?   
We take reasonable precautions to safeguard information transmitted between visitors and the Site and information stored on our servers. We use Secure Servers to store all data and encryption for the transmission of data to our servers during the subscription process.. Despite these efforts, however, we may be unable to prevent and shall not be responsible for unauthorized access to such information by third parties. 

Where will Setanta Sports store and maintain information about me?   
We maintain this Site in the Republic of Ireland . By providing personal and other information to this Site, visitors understand and consent to the collection and processing of such information in, and the transfer of such information to, the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland and other countries or territories, in accordance with the terms of this Policy. 

Can Setanta Sports change this Policy?   
Yes. We reserve the right to change this Policy in order to address future developments of Setanta Sports or the Site or changes in industry or legal trends. Depending on the nature of the change, we will either announce the change (1) on the home page of the Site, (2) provide such notice via email to Members, customers, and others who provide us with their email address, or (3) take such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances. By continuing to use the Site following an announcement of any change, you will be deemed to have agreed to such change. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or part, please do not continue using this Site.
