> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the settingforfour.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-11-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181116113309id_/https%3A//www.settingforfour.com/about/disclosure-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy & Disclosure Policies - Setting for Four

The following is the Privacy, Disclosure and Photo Useage Policies for Setting for Four/Heather Luckhurst. 

## **Privacy and Photo Usage  Policies for www.settingforfour.com **

****If you require any more information or have any questions about this privacy policy, please feel free to email settingforfour@gmail.com.

As the owner of this website (the “Site”), **Heather Luckhurst**  (“we” or “us”) understand that your privacy is of critical importance.  This Privacy Policy describes what information we collect from you via the Site and how we use and disclose such information.

#### **My  Disclosure Policy**

Occasionally Setting for Four/Heather Luckhurst accepts forms of compensation in the form of cash advertising, sponsorship, affiliate links, paid insertions or other forms of compensation to pay for my expenses and keep our website and social media pages up and running.

Some of my posts contain affiliate links. You are not obligated to click on any link or buy any products that are advertised. If you click on an affiliate link and buy something, I may receive a very small commission.  It does NOT result in additional charges to you or cost you anything extra. Mentions of associated products/services/businesses within the content of my blog may or may not be noted as an affiliate in every reference.  The affiliate money I earn per month helps pay the fees to keep this site up and running. Thanks so much for your support!

I am a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com

This blog abides by word of mouth marketing standards. We believe in honesty of relationship, opinion and identity. The compensation received may influence the advertising content, topics or posts made in this blog. That content, advertising space or post will be clearly identified as paid or sponsored content. This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

All advertising in the form of advertisements on my blog are generated by a third party ad network.  Those advertisements are paid advertisements.  This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

I am sometimes compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics.  Even though I sometimes receive compensation for posts or advertisements, I always give my honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products.  The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely my own.  Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

#### **Disclaimer**

The information presented on Setting for Four is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only and is not meant to be taken as professional trade advice. We take no responsibility for what you do with this knowledge. We can not be held responsible for any property or medical damages caused by items you read about on our website. The material shared throughout the Setting for Four website is for informational purposes only. By taking any information or education material fromSetting for Four,  you assume all risks for the material covered. You agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Setting for Four/Heather Luckhurst from any and all claims and damages as a result of any and all of the information covered. By taking and/or using any informational resources fromSetting for Four, you agree that you will use this information in a safe and legal manner, consistent with all applicable laws, safety rules, and good common sense.

The views expressed on this website are personal opinions only. While all attempts are made to present accurate information, it may not be appropriate for your specific circumstances and information may become outdated over time. Please make sure to do your own due diligence and seek a trusted contractor before making any structural changes to your home, or before you construct something from an idea on this site.

Neither Setting for Four nor its members make any representations as to the validity, accuracy, completeness, or suitability of any claims made here. Neither Setting for Four nor its members assume any liability with regard to results based on the use of the information provided here. Furthermore, advertisers, commenters, and linked sites are solely responsible for their views and content – which do not necessarily represent the views of Setting for Four or its members.

#### COPYRIGHT, OWNERSHIP, CONTENT & PHOTO USAGE POLICY

**Ownership Rights:**

#### All materials (including any and all materials incorporating Influencer’s name, signature, likeness and photograph), biography, blog posts and excerpts, images, photographs, social media content/posts and any and all other materials conceived, created or provided on behalf ofHeather Luckhurst/Setting for Four shall be and remain Heather Luckhurst/Setting for Four’s copyright, sole ownership and intellectual property.

I love and appreciate when people share my content! All images on Setting for Four are the Copyright property of Heather Luckhurst/Setting for Four (unless otherwise expressly noted).

However, I have a strict photo usage policy. If you are seeking to share a photo of mine please email me first to request consent. I may or may not give my consent to use and share one photo with a link back to the corresponding page on my site, listing full credit to Setting for Four. Use of my photos without my permission and without proper attribution is strictly prohibited. Do not remove watermarks, crop or otherwise edit photos without written permission from us.

** _ **I   do not allow my images to be directly monetized through affiliate marketing, whether on a website, in a roundup blog post or on a social media platform. My images cannot be used for commercial use or be made shoppable or be monetized without our permission and compensation with my photograph license in a Shopify, Like2Buy platform on IG, any social media platform or retail site product page.  I invest an IMMENSE amount of money, time and effort to style my photographs and rooms, to take the photographs with professional photography equipment that I purchase, to edit the photographs with professional photography software that I purchase, and to publish and host them on my website and social media pages. Please contact me via email settingforfour@gmail.com to seek permission for the commercial use of my images and licensing payment.  **_**

#### **Privacy Policy**

If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact me by email at settingforfour.com.  

At Setting for Four the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance. 

This privacy policy sets out how Setting for Four uses and protects any information that you give while using settingforfour.com.

Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

Setting for Four may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from May 2013.

#### **What we collect**

We may collect the following information:

  * contact information including name and email address
  * information such as post code, preferences and interests
  * other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers



#### **What we do with the information we gather**

We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, in particular for the following reasons:

  * We may use the information to improve our products and services.
  * We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
  * From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.



  
**Log Files** Like many other Web sites, www.settingforfour.com   makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.   
  
**Cookies and Web Beacons** www.settingforfour.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.

**DoubleClick DART Cookie**   Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.settingforfour.com . Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.settingforfour.com  and other sites on the Internet.    
  
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site.   
  
Our advertising partners include Google Adsense, Commission Junction, Adthrive and Amazon. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.settingforfour.com  send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.   
  
Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see www.settingforfour.com  has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.   
  
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.settingforfour.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.   
  
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.

#### **Links to other websites**

Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

#### **Controlling your personal information**

You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

  * whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
  * if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us.
  * For information about opting out of ad serving partners please visit [http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/)



We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.

#### **Unsubscribe or Opt-Out**

All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe to our website please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe. You can also unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe button that is located at the bottom of on all of my emails. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out.

#### **Personal Data Request & Deletion (GDPR)**

You may request your personal data by emailing us at settingforfour@gmail.com. Once data is requested, you will receive an email with all data related to the email submitted. You may then delete that data if you so choose. You may also request that the data be made anonymous.

#### **Security**

Setting for Four shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to its offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user’s personal information under our control.

#### **Acceptance of Terms**

Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.

#### **How to Contact Us**

If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email address: settingforfour@gmail.com

This policy is valid from 08 March 2013

…..

Sign up to my Free newsletter and get your FREE decorating guide: Best Sources for Stylish Decor on a Budget!

Get FREE Decor Tips, Home Inspiration & Recipes!

And You'll Receive  
MY FREE DECORATING GUIDE: **  
The Best Sources For Stylish Decor On A  Budget!!!**  


By signing up, you agree to receive Setting for Four e-mails. Please see our [privacy policy](https://www.settingforfour.com/about/disclosure-policy/) for more information. Although I'd hate to see you go, you may unsubscribe at any time. Your information will never be shared or sold to a 3rd party.
