> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aig.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181224052904id_/http%3A//www.aig.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Insurance from AIG in the US

“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity, such as :

  * Browser and device information;
  * App usage data;
  * Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies;
  * Demographic information and other information provided by you; and
  * Aggregated information 



**How We Collect Other Information  
 **

We and our third-party service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including :

  * **Through your browser or device:   ** Certain information is collected by most websites or automatically through your device, such as your IP address (i.e., your computer’s address on the internet), screen resolution, operating system type (Windows or Mac) and version, device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and version, time of the visit, page(s) visited and the name and version of the AIG On-line Services (such as the App) you are using.  We use this information to ensure that the AIG On-line Services function properly. ** **
  * **Through your use of the App:**  When you download and use the App, we and our service providers may track and collect App usage data, such as the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number.
  * **Using cookies; online tracking:**  Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the device you are using. Cookies allow us to recognize your device and to collect information such as internet browser type, time spent on the AIG On-line Services, pages visited, language preferences, country website preference. We may use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, or to personalize your experience while using the AIG On-line Services. In addition, we may use the information to gather statistical information about the usage of the AIG On-line Services in order to understand how they are used, continually improve their design and functionality, and assist us with resolving questions about them. Cookies further allow us to present to you the advertisements or offers that are most likely to appeal to you. We may also use cookies to track your responses to our advertisements and we may use cookies or other files to track your use of other websites. We do not respond to browser do-not-track signals at this time.

Third parties may collect information about your use of the AIG On-line Services and your use of other websites or online services.  
**  
Below is a description of some of the cookies we may use on the Site, what they do, what data about you they collect and what we may use them for:    
**

  * **Geo Location cookie**   – When a visitor visits the Site for the first time we read their location from their IP address and use this information to  assume the country site that they want to visit. This method is not entirely accurate, however, so when they navigate to a particular country site we use a cookie to store this information and to store the language that they chose to view the site. The next time they visit the Site we read the cookie and present the same country and language version they used on their last visit. This has the intended benefit that they don’t need to reselect the country site they need each time they visit an AIG site.  No Personal Information is collected or used by the cookie.
  * **Site Catalyst cookie (by Adobe)**  – This cookie enables us to collect and analyze data about how visitors arrive at the Site and then how they interact with the Site, including products they may search, content they may view, and the steps leading up to a completed or abandoned sale.  We use this aggregated information to adapt the Site to better serve their and other users’ needs and interests, and to provide more relevant and useful information. The cookie is placed on a visitor’s PC on a temporary basis only.  The cookie does not collect or use their Personal Information. Instead, it logs an anonymous code which identifies users and this code “follows” the user in their journey through the Site.  We use the aggregated and anonymous information for statistical analysis.
  * **DoubleClick cookies**  \- We place a tracking pixel cookie on to all Site visitors’ computers for the purpose of our banner advertising activity. We use these cookies to know that a visitor has been on the Site before which allows us to display an appropriate banner ad on to an affiliated network website. No Personal Information is collected.  One of the advertisement companies that we use is Google, Inc, trading as DoubleClick.  For more information on the DoubleClick cookie, or to opt out from the DoubleClick advertisement cookie please visit: http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/ .
  * **Affiliate cookie**  – We use a tracking pixel cookie, which is put on a visitor’s PC and collects only the transaction ID (which identifies the affiliated website the visitor has come from) and a time and date stamp.  This enables our affiliate network partners to track affiliated sales and ensure an affiliate is credited for a sale referred to us. It does not involve any passing of Personal Information. 
  * **Optimost cookie**  – Optimost is a service provided by Hewlett-Packard to analyze customer behavior when visiting the Site.  This service allows us to test variations of our website pages or elements within the pages.  The tests will usually result in improvements to the website and the user experience. The cookie has an anonymous “visitor ID” which is a random number generated to identify a visitor, to distinguish between unique and/or repeat visitors. These cookies do not collect Personal Information. To view the Optimost privacy policy, please visit: https://asp.optimost.com/avatar/privacy-policy .
  * **Oracle Cookie**  \- We use the services of www.oracle.com to serve a persistent cookie on visitors’ browsers when they first visit our web pages, unless there is already an Oracle cookie on their browser because they have visited a non-AIG site which is also using Oracle’s services.  However, visitors’ browsing activity on our web pages will not be combined with visitors’ browsing behavior on other websites using Oracle’s services. We use visitors’ browsing activity on our web pages to understand which pages and content our visitors use or do not use so that we can monitor Site content to best meet our visitors' needs.  For further information please read the Oracle privacy policy.



  
You can refuse to accept the cookies we use by adjusting your browser settings. However, if you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Site and some online products.

  * **Using pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs or other similar technologies:**  These may be used in connection with some AIG On-line Services and HTML-formatted e-mail messages to, among other things, track the actions of users of the AIG On-line Services and e-mail recipients across the devices they use, measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the AIG On-line Services and response rates. In some instances, we may combine information collected through these technologies with your Personal Information.

We use Adobe’s Omniture analytics service, which uses cookies and web beacons to help us understand more about how our website is used by consumers so we can continue to improve it. Adobe does not have the right to use the information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us. For more information on Adobe’s Omniture service, including how to Opt out, go to <https://www.omniture.com/privacy/policy#optout> .

We may use interest-based advertising service providers to customize, target, serve and report on AIG advertisements served across the web and mobile applications, based on information relating to our offline interactions with you, our online interactions with you (on any of your devices) and information received from third parties.  To do this, these service providers may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to collect information about your and other users’ use of the AIG On-line Services and third-party sites and mobile applications.  They may also use these technologies, along with information they collect about your online use, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile phone and a laptop.  Our service providers may also match personal information we provide to them with your IP address and serve AIG advertisements to you across the web, based on your IP address.  If you would like to opt out of having your information used for these purposes, visit the self-regulatory program opt-out pages at [www.aboutads.info/choices/](https://www.aboutads.info/choices/) or [www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp](https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) to opt out in desktop and mobile web browsers on the particular device from which you access the opt-out options.  Download the AppChoices app at [www.aboutads.info/appchoices](https://www.aboutads.info/appchoices) to opt out in mobile applications.

  * **Using your Physical Location:**  We may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower or WiFi signals. We may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content. We may also share your device’s physical location, combined with information about what advertisements you viewed and other information we collect, with our marketing partners to enable them to provide you with more personalized content and to study the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device’s location, but if you choose to deny such uses and/or sharing, we and/or our marketing partners may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content. In addition, we may obtain the precise geolocation of your device when you use our mobile applications for purposes of providing travel or other assistance services to our clients who are enrolled in such services.  In connection with providing travel or other assistance services, and for purposes of developing and improving our actuarial and pricing tools and risk management programs for our commercial insurance clients, we may share your device’s precise geolocation information with our insurance clients and other entities with whom we work to provide our products and services.  You may opt-out of our collection and sharing of precise geolocation information by deleting the mobile application from your device, by disallowing the mobile application to access location services through the permission system used by your device’s operating system, or by following any additional opt-out instructions provided in the privacy notice available within the mobile application.
  * **Using information provided by you:**  Some information (for example, your location or preferred means of communication) is collected when you voluntarily provide it. Unless combined with Personal Information, this information does not personally identify you. 
  * **By aggregating information:**  We may aggregate and use certain information (for example, we may aggregate information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).



Please note that we may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.  If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, or if we combine Other Information with Personal Information, then, in addition to the uses listed in the “ Other Information We Collect ” section above, we may use and disclose Other Information for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information.
