> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the afghankarobar.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191215232634id_/http%3A//afghankarobar.com/views/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Afgan Karobar

#### Privacy of Afghan Karobar Visitors

The privacy of our visitors to Afghankarobar.com is important to us. At Afghankarobar.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit Afghankarobar.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never provide sell your personal information to third parties. Analytics-and-LogFiles We collect and use data such as IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site, but only for web analytics purposes. We use Google Analytics to track our website analytics. We have set your IP address to be anonymous when you visit our website that means your full IP address is not recorded. The data associated with your anonymized IP address will be retained in Google Analytics for a period of time deemed necessary for monitoring our website's analytics, after which the data associated with your usage of the website, will disappear. Advertising-Cookies-and-Web-Beacons We do not use cookies in our website, however, we use third party advertisements to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geo-targeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites). Follow this link to learn more: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites DoubleClick-DART-cookies We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google's DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests ("interest based targeting"). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses "non personally identifiable information". It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx. You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts. Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added. Newsletter To receive our email newsletter, you need to opt in via our provider, Feed burner. You are only required to provide your e-mail address which will be stored in Feed burner for the purpose of sending you the newsletter. You can always opt out of this newsletter using the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of each email. Once unsubscribed, your email address will not be retained on our records and you will not receive any further newsletter emails from our website. We do not share or sell your email addresses to third parties. Affiliate-Ads We use affiliate marketing network on our website. If a user clicks on affiliate marketing advertising and that click results in a sale the website owner will usually receive a commission payment for driving that sale. This journey is normally recorded by the Affiliate Network which facilitates the relationship between the website and advertiser. It owns and runs the technology that manages the links and banners that website owners place on their pages. Any sales that result from consumers clicking on those links are then tracked and recorded by the advertiser with the network providing details of which websites generated those sales. None of the advertising served by affiliate marketing captures personal data relating to an online user unless that data is specifically requested and entered by the consumer, such as an enquiry for a service. 
