> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the purevpn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191217043542id_/https%3A//www.purevpn.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PureVPN’s Privacy Policy

## You are Invisible – Even We Cannot See What You Do Online

 **We DO NOT keep any record of your browsing activities, connection logs, records of the VPN IPs assigned to you, your original IPs, your connection time, the history of your browsing, the sites you visited, your outgoing traffic, the content or data you accessed, or the DNS queries generated by you.**  
We want you to have the surety of knowing that we collect minimal data, the sole purpose of which is to operate our VPN and Proxy service and keep it running smoothly. Our systems, processes, and servers are designed to not keep any sensitive/personally identifiable data. This is done by design to ensure that we have NO data to share, even when required by law to do so.

We do not just claim it, but we have proved it by having our systems and configurations audited by a leading US-based independent auditor, Altius IT. The auditor has certified that it:  
“Did not find any evidence of system configurations and/or system/service log files that independently, or collectively, could lead to identifying a specific person and/or the person’s activity when using the PureVPN service.” 

## Table of Contents

  * Information We Collect at Signup
  * What We Don’t Know, What We Know & What We Keep
  * Information Included in VPN Connection Logs
  * Details NOT Included In VPN Connection Logs
  * Total Bandwidth Consumed
  * Standalone DNS Service - Gravity
  * URL Filter & App Blocker by PureVPN
  * Software Analytics, Stats & Diagnostics
  * Data from Emails, Live Chats, and Feedback Forms
  * International Data Transfers
  * Security Measures to Protect Your Information
  * Data Retention Policy & Your Data Protection Rights
  * Applicable Laws
  * Cookies and PureVPN
  * PureVPN and Third-Party Websites
  * Consent and Age Restrictions
  * Legal Basis
  * Important Note
  * Contact information

  


## Information We Collect at Signup

  * Your Name
  * Email Address
  * Payment Method

  


### How We Use This Information

  * To provide, operate, and maintain our Services
  * To improve, personalize, and expand our Services
  * To communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the Service, and for marketing and promotional purposes
  * To process your transactions
  * To find and prevent fraud
  * For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service, or other legal rights

  


### PureVPN and Data Associated With Payments

Similar to most ecommerce or online businesses, PureVPN too uses third-party payment processors. Except for a few payment processors who require us to process the payment, all the payment data rests with the respective payment processors. In instances where we are required to process the data, we process it in real time and pass it on to the processor and chargeback protection service without keeping any record of it with us. Please visit the privacy policy of the payment processor chosen by you to get a better understanding of what information it collects, stores, and uses. 

Since we are huge believers in anonymity, we have included Coin Payments and Gift Cards – 100% anonymous payment methods – in the list of payment methods accepted by us. 

**PureVPN does not share, sell or rent your personal information with anyone apart from using your information to provide products or services you've requested for.**

  


## What We Don’t Know, What We Know & What We Keep

### We have no logs or records of:

  * Your origin IP address
  * Assigned VPN server IP address
  * VPN session timestamp
  * Your browsing activities
  * DNS requests

  


### In a nutshell:

  * We don’t know what you access, browse, upload or download with our service.
  * We are unable to identify at what time you connected to the VPN, with which IP address and which VPN IP was assigned to you.
  * Even if we are compelled to share user information, we simply cannot because we have nothing personally identifiable to share.

  


### Information Included in VPN Connection Logs

We know the day you connected to a specific VPN location and from which Internet Service Provider. This bare minimum set of data is required to help you with technical assistance, solving connecting problems, and overcoming region-specific problems.

  


### Details NOT Included In VPN Connection Logs:

  * Your origin IP
  * Your VPN IP
  * The specific time when you connected to our server
  * Your activities after connecting to our server 



Note: Only in case you've purchase our Dedicated IP Addon, a fixed, dedicated IP (VPN IP) is assigned to you. For the duration of your subscription that remains your VPN IP in our records

  


### Total Bandwidth Consumed

Every paid PureVPN user gets access to unlimited bandwidth, irrespective of how that bandwidth is used. We keep track of the total bandwidth consumed by you to make sure every PureVPN user gets the same highest level of speed and experience with PureVPN. If we suspect abuse of our service by any user where the user is found consuming an unnatural amount of bandwidth and disrupting the service for other users, then we reserve the right to contact that user and ask them to explain their conduct.

  


## Software Analytics, Stats

'PureVPN collects minimal connection statistics and reports. The collection is done to ensure superior quality of service and customer support. However, the data collected as statistics and reports does not and will never include uniquely identifiable user data or behavior, such as traffic details, IP addresses, and DNS requests.

We conduct VPN diagnostics and monitor crash reports to better understand the functionality of our software, how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, failed connection attempts, and provision of uncapped speed to ensure smooth functioning of our apps, extensions, and other client software. 

We employ a few tools in our client software for this purpose, the details of which are: 

Google Analytics - Please visit Google’s Terms [here. ](https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html)

iTunes - Please visit the Privacy Policy [here.](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/)

Crashlytics - Please visit the Privacy Policy [here.](http://try.crashlytics.com/terms/)

Apptentive - Please visit the Privacy Policy [here.](https://www.apptentive.com/privacy/)

Firebase - Please visit the Privacy Policy [here.](https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html)

New Relic - Please visit the Privacy Policy [here.](https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy)

MixPanel - Please visit the Privacy Policy [here.](https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/)

Facebook Pixel - Please visit Facebook's Privacy Policy [here.](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/) You can stop the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads by clicking [here.](https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads)

To ensure compatibility with our terms and conditions, its the responsibility of the customers to keep their apps updated at all times. To facilitate that, we've simplified the upgrade process and do our best to notify the users about upgrades whenever possible. 

  


## Data from Emails, Live Chats, and Feedback Forms

It is necessary for us to keep the record of your correspondence with us to ensure smooth delivery of service and superior customer service. So, we keep a record of your correspondence with us, whether they are questions, complaints, or compliments submitted by you via our apps, website, or extensions.

We use various third-party platforms for support and correspondence: Zendesk for support tickets, LiveChat inc. to provide support via chat, Mailchimp, and SendGrid for emails, and MixPanel to maintain a relationship with our users. When you correspond with us using these platforms, your correspondence records, including your name and email address, are stored in their systems. All these platforms utilize modern security practices and HTTPS encryption. 

Please visit the Privacy Policy of Zendesk [here](https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/) to know more about their data practices.

Please visit the Privacy Policy of LiveChat [here](https://www.livechatinc.com/privacy-policy/) to know more about their data practices.

Please visit the Privacy Policy of Mailchimp [here](https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/) to know more about their data practices.

Please visit the Privacy Policy of SendGrid [here](https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/) to know more about their data practices.

Please visit the Privacy Policy of MixPanel [here](https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/) to know more about their data practices. 

  


## International Data Transfers

Our service is spread globally, and as such, your data travels through our global servers, which might not or might be outside of your country of residence. We rely on some third-party service providers to enable us to provide you our services. Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it. We have strict data protection agreements in place with third parties to protect the data that we might share with them.

You acknowledge and understand that your information will be transferred, processed and stored as explained, as it is necessary to provide our services and live up to our [Terms of Service. ](https://www.purevpn.com/term.php)

  


## Security Measures to Protect Your Information

All PII, public and private keys and passwords are secured securely using strong cryptographic algorithms where necessary.

Appropriate security measures are taken for the protection of this information against unauthorized access, unauthorized alteration, destruction or disclosure of data. Access to personal information by PureVPN employees, contractors and agents is restricted. These officials require that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services but are bound by confidentiality obligations. They may be subjected to disciplinary action, which includes termination and criminal prosecution, upon failing to meet these obligations.

Please understand that we have taken even precautionary measure to ensure that your data remains protected, but there exists no system that can be declared 100% foolproof, protected and secure.

  


## Data Retention Policy & Your Data Protection Rights

If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the following data protection rights:

  * You can always access, correct and update the information you provided to us, within your member’s area profile.
  * You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time from within your member’s area profile. You can also exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send to you. 
  * You may also request deletion of your personal user profile, if you decide to leave our services completely. You can do so at any time by sending an email at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#62111712120d1016221217100714120c4c010d0f). If you request the deletion of your profile, it may take up to a month (30 days) to complete. Your email address will be kept and used to avoid account duplication and creation of fake accounts in your name. Your email address will be deleted only after we receive an explicit request from you to do so.

  


## Applicable Laws

PureVPN specifically chose Hong Kong (HK) for its headquarter because there are "No Mandatory Data Retention Laws" in Hong Kong. We are, therefore, not legally obliged to store user data and share it with anyone. Moreover, as stated above, we have no worthwhile data to share with any law enforcement agency from any particular country in the world. Even if and when we receive subpoenas that are legally upheld in the court of law in Hong Kong, we won’t be of much help since we have almost nothing of value to share.

  


## Cookies and PureVPN

PureVPN utilizes various types of cookies – small text files – to store information related to your visit on our website, to give you the best experience and to deliver advertising messages and offers that are relevant to you. Please refer to our [Cookie Policy](https://www.purevpn.com/cookie-settings) to get a better idea about the cookies we employ, what type of data is collected, how that data is used, and how you can opt-out of accepting these cookies. 

  


## PureVPN and Third-Party Websites

PureVPN’s website might contain links to other third-party websites. Please know and understand that we do not control how they operate their privacy practices and we take no responsibility for them.

  


## Consent and Age Restrictions

If you continue to use our website, apps, extensions or services, we will take it as your agreement to our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Usage.

The service provided by PureVPN is intended for people 18 years or older. If you think that your child has provided any information to use, then contact us immediately.

  


## Legal Basis

Our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information depends on:

  * The personal information concerned
  * The specific context in which we collect it.



The only time we collect personal information from you is (i) when we need the personal information to enter into a contract with you; (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and does not violate your rights.

  


## Important Note

PureVPN may change and amend its Privacy Policy at times. PureVPN holds the sole right to change and modify its Privacy Policy whenever it is felt necessary to do so. Whenever a revision is made, the updated revision date will be displayed at the top of this page. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and be aware of the modifications. Since there is no other way for us to make sure about whether you are aware of the changes in the policy, we will take it as an agreement between you and PureVPN on the privacy policy if you continue to use PureVPN. 

If anything mentioned in our Privacy Policy is unclear or you require more clarity on it, then send in your query at the following email address: [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#d4b8b1b3b5b894a4a1a6b1a2a4bafab7bbb9)

* These features are neither offered via our iOS apps nor is this information collected via iOS apps

Last updated on August 31, 2019 
