> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the puremix.net privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110527133504id_/http%3A//www.puremix.net/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - PUREMIX

Below you will find our updated Privacy Policy, effective as of January 2, 2011. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies to all users of the Puremix Services. 

PUREMIX ONLINE LLC ("Puremix" or "we" or "us") knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trusting us to do so carefully and sensibly. We take your privacy very seriously and make it a priority to protect personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, mailing address, and telephone number that we obtain from and about you both online and off-line. Please take a moment to review this Privacy Policy, which describes how Puremix collects, uses, and shares this and other information. 

Puremix provides an online video and subscription service offering our members a selection of music related tutorials, newsletters, blog, our player for viewing the Content (the "Video Player") and other content (collectively, the "Content"). Our video service, including the Content, our player for viewing the Content (the "Video Player"), and any other features, tools, applications, materials, or other services offered from time to time by Puremix in connection with our business, however accessed, are referred to collectively as the " Puremix Services." 

The Content is available for permissible viewing on or through the following (collectively, the "Properties"):

i.    The puremix.net website (the " Puremix Site");

ii.    Puremix 's affiliate and distributor websites;

iii.    Other websites where users or website operators are permitted to embed the Video Player; and  
iv.    Puremix authorized applications, features or devices. 

Certain Puremix Services are provided to you free-of-charge. There are some other Puremix Services that, if you are interested in accessing them, will require payment by you. 

This Privacy Policy covers the information Puremix collects from Puremix's registered users. Generally speaking, we collect information from the following sources:

•    Information you give us, such as during registration or subscription;  
•    Information automatically collected when you visit the Puremix Site or use the Puremix Services, such as via cookies; and  
•    Information from other commercially available sources, such as data aggregators and public databases, or our business partners. 

When you register with Puremix, we ask for personally identifiable information such as your username, password and email address. From time to time, we may also ask you to provide other information about yourself on an optional basis, such as data we can use to tailor the advertisements served with the Content to your interests. If you choose to provide this information, you are giving Puremix permission to use and store it consistent with this Privacy Policy. Therefore, when you sign in with Puremix, you are not anonymous to us.  

  In addition, Puremix automatically collects information about your interactions with the Puremix Site and the Puremix Services. For example, Puremix automatically collects information about your interactions with video content on the Puremix. In addition, Puremix automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, software and hardware attributes, the page you request, and cookie information, as discussed below in the section titled.

**Cookies** Puremix may display targeted advertisements based on your activities in connection with the Puremix Services, which we obtain through cookies and other information about you that we have collected, such as your interests. Puremix also may receive information from third parties about you and your activities on other sites that we use for the purpose of serving relevant advertisements to you in connection with the Puremix Services. 

Puremix with or view a targeted ad, although advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria. Please note that we may share aggregated and non-personally identifiable information with our advertisers so they can measure the effectiveness of advertisements viewed in connection with the Puremix Services. For example, we may tell advertisers the number of users who clicked on a particular advertisement. 

Some advertisements displayed in connection with the Puremix Services also may contain cookies set by third party Internet advertisers.

A user might by directed to the Puremix site through coupons or hyperlinks provided by affiliated companies and third-parties distributors. In order to measure, identify and store the origin of such user, Puremix may store cookies on you computer.

**Third Parties** The Puremix Services may be linked to or provided through Internet websites or other platforms operated by other companies. Some of these websites or other platforms may be co-branded with our name or logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. For example, users can use the Puremix Services on the websites of Puremix's authorized third party distributors. Puremix is not responsible for the privacy practices of the websites or other platforms operated by third parties. Once you have left the Puremix Site by clicking on a link, or if you are using the Puremix Services on another website or platform, you should check the privacy policy of the other website or platform to determine how it handles any personally identifiable information it collects from you. 

Puremix carries advertisements from other companies, often with the ability to click through to websites or properties run by these other companies. Puremix is not responsible for the privacy practices of advertisers. Once you have left the Puremix Site by clicking on an advertisement, you should check the privacy policy of the advertiser to determine how it handles any personally identifiable information it separately collects from you. Please be aware that Puremix does not warn you when you have chosen to link through to another website or property from the Puremix Site.   

We may use your personally identifiable information to:

i.    Provide you with promotional information about Puremix's features, services, and other offerings that may be of interest to you; or   
ii.    Provide information or offers to you that are related to the Puremix Services on behalf of Puremix's business partners . 

Only with your consent, we also may share your personally identifiable information (such as username or email address) with advertisers, business partners, and other entities that are not affiliated with Puremix who would like to send you promotional information about their products and services directly.   
If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, we will transfer your personally identifiable information to one or more third parties as part of that transaction.

Aggregate data is information that we collect on an individualized basis (for example, statistics about which videos you watch) but subsequently use in aggregate form (that is, in a way that combines information about individuals together so that no individual is identifiable). We may use aggregate data for a variety of purposes, including for research or analysis, website administration, advertising, and promotional purposes. Although aggregate data may be based in part on personally identifiable information about you (for example, we may want to know the general age range or country of residence of visitors watching videos on our site), it does not identify you personally.

We may share aggregated information with various affiliated and unaffiliated entities. For example, IP addresses are used for system administration and to provide anonymous aggregated data to advertisers about the volume of use on the Puremix Services and the specific Puremix Services in which users are most interested. We also may share information about our users with advertisers so they can measure the effectiveness of advertisements viewed on the Puremix Services. For example, we may tell advertisers the number of users who clicked on a particular advertisement. Because this form of data does not identify particular users, these third parties will not be able to contact you based solely on this data. 

**Protection** We use reasonable physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard personally identifiable information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. We also take steps to ensure that only those Puremix employees, agents, and contractors who have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to your personally identifiable information are granted access. 

Despite these efforts, please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We want you to feel confident using the Puremix Services but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Please refer to the [U.S. Federal Trade Commission's website](http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data/idt.shtm) for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft.

**Special considerations apply to visitors from outside the United States** Puremix is a website based in the U.S., and our offices are headquartered in the U.S. Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the Puremix Services may be processed and transferred to the U.S. and be subject to U.S. law. The privacy and data protection laws in the U.S. may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence. By using our website, participating in any of the Puremix Services, or by providing us with your information, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the U.S.  

**Privacy Policy Updates** From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law or to the scope of the Puremix Services or for other reasons. Therefore, it is important to check the effective date of the Privacy Policy posted at [http://www.puremix.net/privacy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy.html) each time you visit the Puremix Site or use any of the Puremix Services to ensure you are familiar with the most updated policies and practices.

**Privacy Policy Contact** If you have concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, including if you believe that Puremix may have incorrect information for you or if you would like your personally identifiable information to be removed from our database, you may email us at [ ](mailto:%20%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20var%20prefix%20=%20'mailto:';%20var%20suffix%20=%20'';%20var%20attribs%20=%20'';%20var%20path%20=%20'hr'%20+%20'ef'%20+%20'=';%20var%20addy19398%20=%20'customerservice'%20+%20'@';%20addy19398%20=%20addy19398%20+%20'puremix'%20+%20'.'%20+%20'net';%20document.write\(%20'%3Ca%20'%20+%20path%20+%20'\\''%20+%20prefix%20+%20addy19398%20+%20suffix%20+%20'\\''%20+%20attribs%20+%20'%3E'%20\);%20document.write\(%20addy19398%20\);%20document.write\(%20'%3C\\/a%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3E%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\(%20'%3Cspan%20style=\\'display:%20none;\\'%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3EThis%20e-mail%20address%20is%20being%20protected%20from%20spambots.%20You%20need%20JavaScript%20enabled%20to%20view%20it%20%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\(%20'%3C/'%20\);%20document.write\(%20'span%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3E.)[customerservice@puremix.net](mailto:customerservice@puremix.net).   
If you have general questions about the Puremix Services, please contact us at [ ](mailto:%20%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20var%20prefix%20=%20'mailto:';%20var%20suffix%20=%20'';%20var%20attribs%20=%20'';%20var%20path%20=%20'hr'%20+%20'ef'%20+%20'=';%20var%20addy18497%20=%20'customerservice'%20+%20'@';%20addy18497%20=%20addy18497%20+%20'puremix'%20+%20'.'%20+%20'net';%20document.write\(%20'%3Ca%20'%20+%20path%20+%20'\\''%20+%20prefix%20+%20addy18497%20+%20suffix%20+%20'\\''%20+%20attribs%20+%20'%3E'%20\);%20document.write\(%20addy18497%20\);%20document.write\(%20'%3C\\/a%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3E%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\(%20'%3Cspan%20style=\\'display:%20none;\\'%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3EThis%20e-mail%20address%20is%20being%20protected%20from%20spambots.%20You%20need%20JavaScript%20enabled%20to%20view%20it%20%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\(%20'%3C/'%20\);%20document.write\(%20'span%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3E.)[customerservice@puremix.net](mailto:customerservice@puremix.net).
