> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pureincome.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130424014054id_/https%3A//pureincome.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Pureincome.com

Pure Income International Ltd. (“we, us and our”) is the legitimate owner of the pureincome.com website. We represent the Privacy Policy to stress our commitment of not disclosing and/or utilizing any data with respect to clients’ personal information that he/she might disseminate while visiting the website (the “Site").  We strongly appreciate confidentiality and are thereby committed to delivering high-quality services to you for as long as you are a member with us. Pure Income treats your privacy respectfully and keeps you informed of how and for what purposes the company gathers your personal information.

We reserve the right to alter and/or review our Privacy Policy from time to time. In order to be posted on any new changes, we encourage you to periodically view our updates. These updates may be helpful for your future decisions. We make these amendments to avert any law or rights violations and to stay complied with the regulatory framework.

### Information Gathering

As a part of your account registration process, you indicate your personal information (i.e. name, e-mail, phone number, credit card details) which is required to be maintained by us. In the future, we will retain the data regarding your securities purchases and sales, as well as when you chat with us online. We will also provide you with the information regarding our online cookies policy. Each time you visit our website, we may record your IP-address and analyze what links you have followed during your session. Since you are agreeing to sign up for the site, these requirements are implied.

### Information Usage

The primary reason for using your personal details and information is to meet your needs and to consider your preferences concerning the regulatory, security, customer relationships, payment methods, and marketing sections of the website. Thereby, we maintain your data and we may allocate it to our service providers - but ONLY for the abovementioned purposes.

As a means of accessing your personal data, we use “cookies” to gather information. Cookies are the text files that are transferred to your PC every time you visit our website. We utilize this information to examine the frequency of visits, as well as to better understand the way that our clients employ our site and take advantage of its functionality. Relying upon this evidence, we can provide our customers with top notch service in terms of detecting and fixing manifold problems.

Pure Income uses cookies to save you time and to keep you as a user with your own personal profile (i.e., login, password, etc.) and portfolio. However, you can either delete or disable the cookies by changing the settings in your default browser. For further information, please visit www.AboutCookies.org.

Pure Income uses Google Analytics on our website. This is a web analytics service that is provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). This service allows us to mine data with regard to clients’ use of our website.

The information that is generated by the cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on their servers.  Google may use this information for evaluating your use of the website, as well as for compiling reports on website activity and for providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data that is held.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in this manner and for the purposes set out above.

### Security

We are committed to keeping your personal details and information secure. We undertake significant steps to keep your privacy and confidentiality protected and to avoid having them disclosed to third parties. Your data is stored in safe computer entities which are invulnerable to any unpredictable circumstances (i.e. damage, failure, etc.). In case of any questions or changes in your current profile, please contact [support@pureincome.com](mailto:support@pureincome.com).
