> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the muviworld.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-04-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160404134706id_/http%3A//muviworld.net/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - MuviWorld

## Effective Date: September 1, 2014

Below you will find our updated Privacy Policy, effective as of September 1, 2014. This Privacy Policy covers the information collected from or about you and your activities when you use the MuviWorld Services. It also provides information about our relationships with certain third parties that provide services in connection with the MuviWorld Services. If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please let us know by emailing us at [support@muviworld.net](mailto:support@muviworld.net).

**What kinds of information does MuviWorld collect from or about me and my activities?**

Generally speaking, we may collect the following information from or about you and your activities when you use the MuviWorld Services:  
o information you give us, including your name & email address,  
o your credit card information is not stored by MuviWorld – it is used only for billing once you subscribe to MuviWorld service,  
o information automatically collected via cookies. 

Screen logic ltd will never disclose any private or otherwise confidential information in regards to it clients and former clients to third parties.

**Are there other parties collecting information from or about me that I should be aware of while using the MuviWorld Services?**

o Service Providers. Companies that provide services to us and our business partners – including companies that assist with payment processing. However, our agreements with these service providers limit the types of information these companies collect, how they may collect it, and how they may use it.

**How does MuviWorld use information it collects from or about me?**

o Payment Information. We only use payment information, such as credit card numbers, as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service (for example, processing payments from our subscribers) and to prevent abuse of the MuviWorld Services.  
o Other Information. We use the other information we collect from or about you in order to establish and enhance our relationship with you and to help deliver a first-class user experience. MuviWorld’s use of this information includes the following general purposes: contacting you; customizing the content; fulfilling your requests for products or services; improving our services; conducting research; compiling aggregated data for internal and external business purposes; preventing potentially illegal activities; protecting our rights; other uses in accordance with our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms.html "Terms of Use"); and for any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect your information.  
o Promotional Communications. We may use your information to:  
o provide you with promotional information about MuviWorld’s features, services, and other offerings that may be of interest to you; or  
o provide information or offers to you that are related to the MuviWorld Services on behalf of MuviWorld’s business partners.  
o Other Purposes. In addition to the specific data use described in this Privacy Policy, we may also use the information collected from or about you for other purposes in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms. This means that we will combine information about individuals together, or otherwise anonymize the information, so that no individual person is identifiable. We may use information in these forms for a variety of purposes, including for research or analysis, website administration, advertising, and promotional purposes. 

**With whom does MuviWorld share the information it collects from or about me?**

o Business Partners. We may share the information collected from or about you with our business partners, including advertisers and other companies that are not affiliated with MuviWorld, in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms. Otherwise, except when such business partners are acting on our behalf or when you have provided your information as part of a co-branded promotion, we will obtain your consent before we share your contact information with them so that they may send you promotional information about their products and services directly.  
o Service Providers. We may also share the **informati** **o** **n collected from or about you** with service providers that provide services to us and our business partners. For example, we may share your information with other people or entities in order to provide goods or services that you have requested or to complete a transaction at your request.  
o Other Parties When Required By Law or When Necessary to Protect Your Rights or Ours. There may be instances when we may disclose your information without providing you with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of MuviWorld or its affiliates, and each of their respective investors, directors, officers, employees, agents, and suppliers; to protect the safety and security of users of the MuviWorld Services or to enforce our Terms of Use; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with or respond to the law or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity, whether or not legally required. If you notify us that you believe your legal rights have been violated by MuviWorld or another user of the MuviWorld Services, we may provide the information that you provide to us to others to the extent that we believe it is necessary to evaluate and respond to your complaint. For instance, if you submit a notice of copyright infringement to us, we may send a copy to the person or entity who uploaded, stored, or transmitted the material addressed by the communication.  
o Other Parties In Connection With a Transfer of Assets. If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, we may transfer your information to one or more third parties as part of that transaction.  
o Other Parties With Your Consent. In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Policy, and only with your consent, we may share personally identifiable information about you, for example, your name, address, telephone number, or email address, with other parties. 

**Does MuviWorld share aggregated or non-personally identifiable information?**

In addition to the specific data sharing practices described in this Privacy Policy, we may also share the information collected from or about you for other purposes in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms. This means that we will combine information about individuals together, or otherwise anonymize the information, so that no individual person is identifiable. We may share information in these forms with various affiliated and unaffiliated entities, including our business partners. For example, we may share aggregate information with advertisers about the volume of use on the MuviWorld Services, the specific MuviWorld videos in which users are most interested. Also, we and our business partners use independent third parties to help measure viewing of content on MuviWorld, and these third parties may report statistics about viewing in aggregated or other non-personally identifiable forms.

**Do I have choices about the use and sharing of the information collected from or about me?**

You have choices about the use and sharing of certain information collected from or about you.  
o Business Partners: Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we will obtain your consent before we share your contact information with business partners, so that they may send you promotional information about their products and services directly. We also may offer co-branded promotions with these business partners. If you request information about or otherwise interact with one of these promotions (such as by entering a contest), we may share your contact information with the business partners identified in the promotion.  
o Terminating Your MuviWorld Account. You may terminate your MuviWorld account, in accordance with our Terms of Use, via the link accessible on the [Support page](https://web.archive.org/support.html "Support"), or [here](https://web.archive.org/contact.html "Contact Us"). MuviWorld subscribers should review our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms.html "Terms of Use") for our policies on cancellations and refunds. Please note that, if you terminate your account, we may retain some information about you. 

**How does MuviWorld protect the information it collects from or about me?**

We use reasonable physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. For example, passwords and other sensitive information are encrypted in transit. We also take steps to ensure that only those MuviWorld employees and contractors who have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to your information are granted access.  
When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card information on our order forms), we encrypt that information using secure sockets layer technology (SSL), an industry standard protocol for billing transmission in order to help protect the financial information you send us.  
Despite these efforts, please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We want you to feel confident using the MuviWorld Services but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Please refer to the U.S. [Federal Trade Commission’s website](http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data/idt.shtm) for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft. 

**Do any special considerations apply to visitors from outside the United States?**

MuviWorld is an online video service based in the U.S., and our offices are headquartered in Israel. Please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the MuviWorld Services may be processed and transferred to the U.S. and be subject to U.S. law. The privacy and data protection laws in the U.S. may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence. By using our website, participating in any of the MuviWorld Services, or by providing us with your information, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the U.S.

**What happens when MuviWorld changes its Privacy Policy?**

From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law or changes to the scope of the MuviWorld Services or for other reasons. Therefore, it is important to check the effective date of the Privacy Policy posted at [privacy](https://web.archive.org/web/20160404134706id_/http%3A//muviworld.net/privacy.html) each time you visit MuviWorld.net or use any of the MuviWorld Services to ensure you are familiar with the most updated policies and practices. If we make any material revisions to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting notice on MuviWorld.net or by sending you an email to the email address you most recently provided to us prior to such revisions taking effect. If the material revisions concern practices where we have represented that we will obtain your consent to use or disclose your personally identifiable information, we will obtain your consent before taking any action inconsistent with those representations.

**What technologies are used to understand how people use MuviWorld Services?**

We use a variety of technologies to learn more about how people use MuviWorld Services. This section provides more information about some of those technologies and how they work.  
o Cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that are stored in separate files within your computer’s Internet browser. Cookies store information about your activities on a website or other platform. For example, cookies can store your session information for easy sign-in to a website or other platform you have previously visited. They enable us to make your use of the MuviWorld Services more enjoyable.  
o You can configure your Internet browser to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely. However, unless you accept cookies, you will not have access to MuviWorld Services.  
o Other local storage. We may use other kinds of local storage, such as Local Shared Objects (also referred to as “Flash cookies”) and HTML5 local storage, in connection with the MuviWorld Services, including the video player. Sometimes called “browser cookies,” these technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your computers and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences, such as your volume/mute settings. However, these objects are stored in different parts of your computer from ordinary browser cookies. Many Internet browsers allow you to disable HTML5 local storage or delete information contained in HTML5 local storage using browser controls. For information about disabling or deleting information contained in Local Shared Objects, please click [here](http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html). Please note that disabling these technologies may interfere with the performance and features of the video player.  
o Web beacons. We may also use technologies that communicate information from your Internet browser or the MuviWorld video player to a web server, including so-called “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs,” or similar means (collectively, “Pixel Tags”). Pixel Tags, which can be embedded in web pages, videos, or emails, can allow a web server to read certain types of information from your browser, check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message, and determine, among other things, the time and date on which you viewed the Pixel Tag, the IP address of your computer, and the URL of the web page from which the Pixel Tag was viewed. Pixel Tags are used to improve your MuviWorld experience. 

**Who can I contact if I have concerns about this Privacy Policy?**

o If you have concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, including if you believe that MuviWorld may have incorrect information for you, you may email us at [support@muviworld.net](mailto:support@muviworld.net).  
o The support[support@muviworld.net](mailto:support@muviworld.net) email address is used only for communications about our Privacy Policy and other legal aspects of our services. If you have general questions about the MuviWorld Services, please contact us through the “[Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/contact.html)” page on MuviWorld.net. 
