> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the scambook.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625122441id_/http%3A//www.scambook.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Scambook

### Privacy Policy

**Effective Date: March 6, 2013**

Please read this privacy policy (the “ _Privacy Policy_ ”) carefully. Your registration at [www.scambook.com](http://www.scambook.com/) (the “ _Website_ ”) to access the services and information (the “ _Services_ ”) offered by Scambook.com, LLC (“ _Scambook_ ” or “ _we_ ” or “ _our_ ” or “ _us_ ”) on the Website, and your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions (the “ _Agreement_ ”) by clicking the “I accept” box on the registration page of the Website creates a binding, legal agreement between Scambook and you (“ _you_ ” or “ _your_ ”). Your access to the Website and use of the Services shall be governed by the Agreement and also by this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy also describes how Scambook collects and uses information you post to the Website. The Agreement and the Privacy Policy may be collectively referred to as the Agreement, are intended to be read together, and in the event of conflict between the Agreement and this Privacy Policy, the terms of this Privacy Policy shall prevail. Your registration and acceptance of the Agreement shall also become the effective date of this Privacy Policy (the “ _Effective Date_ ”). If you choose to accept this Privacy Policy, you must do so as written, without modification. If you do not accept this Privacy Policy, you will not be allowed to access the Services. By using the Website, you accept the terms and conditions described in this Privacy Policy. You warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age and that you have the legal authority to enter into this Privacy Policy as an individual or on behalf of your employer. Scambook and you are individually, a “ _party_ ” and collective, the “ _parties_.” 

[](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/Scambook-LLC/validation?rid=40be6fbd-817b-4576-a019-990195ffae72 "TRUSTe online privacy certification")

Scambook.com LLC has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices described herein have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy-program-requirements/) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your Personal Information. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Website, [www.scambook.com](http://www.scambook.com/). 

TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy Trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy or practices described herein, please contact us at [support@Scambook.com](mailto:support@scambook.com). If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request). 

### 1\. Personal Information

By registering, you agree to provide the information requested on the registration page of the Website completely and accurately, and to update your information. As part of the registration process, Scambook asks you to provide your name, a method by which to contact you (such as a telephone number or email address), your location, a brief description of the comment you wish to post, and other information. You are responsible for keeping your information current (“Personal Information”). Information that you post to the Website shall not be considered Personal Information. Upon registration, you can select the settings for your use of the Services by going to the Privacy Settings tab on the Website to establish, among other things, whether you would like to use your picture, first name, or a nickname you create in your Scambook profile in association with your comments you post on the Website. You can also tell us whether you want to be contacted by an attorney (in which case you permit us to share your information with an attorney) or Scambook, or whether you permit Scambook to share your Personal Information with the party about whom you have or will post a comment. Scambook is not a law firm or a legal referral service, and does not endorse any attorney or law firm, and Scambook shall not be responsible for your decision to be contacted by an attorney. Scambook may occasionally send informational emails, such as newsletters, to registered users. To opt out of these informational emails, please follow the “unsubscribe” directions in those emails. If you post comments about a person or entity, Scambook reserves the right to contact such person or entity about such comments, and provided you have not disclosed Personal Information in such comments or your user name, Scambook will not disclose your Personal Information to such person or entity. You may also update your Personal Information under the Privacy Settings tab. You are responsible for selecting and keeping your user name and password confidential. You may not share or disclose your user name or password to anyone other than Scambook. You understand that you are responsible for all uses of the Website through your user name and password. You must notify Scambook immediately if you know of or suspect unauthorized use of your user name and password for this Website. 

### 2\. Updates to Privacy Policy

Updates to Privacy Policy. **SCAMBOOK RESERVES THE RIGHT TO AMEND THE WEBSITE AND THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN ITS DISCRETION FROM TIME TO TIME. SCAMBOOK WILL ENDEAVOR TO PROVIDE YOU WITH MATERIAL UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY TO THE EMAIL ADDRESS YOU PROVIDE US UPON REGISTRATION OR TO SUCH EMAIL ADDRESS AS YOU MAY PROVIDE US THEREAFTER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR WITH NOTICE ON THE SITE, PRIOR TO THE CHANGE BECOMING EFFECTIVE. THE FOREGOING NOTWITHSTANDING, YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING THE WEBSITE FOR CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.** Scambook may, but is not obligated to, offer upgrades, updates, and improvements to the Website and Services, and to add or discontinue any Services at any time. 

### 3\. Children’s Privacy

The Website and the Services are directed to people who are at least 18 years old. Scambook does not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are aware that Scambook has collected Personal Information from someone under the age of 18, please alert Scambook at [support@Scambook.com](mailto:support@scambook.com) and the information will be removed from our system as soon as reasonably possible. Scambook does not knowingly aggregate or provide Public Information about people under the age of 18. To remove any listing, including a listing that contains information about a person under the age of 18, please send your written request to [support@Scambook.com](mailto:support@scambook.com). 

### 4\. Third Parties

Except as expressly provided in this Privacy Policy, Scambook will not share your Personal Information with third parties without your permission. Scambook does not sell your Personal Information to third parties. Unless you have selected options to the contrary under the Personal Settings tab, Scambook may provide in an anonymous fashion to an attorney, a government agency, or the entity about which you have posted a complaint or one of their competitors information you post. Scambook may also provide aggregate statistical information (such as the city or state in which you live) to third parties to describe Scambook’s services to prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes. Scambook will not, however, disclose any personally identifiable information to these parties without your express permission or as permitted by this Privacy Policy. 

You understand and agree that we monitor usage on the Website and the Services and that we may share your use of the Website and Services, including Personal Information, with law enforcement agencies and officials in response to inquiries or if we have reason to believe that your use of the Website and Services is for an unlawful purpose. We may also share your use of the Website and Services, including Personal Information, to third parties without your prior consent as required by law, a court order, a subpoena, legal process, governmental request, to investigate fraud, or as Scambook determines is necessary or advisable to protect its interests or your safety or the safety of others. 

If Scambook is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in control of Scambook or uses of your Personal Information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal Information. 

We may also provide your Personal Information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as hosting provider or analytics provider. These companies are authorized to use your Personal Information only as necessary to provide these services to us. 

If you have any questions about the ways in which Scambook protects your Personal Information, or if you wish to update or remove your Personal Information from Scambook’s database, please feel free to contact us at [support@Scambook.com](mailto:support@scambook.com). 

We will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. We will retain and use your Personal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Subject to your right to remove Personal Information as described in **_Section 8_** below and our right to remove posted information in violation of the terms of this Privacy Policy, your posted information may remain on the Website in perpetuity. Scambook reserves the right to remove your posted information at any time for any reason. 

### 5\. Cookies

Scambook uses cookies on the Website. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. Scambook does not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on the Website. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. When you login to Scambook the session ID cookie allows us to maintain a unique and secure (encrypted) connection with the user. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. Scambook uses persistent session cookies to assist in navigation and for showing custom messages for you. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” directory. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Website, but your ability to use some areas of the Website, such as logging in, will be limited. 

The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, and service providers is not covered by this Privacy Policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, and service providers use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the Website. 

### 6\. Linking Policy

The Website may contain links to other websites. Unless expressly stated, Scambook does not intend those links to be referrals or endorsements of the linked entities. These links are provided because they may be of interest to you and other Scambook users. Scambook is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of other websites. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit. 

If you choose to tell a friend about our Website, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Website. Scambook stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at [support@Scambook.com](mailto:support@scambook.com) to request that we remove this information from our database. 

Our Website also includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, the Twitter button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. 

You can also log in to the Website using sign-in services such as Facebook and Google. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on the Website to your profile page to share with others within your network. 

### 7\. Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to Scambook. When you enter sensitive information such as a credit card number to receive the Services, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Scambook follows generally accepted standards to protect the Personal Information you submit to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

### 8\. Posted Information

Your voluntary disclosures of Personal Information on the Website can be collected and used by others. Scambook will not, however, include any personally identifiable information on our message boards unless you specifically include it in the content of your posting. To request removal of your Personal Information from our blog or community forum, contact us at [support@Scambook.com](mailto:support@scambook.com). In some cases, Scambook may not be able to remove your Personal Information, in which case Scambook will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. 

### 9\. Term and Termination

The term of this Privacy Policy shall begin on the Effective Date and continue until terminated as expressly provided in this Privacy Policy (the “ _Term_ ”). The Agreement and the Privacy Policy shall run concurrently and if either terminates, then the other shall automatically terminate. You may terminate this Privacy Policy at any time by delivering an email to Scambook at [support@Scambook.com](mailto:support@scambook.com). Scambook may immediately terminate this Privacy Policy as required by law or due to your breach of any provision of this Privacy Policy in Scambook’s determination. Termination will become effective immediately. Upon termination, all license rights granted herein shall immediately terminate, and you will not be allowed to use the Website or Services. The following Sections of this Privacy Policy shall survive termination or expiration of this Privacy Policy for any reason: **8, 9, and 10**. 

### 10\. Notice

Except as expressly permitted herein, all other notices provided for herein shall be effected either by recognized international express courier, postage pre-paid, or by First Class United States Mail, postage pre-paid, to the address listed on the Website in our case, and to the address you listed in your registration page in your case. Notice shall be deemed received two days following tender to such courier and three days following posting by Mail. 
