> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adcloud.net privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209051232id_/http%3A//adcloud.com/en/rechtliche-hinweise/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

### Contents

  * Personal data
  * Collection and processing of personal data
  * Use and transmission of personal data
  * Use of web tracking
  * Use of cookies
  * Use of Google Analytics
  * Security
  * Contact
  * Settings for Adcloud ads



Valid as of August 1, 2011

The protection of your personal data for processing during the entire business process is an important concern for Adcloud. We want you to feel secure during your visit on our website. 

In the following sections we will describe the information that we record at Adcloud during your visit on our web pages and how this information is used.

### Personal data

Personal information refers to individual details about personal or business relations of a specific or specifiable natural person. This includes information such as your name, address, telephone number and date of birth. Information that cannot be linked to your true identity (e.g. favorite websites or the number of visitors on a particular website) is not considered personal data. 

### Collecting and processing of personal data

When you visit our website, the connection data of the enquiring computer, the web pages that you visit on our site, the date and the duration of the visit, the data identifying the type of browser and operating system used, and the website from which you have visited us are temporarily recorded as standard by our web servers for the purpose of system security. Personal data which goes beyond this scope, such as your name, your address, telephone number or e-mail address, are not collected, unless you provide this information of your own free will, e.g. as part of a registration or survey, when completing a contract, or to request information.

### Use and transmission of personal data

If you have provided us with any personal data we only use this data for technical administration of our web pages and to respond to your wishes and requests, which as a rule means to process any contract concluded with you or to reply to any queries you may have. Only if you have previously granted your consent or – if so stipulated by legal regulations – have not raised an objection do we also use this data for product-related surveys and marketing purposes.

We will not share, sell, transfer or otherwise disseminate your personal data to third parties, unless this is required for the purpose of the contract, or unless you have given express consent to do so.

### Use of web tracking

To determine the frequency of use and the number of users of our website, we use a tracking software. This software does not record personal data and thus does not record IP addresses. The data is evaluated exclusively in anonymized and summarized form for statistical purposes and for development of the website. 

### Use of cookies

Cookies are small text files that make it possible to store user-specific information on your personal computer while you are visiting one of our websites. Cookies help us to determine how frequently our Internet pages are accessed as well as the number of users. And they help us configure our offers so that they are as convenient and efficient as possible for you. The content of the cookie we use is limited to an identification number which does not allow a reference to the personal identity of the user.

It is also possible to use our website without cookies. In your browser, you can deactivate the saving of cookies, limit them to particular websites, or set the browser to notify you when a cookie is sent. You can also delete cookies from the hard drive of your personal computer (folder: “cookies”) any time you want. Please note that in this case you will have to expect a limited page presentation and limited user guidance.

### Use of Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files which are stored on your computer and which allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transferred to a Google server in the USA and is stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, in order to compile reports about the website activities for the website operators and to produce associated services with the website use and the Internet use. Google will also transfer this information, if necessary, to third parties, provided that this is legally prescribed or as far as third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Under no circumstances will Google associate your IP address with the other data which is stored by Google. You can prevent the installation of cookies through a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, we would like to point out that in this case it will not be possible for you to fully utilize all the functions of this website. By using the website you automatically declare yourself in agreement with the processing of data collected by Google in this way and for the purpose described above.

The data collection and storage can be [revoked](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de) at any time with effect for the future. In view of the discussion on the use of analytical tools with complete IP addresses, we would like to point out that this website uses Google Analytics with the extension “_anonymizeIp()”, so that IP addresses are only processed in abbreviated form to prevent them from being directly linked to a particular individual.

### Security

Adcloud takes all of the necessary technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data from being lost or misused. For instance, your data is saved in a secure operating environment which is not accessible to the public. In certain cases, your personal data is encrypted by Secure Socket Layer technology (SSL) during transmission. This means that an approved encryption procedure is used for communication between your computer and the Adcloud servers if your browser supports SSL. Should you wish to contact Adcloud by e-mail, we would like to point out that the confidentiality of the information sent cannot be guaranteed. The contents of e-mail messages can be read by third parties. We therefore recommend that you send us confidential information only by post or in encrypted manner.

### Contact

Adcloud will respond to reasonable requests to review your personal data and to correct, amend or delete any inaccuracies, if necessary. If you have any questions or comments about these data protection policies, please click on “Contact” and send us your questions or suggestions. As the Internet develops further, we will also continually adapt our data protection policies. We will publish any changes in a timely manner on this page. You should therefore access this page on a regular basis in order to acquire information about the current status of the data protection policies.

### A separate privacy policy to Adcloud ads can be viewed here

[Settings for Adcloud ads](https://adcloud.net/myprivacy#retargetingSwitch)
