> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adconductor.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-08-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170826075250id_/http%3A//www.rhythmmax.io/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - RhythmMax

Unless otherwise indicated below, this privacy policy applies to any website that references this privacy policy or any RhythmMax website.  RhythmMax (“RhythmMax” or “we” or “us”), is committed to protecting your (“your” or “you” or “user”) privacy. This privacy policy describes how RhythmMax collects and uses the personal information you provide on our website. By using our website, you are accepting the policies and practices described in this privacy policy. Each time you visit our website and any time you voluntarily provide us with information, you agree that you are consenting to our collection, use and disclosure of the information that you provide, and you are consenting to receive emails or otherwise be contacted, as described in this privacy policy. This privacy policy is incorporated into our terms of use. Whether or not you register or create any kind of account with us, this privacy policy applies to all users of the website.

**Data Collection of User Information**

All users are anonymous to RhythmMax . As ads are delivered, RhythmMax does not acquire or collect any personal information about you. Your name, address, phone number, and email address all remain your private property. RhythmMax does, however, collect information that is specific to how you use the Internet. This non-personally identifying information can include, and is not limited to, the server you are logged onto, the geographic location of the ISP you use, the type of browser you use, sites you have visited, products you have researched and your IP address. This information is obtained solely for the purpose of targeting ads and measuring a given ad's effectiveness on behalf of RhythmMax's advertisers.  There are instances where a user may provide specific personal information in response to an ad containing a survey, purchase agreement, registration questionnaire or the like. For such programs, RhythmMax (or a third party working in conjunction with RhythmMax and the advertiser) acquires this information on behalf of the advertiser. The adviser uses this information to deliver the goods or services requested by the user. RhythmMax may aggregate this information in a compiled format without identifying users specifically.  This provides the advertiser precise profiles of the types of individuals that respond to the ads.

**Use of Health Related Information**

RhythmMax is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to its Code on Health-Related Data. RhythmMax does not collect or use "sensitive consumer information" (as defined in the NAI's Self-Regulatory Code of Conduct) in its online behavioral advertising activities and does not offer or sell to its clients segments based on sensitive consumer information. "Sensitive consumer information" includes social security numbers or other government-issued identifiers, insurance plan numbers, financial account numbers, information that describes the precise real-time geographic location of an individual derived through location-based services such as through GPS-enabled devices, and precise information about past, present, or potential future health or medical conditions or treatments, including genetic, genomic and family medical history. RhythmMax maintains internal policies and procedures designed to safeguard against the collection or use of such information.  RhythmMax may use general health related information with customized advertising campaigns. General health-related information that is not based on a precise medical treatment or conditions is not considered "sensitive consumer information." This information can include, but is not limited to the following examples: retargeting based on previous visit to an advertiser's website, retargeting based upon the visit to a general health, fitness, wellness or nutrition website, or retargeting based on your visit to a website where interest can be inferred from common content e.g., pregnancy can be inferred from a visit to an infant car-seat review page.

**P3P**

The Platform for Privacy Preferences (P3P) provides a way for ad networks and websites to publish their privacy policies in a machine-readable syntax. An ad network or website will deploy P3P in order to make its privacy practices more accessible to the site's visitors. A visitor's web browser can download the machine-readable privacy statements, and compare the contents of those statements to the user's preferences. This way, the user's browser can automatically notify the user when they visit a site whose practices match the user's preferences or warn the user if the practices and preferences don't match. RhythmMax has incorporated this technology in its ad servers. Our syntax reflects our current privacy policy.

**Cookies**

RhythmMax may use cookies to improve your web browsing experience. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer for the purpose of identifying your web browser. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on tour computer until you delete them) to provide You with a more personal and interactive experience with the website. When you are served a RhythmMax ad, RhythmMax may assign various information in a cookie on ads you've seen, information on sites you've visited and activities performed to your computer browser. We do this to understand the way a user responds to the ads we deliver. For example, this information lets us keep track of how many times you view an ad we distribute. Likewise, the cookie can help make sure you do not see the same ad over and over - thus enhancing your online Web viewing experience.

RhythmMax collects this information via our technology and it may be stored for up to 2 years for the purpose of analyzing Addendum campaign results, ensuring that our technology is functioning properly, and preventing fraud across our sites.  We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our website or our member sites. We may however obtain anonymous information about you and combine it with data that we have collected to better target ads that match your interests. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that use if you desire.

**Opting Out of Cookies**

You can opt-out of receiving RhythmMax cookies. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following your Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable Cookies, some areas of the website may not work properly. If you opt out, your web browser will be associated with a generic "opt-out" cookie, which will prevent us from associating any non-personally identifiable information with your browser.  Our "opt-out" cookie has a five year expiration date. Keep in mind that participating in our opt-out program does not prevent you from seeing ads served by us, instead, the ads we serve to you will be generic and not be targeted to you based on your web surfing experiences.  If you would like to opt out, just send us an email to the address listed at the bottom of this page.  Alternatively, you may also choose not to us our website.  As described above, our website is cookie-based, so you may need to opt out again (and set a new "opt-out" cookie) if you delete your cookies, lock cookies, including third party cookies, witch internet browsers, change computers or upgrade your web browser.

**Third-Party Measurement Services**

The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company and service providers is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company and service providers use session ID and persistent cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. Often, advertisers will employ a third-party service provider other than RhythmMax for serving the advertisements and for tracking the performance of an ad program. These companies may employ cookie and 1x1 pixel technology to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for the advertisers. These companies may collect and use anonymous information about your visits to our member websites and other websites. The information collected can include the date/time of your visit, the banner ad that was shown, your unique user ID, your IP address, the URLs of sites you visit.  This information can also be used for online preference marketing ("profiling") purposes.

**Personal Information**

We do not collect Personal Information from you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. Except as detailed below, RhythmMax regards all personal information collected as completely confidential and does not share it with any third parties. This includes personal data provided during the registration process and financial account information. We collect information which is provided to us such as your name, email and phone number on our site in the "Contact Us" section. This information is used to establish contact with perspective publishers and customers.  We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.  RhythmMax does offer advertisers data which may facilitate the sale of advertising for a member site. This includes traffic data, click-thru rates, unique visitor information, website geographic location, content information, and any demographic information offered by the website member for the purpose of facilitating an advertising sale.  Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with an appropriate law enforcement investigation, current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process.

**Credit Cards**

When credit card data is required for services, we protect your credit card information using industry standard SSL encryption whenever card data is transmitted to us and when sending your credit card information to our credit card processor. While in our possession, your credit card number is protected with asymmetric encryption to keep it secure. 

### **Security**

The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as Tax ID number and/or social security number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Although we use reasonable security to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information**

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If a user's personally identifiable information changes, (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update, cancel or delete/deactivate users' personally identifiable information. This can be done by logging into your user account and updating your personal information or discontinuing service at any time.

**Merger or Acquisition**

If RhythmMax is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or we will post a notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

**Customer Testimonials**

With a user’s consent we post customer testimonials on our website which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer’s name.

**No Information from Minors**

You must be at least 18 years of age to use the website.

**Bulletin Boards, Chat Rooms, Blogs & Links to Third-Party Websites**

If you use a bulletin board or chat room on this website, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.  This website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by RhythmMax . Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. 

**International Transfer**

Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.  If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, we transfer your personally identifiable information to the United States and processes it there.  Your submission of such information, or use of our website represents your agreement to that transfer.

**Notifications of Changes**

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Any such modifications become effective upon your continued access to and/or use of the website five (5) days after we first post the changes on the website or otherwise provide you with notice of such modifications. It is your sole responsibility to check the website from time to time to view any such changes to the terms of this privacy policy. If you do not agree to any changes, if and when such changes may be made to this privacy policy, you must cease access to the website. If you have provided your email address to us, you give us permission to email you for the purpose of notification as described in this privacy policy.

**Email Communications & Opting Out**

We will send you strictly service-related announcements on occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, or a new account enhancement is released, which will affect the way you work with us, we might send you an email.  Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.  Based upon the personally identifiable information that you provide us, we will send you a welcome email with your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries to provide the services you request and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.  We do send out regular updates of recently added campaigns to RhythmMax  publishers and other promotional communications. If you no longer wish to receive those email updates, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each update or communication. 

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions, concerns or requests please contact us at [privacy@RhythmOne.com](mailto:privacy@RhythmOne.com)
