> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the av-comparatives.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190430140150id_/https%3A//www.av-comparatives.org/privacy-and-data-protection-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy and Data Protection Policy | AV-Comparatives

We appreciate your visit to our website and thank you for your interest in our company, our products and our web pages. Protecting your privacy when using our web pages is important to us. Therefore, please take note of the following information:

## 1) Basic Information about handling personal data

Basically, you may visit our website without us collecting any personal data from you. Personal data is only collected if you voluntarily disclose such data for the purpose of concluding a contract or opening a customer account. Without your explicit consent, this data is merely used for contract performance and processing your inquiries. Upon complete fulfilment of the contract and complete payment of the purchase price your data will be stored with care for tax and commercial law retention periods, to be deleted upon expiry of these periods.

When contacting us (for example via contact form or e-mail) personal data will be collected. It is evident from the respective input form which data are collected. Those data will be stored and processed exclusively for the purpose of responding to your enquiry or of getting in contact with you and for the connected technical administration. Your data will be deleted after final processing of your inquiry, if you so desire, provided that legal retention periods will not be barred by a deletion.

Furthermore, personal data will be collected, if you register with our e-mail newsletter. Those data will be used for advertising purposes in the form of an e-mail newsletter, if you agree in this expressly as follows: “Please Confirm Subscription.”

You can cancel the newsletter at any time by clicking on the link provided in the newsletter or by a corresponding message addressed to us. After cancelation your e-mail address will be immediately deleted in our newsletter mailing list.

The dispatch of newsletters takes place via the service provider The Rocket Science Group, LLC d/b/a MailChimp, 512 Means St., Suite 404 Atlanta, Georgia- 30318, USA (http://www.mailchimp.com/), the company to which we pass on your personal data for the purpose of transmitting newsletters. Please note, that normally your personal data will be transmitted to a MailChimp server in the USA and stored there. We have concluded a data processing contract with MailChimp to protect your data on the basis of EU commission standard contractual clauses in order to enable the transmission of your personal data to Mail Chimp. This data processing contract can be seen at the following internet address, if interested: http://mailchimp.com/legal/forms/data-processing-agreement/. You may object to the storage and use of your personal data at any time with effect for the future. To this end, please contact us via the e-mail address mentioned in the legal notice.

## 2) Transfer of personal data for the purpose of order handling

For the purpose of contract fulfillment, personal data collected by us are transferred to the transport company commissioned with the delivery, provided this is required for delivering the goods.

## 3) Cookies

Among other things this website uses so-called “cookies” serving to make our Internet presence more user-friendly, effective and secure – for instance to accelerate navigation on our platform. Furthermore, cookies allow us to measure the frequency of website visits as well as general navigation. Cookies are small text files stored on your computer system. Please note that some of these cookies are transferred from our server to your computer system, mostly so-called “session cookies”. “Session cookies” are characterized by being automatically deleted from your hard drive upon the end of the browser session. Other cookies remain on your computer system and allow us to recognize your computer system during your next visit (so-called permanent cookies). You may certainly decline these cookies at any time provided your browser permits this. Please note that once your browser is set to decline cookies (from our website) certain features of this website may not be available or restricted.

## 4) Use of Google AdWords Conversion-Tracking

This website utilizes the online advertising program “Google AdWords” and the conversion tracking within the framework of Google AdWords. The conversion-tracking cookie is set on the user’s browser, if he clicks on an ad delivered by Google. Cookies are small text files, which the internet browser places on your browser. These cookies lose their validity after 30 days .They are not used to acquire personal identification data. If the user visits a certain page of this website and if the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we will be able to tell that the user clicked on the ad and was forwarded to this page. Each Google AdWords client gets a different cookie. Thus, cookies cannot be tracked via the website of AdWords clients. The information collected by the conversion cookies are used to provide aggregate conversion statistics to AdWord clients who have opted-in for conversion tracking. Clients are informed about the total number of users who clicked on the ad and were forwarded to a conversion tracking tag page. However, they do not get any information enabling them to identify users personally. If you do not want to participate in the tracking program, you can refuse the use of this program by easily deactivating the google conversion-tracking cookie via your internet browser through the user settings. In this case, you will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics. Further information concerning Google data privacy can be found at http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en-GB/policies/privacy/

## 5) Use of Google AdSense

This website uses Google AdSense, a web analytics service of Google Inc. (“Google”).Google AdSense uses so-called “doubleClick Dart Cookies” (cookies”). Those cookies are text files which are stored on your computer and which allow an analysis of your usage of this website. Furthermore, Google AdSense uses so-called “Web-Beacons” (small invisible images) to collect information. By using Web-Beacons simple actions such as visitor traffic on the website may be recorded, collected and evaluated. The information generated by those cookies and/or Web-Beacons (including your IP address) about your usage of this website will normally be transmitted to a server of Google in the United States of America and will be stored there. Google will use this information to analyze your usage of this website regarding the AdSense Ads. Google might transmit this information to third parties, if this is prescribed by law and/or if third parties process those data by request of Google. You can permanently object to the storage of cookies for the purpose of ads by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser or by downloading and installing the browser plug in you will find via the following link: http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin?hl=en. Please note that in this case certain functions of this website may not be used or only to a limited extent, if you have objected to the use of cookies.

## 6) Social Plugins

**6.1** We have incorporated so-called social plugins (plugins) of the bookmarking service AddThis into our website which is operated by AddThis LLC, Inc. 8000 Westpark Drive, Suite 625, McLean, VA 2210, USA (“AddThis”). The plugins are mostly labeled with the AddThis logo, for example in the form of a white plus sign on orange background. A list and the appearance of thes AddThis plugins may be viewed at: https://www.addthis.com/get/sharing. When you access a page from our website that includes such a plugin, your browser sets up a direct link to AddThis servers. The content of the plugins is directly passed by AddThis to your browser and integrated into the website. By integrating the plugin, AddThis receives the information that your browser has accessed the respective page of our website and sets a cookie on your computer for the purpose of identifying your browser. This information (including your IP address) will be sent directly from your browser to a server from AddThis in the United States and stored there. AddThis uses those data for the purpose of creating user profiles in an anonymized form serving as a basis for a customized and interest-related advertising regarding the visitors to websites which include AddThis plugins. To learn more about the purpose and extent of processing and use of data, please read AddThis’ privacy policy: http://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy You can completely disable the downloading of AddThis plugins with add-ons, such as the script blocker “NoScript” (http://noscript.net/).

**6.2** We have incorporated so-called plugins (“plugins”) of the microblogging service Twitter which is operated Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA („Twitter“). A list and the appearance of these Twitter plugins may be viewed at: https://about.twitter.com/uk/resources/buttons. The plugins are embedded into the web page by means of „2-klick “or „Shariff“ solutions in order to increase the protection of your data when visiting our website. This embedding ensures that no connection with Twitter servers will be established when calling up a page of our web presence containing those plugins. Only once you activate the plugins and thereby give your consent to the data transmission, your browser will establish a direction connection with the Twitter servers. The content of the respective plugins will be directly transmitted to your browser and will be embedded into the web page. The plugin then transmits data (including your IP-address) to Twitter. We have no influence on the amount of data Twitter collects by means of plugins. To our knowledge, Twitter in any case is informed about which of our pages you have called up or you are calling up currently. By embedding plugins Twitter receives information on your browser having called up the respective web page of our web presence, even if you do not have a Twitter account or if you are not logged into Twitter currently. This information (including your IP address) will be directly transmitted by your browser to a Twitter server in the USA and stored there. If you interact with the plugins, for example, if you activate the “Twitter” button, the respective information will be directly transmitted to a Twitter server and stored there, as well. Furthermore, this information will be published on Twitter and signaled to your contacts. The purpose and the extent of data collection and the further processing and use of data by Twitter, your rights and setting options to protect your privacy can be found in Twitter’s privacy policy at: https://twitter.com/privacy. If you are a member of the Twitter social network and if you want to limit the collection of data via our web pages and the integration of your user data with your data stored by the Twitter social network, you should log out from Twitter prior to visiting our website. You can completely prevent the downloading of Twitter plugins by using add-ons for your browser in the future, for example by using the script blocker “NoScript” (http://noscript.net/).

## 7) Youtube-Videos

This website uses the Youtube embedding functions for display and playback of videos offered by “Youtube”. To this end, the extended data protection mode is used to ensure, according to provider information, that user information will only be stored once the playback functon of the video is started. When the playback function of embedded Youtube videos is started, the provider sets “Youtube” cookies in order to collect information on users. According to indications from “Youtube”, the use of those cookies is intended to record video statistics, to improve user-friendliness and to avoid improper actions. Regardless of whether the embedded video is played back, a connection to the Google network “double click” is established when visiting this website. This may trigger further data processing beyound our control. Further information on “YouTube” data protection can be found in the provider’s data protection statement at: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en-GB/policies/privacy/

## 8) Information on Customer Rights and Contacts

You are entitled to obtain information on your saved data free of charge and on how to correct, block or delete this data where applicable. Please contact us with any further inquiries about the collection, processing or use of your personal data. The same shall apply for obtaining information, your requests to block, delete or correct your personal data as well as for withdrawals of granted consents. You can find our contact address in our legal notice.

## 9) Web analysis service

Data for marketing and optimizing purposes are collected and stored on this website by using the Matomo software for web analysis service (www.matomo.org). Usage profiles are created from these data under a pseudonym. In this context, cookies are used. Cookies are small text files that are stored in the visitor’s local browser cache. Cookies allow the recognition of the web browser. The data collected with the help of Matomo-technology (including your anonymized ip-address) will be transferred to our server and stored for traffic analysis purposes serving our website improvement. Information regarding the anonymous usage profile generated by cookies are not used to identify visitors to this website and will not be merged with the personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym. You can prevent the use of cookies and other tracking techniques by appropriately adjusting your browser software. Please note that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. If you do not want your data to be stored and analysed while you visit our website and you want to object to their storage and analysis for the future, you may prevent the use of cookies and thereby your participation in the tracking procedure. To that effect, you can change your browser settings in such a way that you will be informed about the setting of cookies and can decide if you wish to accept cookies on a case-by-case basis or to block them in certain circumstances or completely. If a cookie is not accepted, the functionality of our website may be restricted.
