> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nexoneu.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-08-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090822040640id_/http%3A//en.nexoneu.com/NXEU.aspx%3FPART%3D/Legal/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# NEXON Europe - Play fun Online Games : Legal > PrivacyPolicy

This agreement contains important legal information. 

Untitled Document

**NEXON Europe Limited – Online Privacy Policy**

NEXON Europe Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registered number 6174588 and with registered office at Lion House, Red Lion Street, London WC1R 4GB, UK, and its affiliated companies (collectively, "NEXON", "we" or "us" (and "our" shall be construed accordingly)) provide the web site at http://www.nexoneu.com or such url as may replace it from time to time (the "Site") and all Site-related services and products, including without limitation, massively multiplayer online role-playing games and multiplayer online casual games (collectively, the "Service")," to you as a user of the Game, Site and/or Service ("you" (and "your" shall be construed accordingly)) for entertainment and non-commercial use only. Because the success of the Service is dependent on building and maintaining goodwill with our customers, we are committed to implementing measures designed to protect the privacy of those using the Service. NEXON takes the privacy rights of users of the Site and the Service very seriously and is a data controller registered on the UK Data Protection Register (which can be viewed at www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk). Although NEXON respects the privacy of all those who visit the Site and use the Service, we do collect certain information from such persons to conclude contracts with those wishing to use the Service, to improve and develop the Service and for direct marketing purposes. This Privacy Policy governs your interaction with the Site and the Service, your registration for and use of the Service and the terms under which we process your personally and non-personally identifiable information. Except as set forth within this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use or other published guidelines, we do not release personally identifiable information about users without their permission. By accessing the Service, you indicate that you agree to this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use, Code of Conduct and other published guidelines.  
Please note that NEXON reviews its privacy practices from time to time, and that those practices are, therefore, subject to change. If we change a material aspect of this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the change on the Service and/or in an updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Service after any such changes will signify your acceptance thereof. We ask that you bookmark and periodically review this page to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the 12th of April of 2007.

**The Information Gathered.**  
Two types of information are gathered from and regarding users of the Service:  
Non-personally identifiable information: When you use the Service, we may collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages of the Service you visit, the order in which you visit them and which hyperlinks you "click." Collecting such information involves logging your IP address (i.e., the unique number assigned to your server or Internet Service Provider ("ISP")), operating system specifications and browser software used to access the Service. Although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from an IP address your ISP and the geographic location of your point of connectivity. In order to sign up for any account, you also are required to provide us with a username, password and a forum name. You must also provide a character name whenever you create a character for your account. You may also provide non-personally identifiable information to us while participating in forums or otherwise using the Service which may be retained in our databases, such as security questions and answers.

We use "cookies" that is, small text files placed on your computer's hard drive. In practical terms, cookies are your identification card for the computers, or servers, that placed them there. Cookies are only read by the server that placed them and are unable to execute any code or virus. We use cookies on the Site to allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently certain pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of the Site. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. You have the option to accept or refuse to accept cookies. You are able to control how and to choose whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser software. For more information on how to do so, please refer to the documentation accompanying your web browser software. 

**Personally identifiable information:** NEXON only collects personally identifiable information from you on a voluntary basis. You may visit the Site without providing us with any personally identifiable information. However, at certain times while using the Service for example, when signing up to open an account or sending us a comment by e-mail we require that you provide us with certain personally identifiable information (including, for example, your first name, surname, e-mail address, date of birth, gender and country of residence). Further, you will be required to provide us or a third party payment service (e.g., PayPal) with your credit card information (including a valid credit card number, expiration date and shipping and billing addresses) if you wish to purchase items when using the Service. You will be notified each time your personally identifiable information will be collected by a third party payment service (or other third party). If you do not wish to provide your personally identifiable information to any such third party, you may choose not to provide your personally identifiable information at that time. This Privacy Policy itself serves as notice to you that we collect personally identifiable information at certain times during your use of the Service. NEXON does not control the acts of the individuals who use the Service. All users should be aware that, when they disclose personally identifiable information in a bulletin board, chat room, guestbook or other forum while using the Service, the information is made publicly available and may be collected and used by other users. If you disclose such information in a bulletin board, chat room, guestbook or other forum, you do so at your own risk. We reserve the right (but have no obligation) to monitor your use of bulletin boards, chat rooms, guestbooks or other forums. 

**Use of the Information Gathered; Opting-Out; Illegal Activities.**  
Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways the information that is gathered from and regarding you is used. 

**Non-personally identifiable information:** NEXON uses non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful online services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behaviour of our users, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Service. NEXON also uses non-personally identifiable information for security or debugging purposes, technical support and to protect against user abuse. We use cookies to help us determine the type of content and pages to which you link, the length of time you spend at any particular area of the Service and/or the parts of the Service that you choose to access or use. Cookies also tell us which advertisements you have seen and allow NEXON to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience while using the Service (e.g., by "remembering" your username or password). We may provide statistical information based on this non-personally identifiable information or data to advertisers, affiliates and other current and potential business partners. We may also use this information to inform these parties as to the number of users who have seen and/or clicked on links to their web sites. We may also combine your non-personally identifiable information with your personally identifiable information for these purposes and to provide you with "targeted" advertisements. 

**Personally identifiable information:** The personally identifiable information that you provide allows us to do a number of things, including allowing us (or third parties) to fulfil your product or service orders, alerting you to new products or services, features or enhancements, handling or routing your customer service questions or comments and/or notifying you about contests, promotions, special events, offers, products and services that may be of interest to you. NEXON may enhance or merge the personally identifiable information collected from you with data from third parties. Further we may share the information that we collect from you with, or otherwise transfer it to, our affiliates, agents, advertisers and other business partners for the purpose of such parties processing any payments made by you, administering your account, administering any correspondence entered into between you and us, and/or providing you with advertisements, promotions, marketing materials or other materials or information related to products and services which might be of interest to you. In the event that NEXON or any or all of its business is sold or restructured, we may transfer the information that we have collected from you to any acquiring company or companies. 

**Opting-Out:** You may at any time indicate that you wish us to stop processing your personally identifiable information (if such information is necessary for you to have on account, you will no longer be able to use the Game and may no longer be able to use other aspects of the Service). You may also at any time "opt out" of receiving materials described in this Privacy Policy from us and/or our affiliates, advertisers or other business partners. The materials that we send you (e.g., e-mails) will indicate that such materials are from us and will always provide you with a method of "opting out" of receiving future materials of a similar nature. If you do not "opt out" of receiving such materials, this will signify that your continuing consent to NEXON using your identifiable information to continue to provide you with such materials and otherwise share your personally identifiable information with or transferring it to our affiliates, advertisers or other business partners who provide products or services (or advertisements, marketing materials or other information) that we believe may be of interest to you. However, we will not release your credit card information to third parties without your consent unless necessary to complete a transaction between you and such third party. If you decide that you would like to "opt-out" of receiving such materials from NEXON, please edit your account information on our Site accordingly. If, at any time after you have provided us with such information, you decide that you would like to "opt-out" of NEXON providing it to its affiliates, advertisers or other business partners, please contact our customer service department by using the E-mail of Inquiry form on the Site (at: http://www.nexoneu.com). Keep in mind that, while NEXON encourages its affiliates, advertisers and business partners to adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our users and otherwise to handle personal information in a responsible manner, we cannot and do not assume any responsibility for any actions or omissions of third parties, including the manner in which they use information received either from us or independently. NEXON reserves the right to contact you at any time using your personally identifiable information for administrative or billing-related issues. 

**Illegal Activities:** We reserve the right to release all information contained within our databases, access logs or other records concerning you if you violate our Terms of Use or other published guidelines, or intentionally or unintentionally partake (or are reasonably suspected of partaking) in any illegal activity. We reserve the right to release such information to the police, regulatory bodies, enforcement authorities or legal advisers in connection with any alleged illegal activity by you and/or in response to court and governmental orders, discovery requests and/or as otherwise required by law. We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using the Service (or any part thereof) for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement individuals or entities for investigation or prosecution. 

**Changing or Deleting Personal Information; Business Transfers.**  
You may access and amend your personally identifiable information at any time by accessing your account on the Site. If you would like to have your personally identifiable information removed from NEXON’s databases, please contact our customer service department by using the E-mail of Inquiry form on the Site (at http://www.nexoneu.com) and we will comply with your request. Keep in mind, however, that there will be residual information that will remain within NEXON's databases, access logs and other records, which may or may not contain such personally identifiable information. The residual information will not be used by us for commercial purposes; however, we reserve the right, from time to time, to re-contact former users of the Service. In addition, we may sell or transfer assets or portions of our business or our entire business as we continue to improve our product and service offerings. In such transactions, user information (whether non-personally identifiable or personally identifiable) may constitute one of the transferred business assets. In addition, in the event we reorganize, file for bankruptcy or engage in similar events (whether voluntarily or otherwise), user information (whether non-personally identifiable or personally identifiable) may be transferred to our successors and assigns. 

**Promotions, Contests & Sweepstakes**  
If and when NEXON sponsors promotions, contests or sweepstakes, or third parties sponsor promotions, contests or sweepstakes in conjunction with the Service, either NEXON or the third party will post relevant privacy information in the official rules and/or registration area for the promotion, contest or sweepstakes. That privacy information, to the extent it conflicts with this Privacy Policy, will govern that particular promotion, contest or sweepstakes. 

**Web Site Links**   
The Site may contain links to other Internet web sites, including co-branded or other affiliated web sites, which are not be owned or operated by NEXON. We have not reviewed such web sites and have no control over them. We are not responsible for the content of web sites, any updates or changes to such web site, or the privacy or other practices at such web sites, including such web sites’ use of any information (such as IP number, browser type or operating system) collected when users of our Service click through links to those web sites. Even though such information might not identify you personally, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of those web sites. You acknowledge that we are not liable in respect of any loss or damage which you may suffer by using such web sites. 

**Questions Or Comments**  
Questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to the Data Protection Officer in our customer service department using the E-mail of inquiry on the Site. 

**© 2008 NEXON Corporation and NEXON Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved.**
