> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nextraone.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170621135733id_/http%3A//nextraone.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# NextraOne - Register Domains - Web Hosting - Email hosting | nextraone.com

### Privacy Policy

In the course of using this website and/or availing the Services, Nextra Online Services Private Limited and its Affiliates may become privy to information of its customers, including Personally Identifiable Information (PII)such as name, date of birth, birthplace, genetic information, address, telephone number, email address, bank accounts, card numbers, identity number, Vehicle Registration Number, Driving Licence Number, Face/ Photograph, Digital identity. NextraOne is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its customers and has taken all necessary and reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of the customer information and its transmission through the web. While no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure from intrusion, we have used and will continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the protection of your information. NextraOne will limit the collection and use of Customer Personally Identifiable Information only on a need-to-know basis to deliver better service to the customers. NextraOne may use and share the information provided by Customers with its Affiliates and third parties for providing services and any service-related activities such as billing, collecting bills, notifying or contacting Customers regarding any service related matters. In this regard, it may be necessary to disclose customer information to one or more agents and contractors and their sub-contractors, but such agents, contractors, and sub-contractors will be required to agree to use the information obtained from Nextra Online only for these purposes. The Customer authorizes Nextra to exchange, share, part with all Personally Identifiable Information and transaction history of the Customers to its Affiliates/ banks/ financial institutions/ credit bureaus/ agencies/participation in any telecommunication or electronic clearing network as may be required by law, customary practice, credit reporting, statistical analysis and credit scoring, verification or risk management and shall not hold NextraOne liable for use or disclosure of this information. NextraOne will not sell or rent Customer Personally Identifiable Information to third parties. NextraOne will not otherwise disclose the Personally Identifiable Information provided by Customers to third parties, unless such action is necessary to: 

* Conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process
* Comply with investigations of purported unlawful activities, as provided for under the Information Technology Act, 2000.
* Protect and defend the rights, interests or property of NextraOne, and/ or its Affiliates, other customers.
* Enforce the terms and conditions of the services provided to Customers.

In the course of using this website and/ or availing the Services, we may also collect and/ or analyze non Personally Identifiable Information, such as addresses of web pages viewed, links and advertisements clicked, searches conducted, Plans subscribed. Such information may be shared with advertisers on aggregate basis and may be used to contact you about new offers/ products from NextraOne or third parties, serve customized advertising to users while accessing Internet or availing other NextraOne services, and otherwise enhance the experience of Nextra Online services. Our website may contain advertisements, references and links to other web sites and organizations. We may also use third parties to display or serve advertising on the Site, in our web-based newsletters, and while accessing Internet in general. Often such third party advertising companies employ cookie and web bug technologies to measure advertising effectiveness. You should be aware that different rules may apply to the collection, use or disclosure of your information by third parties in connection with their advertisements, promotions and other web sites you encounter on the Internet. The use of such technology by these third parties is within their control and not ours, and even if we have a relationship with the third party, we do not control those sites or their policies and practices regarding your information and we encourage you to investigate and ask questions directly of them in this regard. NextraOne will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how NextraOne will use your personal information, NextraOne will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. NextraOne encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting or using your information.
