> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nextgen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-07-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140714013254id_/https%3A//www.nextgen.com/Legal/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | NextGen Healthcare

## Privacy Policy

Quality Systems, Inc., its subsidiary NextGen Healthcare Information Systems, LLC and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates (“QSI,” “We,” or “Us”) respect Your privacy. This policy explains how We treat personal information We obtain from clients, other authorized users of our products and services, prospective clients, and users of our various websites, including but not limited to [www.qsii.com](http://www.qsii.com/) and [ www.nextgen.com](http://www.nextgen.com/) (collectively, the “QSI Site”), but does not apply to any third party sites that may be linked to them. This policy is part of the terms and conditions that govern use of the QSI Site. By using the QSI Site, you agree to be bound by the terms of this privacy policy. If You do not agree with these terms, please do not use the QSI Site.

We use the QSI Site to make information, products, and services available to a diverse group of people who are interested in QSI and its products and services, including present and prospective clients, healthcare IT professionals, investors and members of the general public (collectively, the “QSI Community”). As used in this Privacy Policy, “You” and “Your” refers to You as a member of the QSI Community, whether You are acting on Your own behalf or as a representative of another person or entity. The term “personal information” means information that You provide to us which personally identifies You to be contacted or identified, such as Your name, phone number, email address, and any other data that is tied to such information. 

  


### The Information We Obtain

We collect the information We need to provide the QSI Community with the information, products, and services that members of that community request and to update, promote, and distribute our products and services to meet the needs of the QSI Community as they evolve. 

If You request information, products, or services from QSI, We will ask You to provide the information We need to respond to Your request. No one is required to provide any information to Us at any time. However, if You do not provide Us with the information We request, We may be unable to provide You with the information, products, or services You have asked for. In other cases, Your decision not to provide Us with information may preclude Your access to certain features and functions of products and services We offer. 

We also obtain information through the QSI Site, by using forms posted on or linked to the site that seek information including Your interests and concerns, preferences for products and services, or contact information. We also seek information through email, and in other routine, lawful operations that We conduct in the ordinary course of operating our business. 

These operations may include the use of common data gathering functionality, such as cookies and other devices that collect certain standard information generated by web browsers pertaining to users of the QSI Site, such as IP addresses, access times, and their experience using one or more websites operated by or on behalf of QSI. We may use the information We collect in connection with Your use of the QSI Sites (including Your personal information) in order to investigate, enforce, and apply our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. 

QSI uses ClickTale web analytics service on some QSI Sites. ClickTale may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, and scrolling activity as well as any text you type in this website. ClickTale does not collect personally identifiable information that you do not voluntarily enter in this website. ClickTale does not track your browsing habits across websites which do not use ClickTale services. For more information see [Privacy Policy for Information Collected by the ClickTale Web Analytics Service](http://www.clicktale.com/privacy_service.aspx) . We are using the information collected by ClickTale service to evaluate the usability of the applicable QSI Site. You can choose to disable the Service at <http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html>. 

  


### Clients and Other Authorized Users

Clients of QSI products and services may use the sections of the QSI Site reserved for customer use (login required) solely as their respective agreements permit. Other authorized users of information resources available on or through this site may use them solely as and to the extent that have been authorized to do so. We request information from clients and other authorized users to authenticate them and verify their authorized use of the products, services, and other resources We provide. 

  


###  Promotional Offers

Promotional offers are governed by their terms and conditions. We may request information from those responding to offers to determine eligibility and to process and fulfill eligible responses. 

  


###  How We Use The Information Provided

We do not request any patient information through the general QSI Site (www.nextgen.com). Certain web-based services provided by QSI, such as NextGen® Patient Portal, NextGen® Health Quality Measures, NextGen® Health Information Exchange and NextGen® Revenue Cycle Management and certain support operations involve access to, and the processing of, patient information. This information is provided to Us lawfully by: (i) medical professionals who have obtained their patients’ consent to provide Us with their patient information or (ii) by the patient themselves (or, if the patient is a minor, through their parent or guardian). 

The QSI Site is not designed to be used by children. The general QSI Sites are not intended to collect or retain any patient data. However, use of certain QSI web-based services (e.g. NextGen Patient Portal) may allow and/or require the collection of certain patient data. Children under the age of thirteen (13) should not use any QSI service that requires and/or collects patient data unless they are doing so under the direction of their parent/guardian or medical professional. 

We use the information we obtain to provide the QSI Site, provide Clients and authorized users with: 

  * Products, services and information resources; 
  * The development of new and updated products, services, and information resources; 
  * The administration of, protection of, and management of the QSI Site, our products, services, and information resources; and 
  * Communications concerning our products, services, and information, which includes marketing and promotions, including the processing and where applicable, fulfillment of promotional offers. 



These uses may involve disclosure of this information to vendors, technology and marketing partners, resellers, medical professionals, and others who assist Us in the development, marketing, sales, and support of our products and services. We may use and disclose aggregated, non-personal information derived from our operations for a variety of development, promotional, communications, and other business purposes. If We wish to use Your name, likeness, or other personally identifiable information for promotional purposes or corporate communications, We will seek Your permission before doing so. 

  


### Disclosures of Information

We may disclose certain information We obtain in order to provide certain products, services, and information resources and to develop, promote, and support our products and services, solely as our agreements with our clients, other authorized users, vendors, technology partners, marketing partners, and others permit. In order to ensure continuity of the QSI Site and the integrity and availability of the information required to provide it and our products and services, information provided to Us may be backed up or archived, and this may include the storage of information at facilities operated by our vendors. Finally, We may disclose information as We believe necessary to: (a) comply with applicable law and regulations, which may include disclosures made in response to any subpoena, document request, or other legal request seeking the disclosure of information that appears to have been lawfully issued; (b) perform under and enforce the terms and conditions under which our products and services are provided; (c) exercise QSI’s legal rights in its products, services, and resources and to otherwise protect its assets; and (d) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public. The information We obtain in connection with the QSI Site is not sold, rented, or otherwise disclosed to any person or entity except as this policy states. 

  


### Third Party Links

The QSI Site may contain links to third party sites to provide additional, value added services. Except as set forth herein, We do not share Your personal information with those third parties, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. We suggest You read the privacy policies on all such third party websites. 

  


### Regulation & Security

Certain information provided to Us may be Protected Health Information as that term is defined in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (“ARRA”), Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (“HITECH”) and in regulations promulgated thereunder and it may also be subject to regulation under state law (“PHI”). We offer and provide the QSI Site and our products and services in a manner that complies with all applicable laws and regulations we are aware of and/or become known to us and will continue to do so. As an example, We have Business Associates Agreements in place with our clients, partners, and vendors that govern the disclosure and use of PHI that is required for Us to provide them with the products and services they have requested. 

If You order services from QSI that require You to provide to Us personal health information that is protected under any federal or state laws (including HIPAA), You grant to Us a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free right and license to use de-identified patient and administrative data (“De-Identified Use Data” as defined under 45 C.F.R. § 165.514) collected or provided through your use of the QSI Site for any lawful business purpose, provided that such data is not personally identifiable. We shall have the right to de-identify such patient and administrative data and then utilize the De-Identified Use Data for any lawful purpose, including but not limited to creating statistical norms and reports, de-identified score cards, regional or national benchmarking, or to be used for research considerations, provided, however, that the data shall not include member identities and claims information that is unprotected. Personally identifiable patient, physician, and Your information shall remain confidential and shall not be released. Further, should We choose to place the De-Identified Use Data in its national database or in any way incorporate such data in studies and/or analyses conducted directly or indirectly by Us, no such data shall be identified as originating from You, or Your patients, members, or physicians. The De-Identified Use Data shall also not be utilized in any study, report, or publication without first being integrated with a significant body of other data such that neither You nor Your patients or physicians can be identified, unless appropriate, advance, and written consents to such identification are obtained. 

We use appropriate security measures to protect the information We obtain from unauthorized alteration, loss, disclosure, or use, including technological, physical, and administrative controls over access to the systems We use to provide the QSI Site and our products and services. As an example, We restrict access to particular systems and information to those employees and independent contractors whose duties require them to have it. To obtain this access, employees and independent contractors are required to agree not to: (a) disclose that information; or (b) use their access or any confidential information except to exercise their rights or discharge their obligations under their respective agreements. 

  


### Access and Changes to Information; Deletion of Information

Clients and authorized users of our products, services, and information resources have access to the information We store about them, and may change that information at no charge, provided that doing so is consistent with their respective agreements with QSI. Certain information services We provide may reflect patient information as it appears in the medical records of those patients that are maintained by the medical professionals they consult. We may retain the information We obtain for a period sufficient to provide the products and services that our clients request, as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, and as QSI’s management deems appropriate. 

  


### Compliance, Questions and Concerns

We monitor our compliance with this policy. Questions or concerns should be directed to: 

**Dave Ott** ,  
Privacy and Security Officer  
NextGen Healthcare Information Systems, LLC  
795 Horsham Road  
Horsham, PA 19044 

With a copy to: 

**Bob Ellis** ,  
EVP & General Counsel  
NextGen Healthcare Information Systems, LLC  
795 Horsham Road  
Horsham, PA 19044 

Complaints will be acknowledged, investigated, resolved between Us and the parties concerned when possible, and reported to governmental authorities as the applicable law requires and as appropriate. 

  


### Changes to this Policy

We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. We will make reasonable efforts to post a notice on the QSI Site to alert You to changes in this policy. You are welcome to contact us at any time with any questions You may have about this policy, including questions as to whether the posted policy has been changed. Unless a notification of the change in policy states otherwise, changes to this policy are effective as of the date and time posted. Continued use of the QSI Site following notice of such changes shall indicate Your acknowledgement and consent of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes. 

**Policy Effective Date:** March, 2014 
