> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nextlimit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171214102310id_/http%3A//www.nextlimit.com/politica-de-privacidad) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Next Limit

## NEXT LIMIT TECHNOLOGIES – DISCLAIMER & PRIVACY POLICY

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. We are committed to protecting the privacy of your personal data collected at our internet web sites.

This policy applies to all Next Limit’s internet web sites including, but not limited to, www.nextlimit.com, www.realflow.com, www.maxwellrender.com and www.carontefx.com.

Privacy policy

Next Limit, S.L. through its websites requests certain personal information from users. The information supplied by the user will be held in an automatically generated personal file belonging to Next Limit S.L. and will be processed with the aim of providing the services requested by the user. The user authorizes the automatic treatment of the personal data supplied as necessary for the supply of the agreed upon services.

The personal information gathered from registered clients is stored in a data base which is property of Next Limit, S.L., which provides the technical, organizational and security measures to guarantee the confidentiality and integrity of the information in compliance with the Personal Data Protection Legislation, Organic Law 15/1999 of 13 December, and other applicable legislation.

Next Limit, S.L., through its websites, will use the data supplied by the user for internal use in order to publicize offers and promotions that may be of interest to the user.

The user agrees to cede his/her personal details to other companies belonging to Next Limit S.L and to other companies with which collaboration agreements have been reached with the only aim of providing a better service and at all times respecting Spanish and international data protection legislation.

Next Limit S.L., through its websites, will use cookies when the user is navigating on the site. The cookies are only associated with an anonymous user and his/her computer and do not supply information which might enable the identification of the user. The cookies make it possible to recognize registered users after they have registered for the first time without it being necessary for them to register every time they visit the site in order to enter areas of the site and services that are specifically reserved for them. Users have the option of stopping cookies from being generated by selecting the corresponding option in their navigator.  
Any registered user may exercise their right to access, correction, and cancellation of their personal information supplied to the Next Limit website. This may be done either by writing to Next Limit, S.L., C/ Angel Cavero, 2, 28043 Madrid (Spain) or by email communication to: webmaster@nextlimit.com

General and Non-identifiable Information

In general anyone can visit our web sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Our web servers will collect non-identifiable information from visits to our web sites, for example the IP address of your computer, number of visits to the web sites, time spent on the site, pages and images viewed, and content downloaded from our web sites. We may use a third party organisation to collect and analyse this data. This information is anonymous and not linked to any personally identifiable information, and is used to measure the use of our web sites and help improve the web sites to fit the needs of visitors.

Information Security

All personal information is stored on secure servers and uses appropriate secure transport protocols including Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). We take strong precautions to protect your data from loss, misuse, and unauthorised access or disclosure. No data transmission over the internet is 100% secure, we cannot warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
