> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the next-episode.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181223162245id_/https%3A//next-episode.net/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Next Episode

**This privacy policy** This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Next Episode collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the [http://next-episode.net](https://next-episode.net/) website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Next Episode. **Personal identification information** As a general rule, Next Episode doesn't collect or store visitors personal information. 

The only personal information we collect and store is users email address when they register. Email address is needed in order to restore users account in case of a forgotten password and some site features (like email notifications). **Non-personal identification information** We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. **Web browser cookies** Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. **How we protect your information** We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. **Sharing your personal information** We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. **Google Adsense** Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html> **Changes to this privacy policy** Next Episode has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. **Your acceptance of these terms** By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. **Contacting us** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us through this [contact form](https://next-episode.net/feedback) or directly at our email address at [info@next-episode.net](mailto:info@next-episode.net).

This document was last updated on November 09, 2018
