> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nextdoor.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-02-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160201004827id_/https%3A//nextdoor.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Nextdoor | Privacy Policy

### Nextdoor Privacy Policy

Welcome to Nextdoor! We invite you to read this privacy policy, which describes our privacy and security practices. We want you to understand how and when we handle the personal information collected and generated through your use of the Nextdoor.com website and our iOS and Android apps (“ **Nextdoor** ” or our “ **Services** ”; we also use “ **Nextdoor** ” to refer to the companies operating our Services, which are Nextdoor.com, Inc. in the United States and Nextdoor EMEA Limited in other countries).

This policy is a part of the Nextdoor [member agreement](https://web.archive.org/member_agreement/), and it controls over any conflicts with that agreement.

Please make sure that you read this policy carefully. By visiting our website, using any of our Services, or otherwise indicating your assent, you consent to us using your personal information in the ways described below and in the links provided in this policy. If you don’t consent to us using your information in these ways, please stop using Nextdoor. Please [contact us](https://help.nextdoor.com/customer/en/portal/emails/new?) if you have any questions or concerns.

_Non-U.S. Residents_ : Please note that your use of Nextdoor means that your information may be used in the United States and the other countries from which we support our non-U.S. operations; privacy protections and rules in these countries may not be the same as in your home country. By continuing to use Nextdoor, you consent to this use. See “Export of Data” below for details. (If you are a U.S. resident, this paragraph doesn’t apply to you.)

**COLLECTING AND USING INFORMATION**

**General Practices**  
_Server Logs._ We automatically collect information created by your visits to our website and use of our apps, your use of Nextdoor, and your interaction with the messages we send. This information may include the browser you are using, the URLs you came from and go to, the model of your computer or mobile device, the operating system version, IP address and protocol used by your computer or mobile device, your mobile device or app identifier, and usage and browsing habits. We use this information to provide and improve our Services, to diagnose and resolve problems, to analyze trends, to help target offers and other ads (if and where applicable), to monitor aggregate usage, and to gather broad (aggregate) demographic information.

_Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies._ Like most online service providers, we use “cookies” – small data files with unique identifiers that are stored on your computer or mobile device — as well as web beacons and similar technologies. Some come from us, some come from our service providers, and some are placed by third parties. We use these technologies to enable features, recognize you, understand how you interact with Nextdoor, improve Nextdoor, and to protect you, other users and Nextdoor. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. You can configure your browser to reject cookies, but doing so will prevent you from logging into our website. Our systems are not configured to accept browsers’ Do Not Track signals. To learn more about our use of cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies, click [here. ](https://nextdoor.com/cookie_policy)

_Receiving Invitations._ Existing Nextdoor members may invite you to join the service via postal mail, email, SMS/text message or other ways. Nextdoor may help members extend these invitations (which may include reminders) by requesting access to the member’s email or other contacts or asking the inviting member to provide the invited person’s email or postal street address. If you aren’t a member, you can opt-out of future email invitations or reminders or ask us to amend or delete any personal information about you, by contacting us. Please note that Nextdoor may also extend invitations itself by direct-mailing postcards to potential new members; to help extend those invitations, we gather information from third-party sources, such as general census data or postal address change information, to identify residential addresses not already associated with members of a neighborhood.

If we haven't built your neighborhood service yet, you can ask us to notify you when we create a neighborhood where you live. We retain your request information until your neighborhood is established and then use it to provide the requested notification and assist with your verification. If you change your mind about wanting to be notified, [contact us.](https://help.nextdoor.com/customer/en/portal/emails/new?)

**Sign-Up and Verification**  
_Creating a Neighborhood._ To create a neighborhood, we obtain public information about residences in the neighborhood, such as street addresses and property lot maps. Your neighbors may provide us with your contact information. If you aren't a member but would like us to delete personal information about you, [contact us.](https://help.nextdoor.com/customer/en/portal/emails/new?)

_Verification as a Resident Of Your Neighborhood._ Nextdoor requires members to verify their status as real-world residential neighbors. As an initial matter, you must confirm your email address. If you fail to confirm your email address or verify your residential status as requested by us, we may choose to restrict or terminate your account.

You can verify your neighbor status by:  
(1) having a neighbor who already has a verified account in the neighborhood invite you to the neighborhood and confirm your address, or   
(2) submitting your name and street address (and email address, if we don't already have it) and then providing us (or a third-party service provider directly) with additional authenticating information that we request, such as a unique code we mail to your home address, or a unique code we provide by calling your home or mobile phone number. Alternatively, we might send this code by SMS to your mobile device. If you live in the United States (or elsewhere where permitted by law), we may allow you to use a credit card number or the last four digits of your social security number as authenticating information.

In addition, neighborhood Leads, who help manage neighborhoods on Nextdoor, can see unverified neighbors and their addresses and manually verify them. To further help with neighbor verification, Leads also may be able to see all neighbors’ addresses, regardless of their display settings. We may notify Leads of new members as they join the neighborhood members. To learn more about Leads, click [here.](https://help.nextdoor.com/customer/en/portal/topics/326511-nextdoor-leads/articles)

We may offer other verification methods as well.

To help with verification, we may share or confirm your verification information with our service providers. (For example, where permitted by law, we may ask a service provider to confirm that the billing address for the mobile telephone number provided by you matches your residential address.) We may retain your verification-related information for a reasonable period of time, even if you do not complete all verification steps, to assist with future verifications and to prevent abuse of our verification processes. If you decide not to verify the account and would like us to delete the verification information you provided, [contact us.](https://help.nextdoor.com/customer/en/portal/emails/new?)

_Facebook Connect._ If you register for Nextdoor using your Facebook account, we automatically request your email address and publicly available information, including your account ID, name and gender as well as public information about your Facebook friends. We use the information to automatically create your Nextdoor account and profile (and ask you for a password) so you can log into Nextdoor in the future without connecting through Facebook. If you revisit Nextdoor while logged into Facebook, we’ll automatically log you into your Nextdoor account. If you don’t register for Nextdoor using Facebook but later attempt to log into Nextdoor using your Facebook credentials, we’ll connect your Facebook and Nextdoor accounts and request the information from Facebook as if you were newly registering. Information gathered by Facebook in connection with your use of Facebook products, features, and services is governed by Facebook’s data policy.

If you register or log in via Facebook, we may give you the option to invite your Facebook friends to Nextdoor. Those friends will see some information about you along with your invitation.

**Using Nextdoor**  
_Personal Profile Information._ We allow members to create a personal profile and submit information such as your phone number, photo, occupation, family members, biography and personal interests. If you provide family members’ personal information, such as photos, please ensure they are comfortable with you sharing it. You can choose to hide certain profile information, but your name, photo (if any) and the name of your street will be visible to neighbors in your neighborhood. Only your name, photo, and neighborhood name will be visible to your nearby neighbors; you can choose to share more profile information with nearby neighbors by configuring your [profile settings.](https://nextdoor.com/email_prefs/?panel=p) Irrespective of your subscriptions to nearby neighborhoods, you can control whether neighbors outside your neighborhood can see your full personal profile by configuring your settings. If you post a message to nearby neighborhoods, your name, photo and the name of your neighborhood will be visible. If you are the subject of an unauthorized account or profile, please [contact us.](https://help.nextdoor.com/customer/en/portal/emails/new?) Events or other Content listings posted at a “public” level will display only the name of your neighborhood, not your full name, photo, or partial profile.

_Nextdoor Now Provider Profile Information._ If you sign up to provide services, like tutoring or babysitting, to other Nextdoor members through Nextdoor Now, you will create a Nextdoor Now profile as part of signing up. Your Nextdoor Now provider profile includes your name, your photo, and the “about me” description you created during signup for Nextdoor Now, as well as any recommendations you receive from other members. Your Nextdoor Now provider profile, including your name and photo, are visible to members of nearby neighborhoods even if you have set your personal profile as visible only to your neighborhood. You can opt out of sharing your Nextdoor Now provider profile by ceasing to offer services and de-selecting the services you used to offer. We may offer you the option to make your Nextdoor Now provider profile publicly visible, meaning that your Nextdoor Now provider profile would be visible outside Nextdoor to non-members and could be indexed by search engines to help potential customers find you. If we offer public profile visibility, it will be optional; you will always have the ability not to have your Nextdoor Now provider profile publicly visible.

_Communications with Other Members._ We give you a variety of ways to communicate with your neighbors and share Content (as defined in the member agreement). Some communications, such as private messages, are visible only to the sender and recipient. Most communications are visible to the entire neighborhood and (if you choose) nearby neighborhoods. You can set Content visibility at the time you create it, with some exceptions. Replies and “thanks” in a conversation have the same visibility as the original post that started the conversational thread.

Posts by Nextdoor accounts operated by governmental agencies, such as police or fire departments, are broadcasts, meaning that they are visible across the agency’s service area, potentially covering multiple neighborhoods or an entire city. You can opt out of receiving agency broadcast posts. Posts by Nextdoor accounts operated by other organizations, such as businesses or non-profits, will be visible to any members who are subscribers to that organization’s posts. Replies to broadcast posts have the same visibility as the original post, even to members who are not nearby neighbors; those distant members can reply to or “thank” other members on the thread, and can see their first name, last initial, photo, and neighborhood name, but not their full profile. We offer agency and organizations the option of sharing their broadcast feeds publicly, which means they can be indexed by search engines or otherwise publicly visible outside Nextdoor. As part of this option, we provide only the number of replies and “thanks”; in the future, we may include the replies, anonymized to show only the member’s neighborhood name, without any identifying information.

Some types of Content, such as Event listings, may be shared by the posting member publicly and as a result may be indexed by search engines or otherwise publicly visible (i.e., visible to non-members) outside Nextdoor. Recommendations may also be shared with the Nextdoor Now provider, business, or organization being recommended. We may also use snippets of recommendations or other aggregate or anonymized Content, not associated with individual members, to highlight popular neighborhood topics or resources on public pages, such as the neighborhood’s public home page or an organization’s public page. If you believe that a snippet of anonymized or aggregate public Content is yours and do not wish it to be publicly visible, [contact us.](https://help.nextdoor.com/customer/en/portal/emails/new?)

If you do not wish to see communications from a member, you can choose to block, or “mute”, that member’s communications, with limited exceptions. To learn more about communications and visibility, visit [Nextdoor Help.](https://help.nextdoor.com/) You can edit or delete your Content once posted, with limited exceptions; please note that deleting a post will result in removal of all replies to that post too.

_Email Preferences._ You can manage your email preferences on your [settings page.](https://nextdoor.com/email_prefs/) Certain member-related administrative emails cannot be turned off; the only way to end those is to delete or deactivate your account.

_Respecting Your Neighbors' Privacy._ One of Nextdoor’s central tenets is that neighbors should be able to communicate privately amongst themselves. For this reason, we restrict who can access your neighborhood and take efforts to exclude non-neighbors from the conversation. For example, we don't let public web search engines (such as Google) index member-submitted Content, except as described in this Privacy Policy. (For example, we allow web search engines to index public posts by local agency partners, snippets of aggregated or anonymized Content, and items such as Event listings that were marked “public” by the members who posted them)

Given this norm, taking information or Content shared by one neighbor member to another and sharing it outside the neighborhood(s) without authorization violates your neighbors' expectations and is a serious breach of trust. Therefore, you may not share your account with someone else, nor should you share your neighbors' information or any non-public Content sent through Nextdoor with anyone outside the neighborhood(s) to which the post was distributed without the author's permission. Also, you may not gather information from Nextdoor, either manually or on an automated basis (such as through scripts, robots, crawlers or spiders). Without limiting the foregoing, it is never OK to provide your neighbors' information from Nextdoor to third-party marketers.

Violating this provision or other aspects of the Nextdoor Member Agreement may lead to a loss of account privileges, potentially including a permanent ban from Nextdoor.

_Apps._ Our mobile apps have the ability, with your consent, to obtain and use your geolocation information. Depending on your device type and its operating system, you will be prompted to approve Nextdoor’s access to location services either before installing our app, or when you first use an app feature that requires your location. With your permission, we may use your location information to display your location to you on your neighborhood map; to tag your posts, photos and events; to verify your address; and to display activities and Content that may be relevant to your current location.

_Inviting Others to Join Nextdoor._ As a Nextdoor member, you may also choose to invite others to join Nextdoor. You may invite others by typing in their email or postal address, or by sharing access to your email contacts and selecting friends or neighbors to invite by email. If an invitation is pending, the recipients may receive, on your behalf, a limited number of follow-ups reminding them of the pending invitation to join Nextdoor.

_Third-Party Offers._ We know that you do not want marketing from third parties just because you join a neighborhood website, so we do not share your personal information with third-party marketers without your express consent.

In the future, we may create a feature that presents offers for goods and services we think you'd like. If you decide to engage with an offer, you may be presented with an opportunity to share information with the merchant. If you accept the offer, you are providing your consent for us to share information with the merchant; otherwise, we won't transmit that information to the merchant. Information shared this way with the merchant will be governed by the merchant’s privacy policy, not ours.

_Moving Neighborhoods._ If you move from one neighborhood to another, you need to move your account with you, so you will need to verify your address in the new neighborhood. Some of your personal profile (such as name, photo, interests, responses to your invitations, phone and email contact) will migrate to the new neighborhood. Once your new address is verified, you will no longer be a member of the old neighborhood. You won’t appear on that neighborhood’s directory or map, receive notifications from the old neighborhood, or be able to access the Content in the old neighborhood (although, if you move to a nearby neighborhood, you may be able to access posts from the old neighborhood accessible to nearby neighbors). Your previously posted Content will remain in the old neighborhood, attributed to you, unless you delete individual Content items before moving or you delete your account. Remaining Content items will link to a limited user profile that includes your name and photo. We may notify the neighborhood Leads of your move and give you an opportunity to inform them of the change.

**Deactivation, Reactivation and Deletion**  
While your account is active, you can delete individual Content items at any time, except for private messages sent by you, which cannot be deleted. You can deactivate through your account settings with immediate effect; to request reactivation, you simply log back in to Nextdoor and indicate that you wish to reactivate. To delete your account, please contact us at deletion@nextdoor.com; account deletion may take up to forty (40) days.

_Account deactivation_ will end all email notifications, and you will no longer appear in your neighborhood directory or map. Upon deactivation, your previously posted Content will remain in your neighborhood, attributed to you, except for any individual Content items you deleted before you deactivated your account. Remaining Content items will link to a limited user profile that includes your name and photo. We may notify the neighborhood Leads of your departure from the neighborhood and give you an opportunity to inform them.

_Account deletion_ also ends all email notifications; you will no longer appear in your neighborhood directory or map. (Note: Because deletion removes your account information from our systems, you may in the future receive new invitations to join Nextdoor.) Account deletion will result in the deletion of all of your previously posted Content and all data relevant to you except that: (a) private messages may remain visible to the recipient but attributed anonymously (e.g., “A Member”); (b) we may retain minimal account records to the extent necessary for legal, safety, or other legitimate reasons. We may notify the neighborhood Leads of your departure from the neighborhood. Account deletion cannot be undone.

**SHARING AND DISCLOSING INFORMATION**  
_Contractors/Service Providers._ Third-party contractors and service providers may have limited access to your personal information in the course of providing services for Nextdoor. For example, where permitted by law, we may use a third-party service provider to help verify your address by confirming a match between your address and the billing address for your telephone. Some of Nextdoor’s functionality is operated by third-party service providers (such as mapping features provided by Google, Inc.), so we may share your information with them to enable them to provide this functionality.

_Our “Corporate Family.”_ Nextdoor.com, Inc. is the company that provides Nextdoor in the United States, and its subsidiary Nextdoor EMEA Limited, an Irish registered company, provides Nextdoor in other countries. As we grow and Nextdoor becomes available in more countries, we may expand our corporate family by establishing local subsidiaries or other affiliates in these countries as needed to help us provide Nextdoor there. If you have questions about the Nextdoor family of companies, [contact us](https://help.nextdoor.com/customer/en/portal/emails/new?). To help provide, maintain, and improve Nextdoor, we may share your personal information among our corporate family. Upon or in anticipation of the acquisition of our company and/or all or part of its assets, your personal information may be transferred. 

_Legal and Safety Reasons._ We may retain, preserve, or share your personal information if we have a good-faith belief that (a) we are legally required to do so in response to a legal request (e.g., a subpoena, search warrant, or court order) or (b) that it is necessary or appropriate to do so to defend or enforce our rights, to enforce our Member Agreement or any other agreements we have with you, or to prevent physical injury or other harm to any person or entity, including yourself and members of the general public.

Posts by agency (government entity) accounts and your replies to those posts may be subject to laws mandating public access to government records (such as the Freedom of Information Act/FOIA or state "sunshine" laws).

**OTHER THINGS FOR YOU TO UNDERSTAND**  
_Data Retention._ We may retain personal information in our server logs, our databases and our records for as long as necessary in light of the purposes set out in this privacy policy, subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information.

_Access:_ You can access much of your Nextdoor personal information by logging into your Nextdoor account. If you require additional access or if you are not currently a Nextdoor member, email us at personal-info@nextdoor.com to request a copy of your Nextdoor personal information.

_Security._ Nextdoor uses appropriate technical and organizational measures intended to keep your data secure, including using https on our web pages to reduce the risk of unauthorized interception of your communications during your visits to the website. However, the internet is not a fully secure environment and we cannot guarantee that your personal information won’t be intercepted or improperly accessed. Please ensure that you keep your password safe and do not share it with anyone. 

_Export of Data (Non-U.S. Residents)._ By using the Services, you authorize Nextdoor to use your information in the United States and other countries where Nextdoor operates. Please be aware that the privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in some of these countries may not be equivalent to those in your country. We will only transfer personal data to these countries where permitted to do so by law and we will take steps intended to ensure that your personal information continues to enjoy appropriate protections. (If you are a U.S. resident, this paragraph does not apply to you.)

_Other Services and Websites._ Our Services may contain links to and from websites and services operated by third parties. Please note that these third parties have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their privacy and security practices.

_Amendment._ From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy. If we materially change our privacy policy, we will take steps to notify you in advance of the change, for example by emailing you or posting a notice in your neighborhood feed. The most up-to-date version of the privacy policy is available [here.](https://nextdoor.com/privacy_policy) If you continue to access or use our Services after the date any revised privacy policy comes into force, you will be deemed to have consented to the revised privacy policy.

If you live in the United States, the Services are operated and provided to you by Nextdoor.com, Inc., 760 Market Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94102.

If you live outside the United States, the Services are operated and provided to you by Nextdoor EMEA Limited, an Irish registered company. For the purposes of the EU Data Protection Directive (95/46/EC), Nextdoor EMEA Limited is the controller of the personal data of non-US members and visitors collected, used and shared through the Services.

**Contact Us**  
Nextdoor.com, Inc., 760 Market Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94102. Phone: 415-236-0000. Fax: 415-344-0303. Email: privacy@nextdoor.com Nextdoor EMEA Limited, 6th Floor, South Bank House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4.

_Last updated: December 29, 2015._
