> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the siliconvalley.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180324092540id_/http%3A//www.mercurynews.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – The Mercury News

PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES PERIODICALLY AND IS EFFECTIVE AS OF FEBRUARY 15, 2018.

Digital First Media (“Digital First Media,” “us,” or “we”) is committed to protecting your personal privacy. We provide this notice to explain the type of Personal Information (as defined below) we collect on web sites including SMS/Text Alerts and Mobile Web owned by the Digital First Media, such as www.digitalfirstmedia.com and www.adtaxi.com (each, a “Web Site”), and our mobile application (the “Application,” together with Web Site, the “Platform”) and how we use Personal Information. Our Privacy Policy is available for you to review on the home page of every Digital First Media web site (“Policy”).By visiting our Platform or using the services offered on or through our Platform, you, or if you represent an entity or other organization, that entity or organization, (in either case, “you” or “your”) agree to the terms of this Policy, and the Terms of Use (available at http://www.digitalfirstmedia.com/terms-of-use/), as they may be amended from time to time. As we update and expand our Platform and services, our Policy may change so check back to this page from time to time.

Our Policy does not apply to Personal Information that you may provide to us, or that we may obtain, other than through our Platform, such as by phone, by mail, or through other offline and print media. This Policy does not apply to Personal Information collected about you by anyone except us and only applies to the Platform to which this Policy is linked.

Our Platform is intended for users who are located in the United States of America. Our Policy shall be interpreted under the laws of the United States.

  1. **Purpose:  **In order to make your visits to our Platform and use of the services available on or through our Platform as worthwhile as possible, we may ask you for Personal Information and we may collect certain information from your computer each time you visit us. “Personal Information” includes, for example, your name; home address; business address; e-mail address; telephone, wireless or fax number; short message service or text message address or other wireless device address; instant messaging address; credit card and other payment information; demographic information; or other information that may identify you as an individual or allow online or offline contact with you as an individual. From time to time, other Personal Information, such as your age, gender, education and subscription information may also be requested. Our Policy explains in general what Personal Information and other information is collected on our Platform, how the Personal Information is used, and with whom we may share such Personal Information.
  2. **What Information is Collected on Our Platform?**
    1. _User Provided Information  _We collect Personal Information from users of our Platform. Such Personal Information may be collected, for example, when you submit a comment or question to us using a “contact us” or similar feature on our Platform, send us an e-mail, sign up for an e-mail newsletter or newsletters, text or mobile alerts, or in any other way submit information to us via our Platform.In addition to collecting Personal Information from users such as names and contact details, we also collect Non-Personal Information. “Non-Personal Information” refers to information that may not be itself be reasonably associated with, linked to, or used to identify you. For example, non-user specific aggregated data such as information about traffic patterns on the Web Sites.You may be able to send information about our products and services to your friends and family members through our Platform by clicking on an “E-mail to Friend” or similar button on our Platform or in an e-mail that we have sent you. In some of these cases (unless you simply forward our e-mail on your own), you may provide the name and e-mail address of your friend or family member to us. Such Personal Information will be treated in accordance with our Policy and applicable law.You may also be able to send an online card to a friend or family member, or send them a gift or gift certificate. If so, you may be required to provide us with your friend or family member’s Personal Information. Such Personal Information will be treated in accordance with our Policy and applicable law.
    2. _Other Information We Collect_
      1. Cookies: We may use “cookies” to keep, and sometimes track, information about you. Cookies are small data files that are sent to your browser or related software from a web server when you visit it and are stored on your computer’s hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies track where you travel on our Web Site and what you look at and purchase. They may store the information in your shopping cart, and/or your username and password. A cookie may enable us to relate your use of our Web Sites to other information about you. These purposes serve to improve and personalize your experience on our Web Sites.  
You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers, which is standard in the internet industry. We do not control these cookies, and these cookies are not subject to our Policy.Most web browsers can be set to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie. Additionally, if you have a Flash player installed on your computer, your Flash player can be set to reject or delete Flash cookies. However, refusing a cookie may, in some cases, preclude you from using, or negatively impact the display or function of, the Web Site or certain areas or features of our Web Site.
      2. Clear GIFs: We may use “clear GIFs” (a/k/a “web beacons” or “pixel tags”) or similar technologies, on our Web Site and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the internet enabling the verification of an individual’s viewing or receipt of a web page or message. A clear GIF may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you.
      3. IP Address and Clickstream Data: Pages users access or visit and information volunteered by users, such as survey information and/or Web Site registrations, is collected through various methods. For example, our server may automatically collect data about your server’s internet address when you visit us. This information, known as an Internet Protocol Address, or IP Address, is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your internet service provider whenever you’re on the internet. When you request pages from our Web Site, our servers may log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another web site or a search engine); the pages you visit on our Web Site; the web site you visit after our Web Site; the ads you see; the ads you click on; other information about the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on our Web Site or a referral site; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers. Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and internet service provider.
      4. Device Information: We may collect certain device information. Device information may include, for example: the type of device you are using (e.g., your particular brand of phone or tablet), certain device identifiers which may be unique to your device, your Internet service provider, and depending on your permissions, content you have stored on your device (e.g. contacts stored on your phone).

Please note that we treat the information in section 2.2 as Non-Personal Information, except when we are required to do otherwise under applicable law or if we link this Non-Personal Information with your Personal Information.

  3. **How is the Personal Information Used?  **We use both Personal Information and Non-Personal Information for multiple purposes. Digital First Media may use Personal Information for various purposes, including without limitation, to: 
    * improve the content of the Web Site, to customize the content and/or layout of the Web Site for each individual user, and to notify users about updates to the Web Site or promotional offers or opportunities that we believe will be of interest to you;
    * respond to your requests and to provide you with our product and service offerings;
    * maintain our internal record keeping;
    * report Personal Information about your account to credit bureaus (late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report);
    * communicate with you about, and administer your participation in promotions, surveys and market research;
    * send you newsletters, promotions and offers about new services, products or events, third-party products or services, including advertisements, by e-mail, text or another medium;
    * operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services;
    * help diagnose problems with our Platform, to administer our Platform, and to enhance the Platform for optimal user experience;
    * monitor the usage and performance of our Platform and to determine Non-Personal Information about our users;
    * enhance, improve, and analyze our products and services; managing our communications; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions); and
    * protect against fraud and identity theft and comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies, including our Terms of Use.
  4. **Do we Share Personal Information with Others?**
    1. _Social Networking:_ The Platform may offer you the ability to share your Personal Information through a social networking site (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn), using such site’s integrated tools (e.g., Facebook “Like” button, or Twitter “Tweet” button). The use of such integrated tools enables you to share Personal Information about yourself with other individuals or the public, depending on the settings that you have established with such social networking site. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and use in connection with such social networking site or a site’s integrated tools, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these social networking sites.
    2. _Third Party Offers:_ We reserve the right to make our customer lists available to companies or other entities that may or may not be affiliated with Digital First Media that have goods, services and offers that we believe might be of interest to you. We may compile these lists from customer orders placed both offline and online or that customers allow us to collect by providing us with Personal Information. We may, from time to time, provide your Personal Information to these entities so that they may send you these offers. Please note that we are not responsible for and do not have access to correct any Personal Information that is maintained by Digital First Media affiliates or other entities unaffiliated with Digital First Media.In addition, we also do not manage the unsubscribe process for various third party entities and Digital First Media affiliates. You should contact the respective Digital First Media affiliate or the third party entity for more information relating to their unsubscribe process or correction or removal of your Personal information.
    3. _Co-sponsored Contests, Sweepstakes and Offerings:_ Some of our contests, sweepstakes and other offerings may be co-sponsored by another company. In those situations, the Personal Information we obtain from you in connection with such contest, sweepstakes or offering may be shared with our co-sponsor. In those situations, our co-sponsors will have the right to use your Personal information for their own purposes, in accordance with their own policies. If you do not wish for your Personal Information we obtain from you to be shared with our co-sponsor, then do not enter such contest, sweepstake or other offering or otherwise provide to us any Personal Information in connection with such contest, sweepstake or other offering. We are not responsible for how our co-sponsors may use your Personal Information.
    4. _Service Providers:_ We may use third parties to help operate our Platform and deliver our products and services, and may share your Personal Information with our affiliates, service providers and other third parties that provide products or services for or through the Platform or for our business (such as web site or database hosting companies, address list hosting companies, e-mail service providers, analytics companies, distribution companies, fulfillment companies, and other similar service providers that use such Personal Information on our behalf). Unless otherwise stated, these companies do not have any right to use the Personal Information we provide to them beyond what is necessary for them to assist us. We may share Personal Information with third parties, including, without limitation, vendors or other service providers, affiliates and partners.When you conduct e-commerce with one of the e-commerce affiliates or service providers to which the Platform may be linked, certain Personal Information such as your e-mail and home address may be collected by the service provider’s server and made available to us. We do not, however, transfer credit card information you may provide to that service provider.
    5. _Aggregate Statistics:_ We may disclose Non-Personal Information related to aggregate statistics regarding user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Platform and e-mails to third parties in the form of aggregate data, such as overall patterns or demographic reports that do not describe or identify any individual user.
    6. _Our Right to Disclose Information Including Legally Compelled Disclosures:_ We have the right, at our sole discretion, to disclose Personal Information posted on our Platform and any other information you provide us, to third parties, including law enforcement personnel and in response to a subpoena or other lawful process potentially compelling disclosure of Personal Information without an obligation to provide prior notice to you.Such disclosure may be made, at our sole discretion, when we have reason to believe that someone has committed, or will commit, unlawful acts or acts that endanger the health or safety of another; is causing injury to, or interference with, our rights or property, other users of the Platform, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
    7. _Business Transfer:_ In the event that Digital First Media or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or substantially all of the assets of Digital First Media or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, all information, including Personal Information may be one of the transferred assets.
    8. _Third Party Ad Servers:_ We may use third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Platform. If so, a list of these ad serving companies will be available here. These companies may use Personal Information (generally, not including your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to this Platform and to other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies may employ cookies and clear GIFs to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and clear GIFs is generally not Personal Information (unless, for example, you provide Personal Information to them through an ad or e-mail message). We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these third party ad servers if you should have any concerns about how they will care for your Personal Information. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this Personal information used by these companies, see the Network Advertising Initiative’s consumer web site at www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/.Digital First Media participates in behavioral based advertising. This means that a third party may use technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect Personal Information about your use of the Platform so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests. This advertising may appear either on the Platform, or on other sites.
  5. **Public Forums, Messaging, and Submissions  **Digital First Media, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, may offer public chat rooms, bulletin boards, and comment submission forms. Please note that information that you disclose in these public forums become public and may be associated with your name. By submitting information to these public forums, you opt in to sharing such information publicly. Use caution in disclosing any personal information in these public forums. The Platform may also allow you to exchange messages with other users or Digital First Media and its associated editors and reporters. We may use and share these submissions for any purposes associated with the operation of the Platform or Digital First Media’s business.
  6. **Right to Opt-Out  **You have the right to “opt-out” of certain of our uses of your Personal Information. For example, at the time you are requested to provide Personal Information on this Platform, you may have the opportunity to elect to, or not to: (i) receive correspondence from us, or (ii) have your Personal Information shared with other entities affiliated or unaffiliated with the Digital First Media for their marketing purposes. You may also make this request by contacting us with the method listed in the “Contact Us” section and “opt-out” and do not want to receive any marketing correspondence from us or from affiliated and unaffiliated entities. In this e-mail, please indicate whether you would like to opt-out of (i) receiving any correspondence from us or from entities affiliated with us or unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes; or (ii) (selectively identify opt-out options, e.g., receipt of promotional correspondence, e-newsletters or correspondence, sharing of Personal Information with entities affiliated with you for their marketing purposes, sharing of Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes, etc.) You may also opt-out of the promotional or other e-mails by clicking on an opt-out link within the e-mail you received.Please understand that if you opt-out of receiving correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us. Also, a request to have us stop sharing your Personal Information with other entities for marketing purposes will apply as of the date that is ten (10) business days after our receipt of your request, and we will not be responsible for any communications that you may receive from entities that received your Personal Information prior to the expiration of this ten (10) business day period to process such request. In these cases, please contact that entity directly.As noted in section 4.2 above, Customers should contact the non-DFM companies or entities that have been provided Personal Information by DFM to request that those third-party companies and entities remove the customers Personal Information.*Message and Data Rates May Apply, 3 msgs/day. For help, text HELP to the short code 22700, email support@insequent.com, or call 888-988-9683. You may cancel the mobile subscription at any time by texting STOP to the short code 22700. Customer Support: support@insequent.com or 888-988-9683.Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you not be “tracked” online. At this time, Digital First Media does not modify your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast.
  7. **Security  ** No transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of the Digital First Media to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully, including in the case of your contacting us by e-mail or a “contact us” or similar feature on our Platform. Accordingly, though the Digital First Media may take reasonable steps to protect the security and integrity of all Personal Information provided to this Platform, due to the inherent nature of the internet as an open global communications vehicle, we cannot guarantee that Personal Information, during transmission through the internet or while stored on our system or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. Any such transmission is done at your own risk.In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your Personal Information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by any method permitted by law.
  8. **Children  ** Digital First Media does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. Children ages 13 to 17 must get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before making purchases, including subscriptions, on Digital First Media sites. No one under age 13 is authorized to provide any Personal Information or use our public discussion areas, forums and chat rooms. The Digital First Media does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13.
  9. **Third Party “Linked-To” Web Sites  ** When you are on our Platform you may have the opportunity to visit, or link to, other web sites not operated by Digital First Media, including other web sites operated by our affiliates, by service vendors, or by unaffiliated third parties. These web sites may collect Personal Information about you. Digital First Media does not control web sites that are operated by these entities and is not responsible for the information practices of these web sites. Our Policy does not address the information practices of those other web sites. The privacy policies of web sites operated by other affiliates of Digital First Media are located on those web sites.
  10. **Prospective Employee and Employee Information  ** If you submit an application for employment to or are currently an employee of Digital First Media, Digital First Media is authorized to collect the information in any form it obtains through your application for employment or continued employment with Digital First Media, and your submission of employee related documents, including but not limited to the Personal Information that you submit in connection with your employment or intended employment (collectively “Employee Information”). Examples of Employee Information collected in connection with your employment or application for employment includes but is not limited to your name, date of birth, government issued identification (passport, social security number, driver’s license number), banking information, marital status, health information, benefit information, title, employment history, education, job qualifications, and other relevant employee personal data. We also collect some of this information about your dependents when you provide it to us when you enroll in health and other benefits or provide contact information. By providing Personal Information about family members or other individuals, you represent that you have their consent to provide this information to us for the purposes set forth in this Policy. Employee Information does not include any Personal Information that is available to the general public and excludes information generally available on a business card.Digital First Media will collect, use, store and retain, and secure your social security number in accordance with this Policy. Digital First Media will not intentionally communicate or make available, in any manner, your social security number to the general public. Digital First Media will not print your social security number on any card required for you to access team member services provided by Digital First Media. Digital First Media will not require you to transmit your social security number over the Internet, unless the connection is secure or the social security number is encrypted. Digital First Media will not print your social security number on any materials that are mailed to you, unless state or federal law requires or permits the social security number to be on the document to be mailed.In accordance with applicable law, Digital First Media may use Employee Information to evaluate applications for employment, manage work-related aspects of the employee-employer relationship (i.e., training, payroll, benefits, travel, reimbursement expenses, performance appraisals, succession planning, team member health and safety), investigate and respond to any claims related to your employment, and comply with applicable laws and regulations. Your Employee Information will not be used for direct marketing purposes by us or any third party service provider, unless you specifically consent to such use.Digital First Media shares your Employee Information with third parties who provide outsourced human resource functions to us. Those third parties are required to protect your Employee Information. Digital First Media may disclose your Employee Information if required or permitted to do so by law (such as when part of a governmental agency action or litigation), governmental or quasi-governmental requests, or a regulatory organization, or to relevant third parties such as site technicians, brokers, auditors, lawyers, or professional advisors. In the event that Digital First Media considers it necessary or where required by law to disclose Employee Information in certain situations where the health, safety, or wellbeing of a team member is at imminent risk, we may share your Employee Information with our outside lawyers, law enforcement, or others who are legally authorized. As Digital First Media continues to develop our business, we may buy or sell assets. In the unlikely event that Digital First Media or substantially all of our assets are acquired, Employee Information may be one of the transferred assets.Employee Information may be stored in hard copy or electronic format within your home office or in the cloud in the United States or other countries where Digital First Media, its affiliates, agents, or contractors conduct business. Your Employee Information may be transferred into our human resources systems and used to manage your employment, may become part of your personnel file, and may be used for other work-related purposes. Your Employee Information will be kept for as long as is legally required, and in some instances longer depending upon the needs of the organization and industry practices.
  11. **California Residents  **If you are a resident of California, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 may permit you to request information regarding the disclosure of your Personal Information by us to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us by any method listed below in the “Contact Us” section. In addition if you are under the age of 18 you may be entitled to request and obtain removal of Personal Information that you post on our Platform. If you would like to make such a request you can contact us by any method listed below in the “Contact Us” section.
  12. **Miscellaneous**
    1. _Consent to Processing_  
We control and operate our Platform from our offices in the United States of America. By providing Personal Information to this Platform, you understand and consent to such collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information. We do not represent that materials on the Platform are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Persons who choose to access the Platform from other locations do so on their own initiative, and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
    2. _Changes to this Policy_  
Digital First Media reserves the right to change or update this Policy, or any other of their policies or practices, at any time, and will notify users of this Platform by posting such changed or updated Policy on this page. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to this Platform.
    3. _Contact Us_  
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy practices, you may contact us at privacy@digitalfirstmedia.com.



If Digital First Media needs, or is required, to contact you concerning any event that involves information about you we may do so by e-mail, telephone, or mail.

LAST CHANGED AS OF October 5, 2017.

Following are the terms and conditions (the “Terms of Use”) that govern your use of these web sites including SMS/Text Alerts and Mobile Web owned by Digital First Media, www.digitalfirstmedia.com and www.adtaxi.com (each, a “Web Site”) and our mobile application (the “Application,” together with Web Site, the “Platform”).

Using the Platform tells us that you, or, if you represent an entity or other organization, that entity or organization (in either case “you” or “your”) have read and agreed to our Terms of Use detailed below and Privacy Policy, (available at http://www.digitalfirstmedia.com) (“Policy”). Please read the following sections carefully. If you do not agree with the Terms of Use, please exit the Platform or any site affiliated with the Platform. The Terms of Use and Policy apply to the Platform owned and operated by Digital First Media (“Digital First Media,” “us,” or “we”) or its subsidiaries or affiliates. Digital First Media reserves the right to deny access to the Platform to any person who violates the Terms of Use.

The services offered by Digital First Media or any of its affiliates on the Platform may include a variety of features, such as comments and other features which will allow feedback to Digital First Media (as defined below) (collectively “Services”).

  1. **Future Changes**



Digital First Media may change the Terms of Use, upon notice, which may be given by posting such notice on the Platform. Your continued use of the Platform after such notice will mean that you accept any such change. Although we may choose to notify you of changes by email or by other means, you agree that notice of changes to the Terms of Use posted on the Platform constitutes reasonable and sufficient notice.

  * **Term**



The Terms of Use is entered into as of the earlier of the date you access or use the Platform, Content (as defined below), or Services and will continue until terminated as set forth herein.

  * **Access to the Application and the Web Site:  **Subject to your compliance with the Terms of Use, Digital First Media will permit you to access and use the Platform, Content, and Services solely for lawful purposes and only in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and any other agreement You agree to with Digital First Media before being given access to any specific aspects of the Platform. Any additional agreement is in addition to the Terms of Use and will govern your use of the portions of the Web Site to which the additional agreement applies in the event of a conflict between the terms of the Terms of Use and the additional agreement.Subject to your compliance with the Terms of Use and any other terms and conditions accompanying the Application, Digital First Media will permit you to download and install the Application and operate the Application solely for the purpose of using and accessing the Content, and Services as intended. You may install the Application only on mobile devices, or smart phones owned or controlled by you and used only for your own personal and non-commercial purposes in accordance with the Terms of Use and any applicable terms and conditions accompanying the Application or otherwise provided to you by Digital First Media. Except as expressly set forth in the previous sentence, you are granted no licenses or other rights in or to the Application. you agree not to use, modify, reproduce, perform, display, create derivative works from, republish, post, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, distribute, or in any way exploit or utilize the Application other than as expressly permitted in the Terms of Use or any other agreement you are required to agree to before being given access to any Application.The Platform is not available for children under 13 years of age. You may only use the Platform if you are at least 13 year of age. By using the Platform, you represent that you are at least 13 years of age. Subject to your compliance with the Terms of Use, Digital First Media will permit you to access and use the Platform, Content, and Services solely for lawful purposes and only in accordance with the Terms of Use and any other agreement you agree to with Digital First Media before being given access to any specific aspects of the Platform.
  * **Intellectual Property Rights:  **All information, data, and content displayed on, transmitted through or used in connection with Digital First Media sites, including, but not limited to, news articles, reviews, directories, guides, text, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips, video, html, source and object code, trademarks, logos and the like, as well as its selection and arrangement (together, the “Content”), is owned by Digital First Media and its affiliated companies or the third party credited as the owner of the Content. All Content is provided for informational purposes only and you are solely responsible for verifying the accuracy, completeness, and applicability of all Content and for your use of any Content. You may use the Content online only, and solely for your personal, non-commercial use. If you operate a web site and wish to link to any of the sites owned and operated by Digital First Media, you may do so provided you agree to cease such link upon request from Digital First Media and that you do not state or imply any sponsorship of your site by Digital First Media (for example, by using our stylized trademark or logo). No other use is permitted without prior written permission of Digital First Media. The permitted use described in this paragraph is contingent on your compliance at all times with the Terms of Use.You may not, for example, republish any portion of the Content on any internet, intranet or extranet site or incorporate the Content in any database, compilation, archive or cache. You may not distribute any Content to others, whether or not for payment or other consideration, and you may not modify, copy, frame, cache, reproduce, sell, publish, transmit, display or otherwise use any portion of the Content. You may not scrape or otherwise copy our Content without written permission. You agree not to decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through the Platform, or insert any code or product or manipulate the Content of Digital First Media or the Platform in any way that affects the user’s experience, and not to use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method.In certain cases, you may be able to obtain a license to use individual stories that appear on the Platform or affiliated Platform through online functionality we have specifically designated. For example, email a story to a friend or purchase a photograph.Digital First Media and its licensors retain all right, title, and interest, including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights, proprietary rights, rights of publicity, rights of privacy, and any and all other legal rights protecting data, information, or intangible property throughout the world, including, without limitation, any and all copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, patent rights, moral rights, sui generis rights in databases, and contract rights (“IPR”), in and to the Technology, Content, and any additions, improvements, updates, and modifications thereto. You receive no ownership interest in or to the Technology and you are not granted any right or license to use the Technology itself, apart from your ability to access the Platform, Content, and Services under the Terms of Use.
  * **Copyright Complaints:  **Digital First Media respects the intellectual property of others and holds no claim to copyrights of Content that is owned by a third party or is in the public domain. If you believe your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement or you are aware of any infringing material on Digital First Media’s Platform, please provide to Digital First Media’s Copyright and Intellectual Property Agent the following information: 
    *       * an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
      * a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property interest that is the subject of your claim;
      * a description of where the material is located on the Platform;
      * your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
      * a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that access to the relevant material through the Platform is inappropriate; and
      * a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or other intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or other intellectual property owner’s behalf.

You may notify our designated Copyright and Intellectual Property Agent by email to copyright@digitalfirstmedia.com.

  * **Technology:  **The Platform, Content, Services, and the databases, software, hardware, and other technology used by or on behalf of Digital First Media to operate the Platform, and the structure, organization, and underlying data, information and software code thereof (collectively, the “Technology”), constitute valuable trade secrets of Digital First Media. You will not, and will not permit any third party to: (a) access or attempt to access the Technology except as expressly provided in the Terms of Use; (b) use the Technology in any unlawful manner or in any other manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Technology; (c) use automated scripts to collect information from or otherwise interact with the Technology; (d) alter, modify, reproduce, or create derivative works of the Technology; (e) distribute, sell, resell, lend, loan, lease, license, sublicense, or transfer any of your rights to access or use the Technology or otherwise make the Technology available to any third party; (f) reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, or otherwise attempt to derive the method of operation of the Technology; (g) attempt to circumvent or overcome any technological protection measures intended to restrict access to any portion of the Technology; (h) monitor the availability, performance, or functionality of the Technology; or (i) interfere with the operation or hosting of the Technology.
  * **E-Commerce and Transactions on our Platform:  **Digital First Media may allow you to engage in a transaction involving the purchase of a product or service such as a newspaper subscription, a print or online advertisement, a print of a photograph, a photograph product or other tangible goods and services. To serve you most efficiently, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are often handled by a third party. These third parties may have separate privacy and data collection practices, so please be sure to read these as well. If you’re concerned about online credit card safety, in most cases a telephone number will be provided so that you can call to place your order by phone. Digital First Media cannot take responsibility for the success or security of transactions undertaken or processed by third parties. Digital First Media is not responsible for the quality, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or any other aspect of these third-party products and services. You agree to release Digital First Media and its affiliates from any damages that you incur, and agree not to assert any claims against them, arising from your purchase or use of any products or services made available by third parties through Digital First Media.
  * **Links to Third Party Sites:  **Links to or from other Internet sites may be included at times as a convenience to the user. These sites have not necessarily been reviewed by Digital First Media and are maintained by third parties over which Digital First Media exercises no control. Please note that these links do not imply an endorsement of any third party, web site, or products or services provided by any third party, and Digital First Media takes no responsibility for them.
  * **Access to Third Party Services:  **In addition to the Terms of Use, your access to and use of any services maintained by third parties over which Digital First Media exercises no control (“Third Party Services”). Third Party Services are also subject to any other agreement you may agree to before being given access to the Third Party Services (each, a “Third Party Service Agreement”). The terms of any Third Party Service Agreement (which may include payment of additional fees) will apply to the applicable Third Party Services provided under that Third Party Service Agreement in addition to the terms of this Agreement, but will not apply to any other Services you may access through Digital First Media. Accordingly, Digital First Media expressly disclaims any responsibility for the content, the accuracy of the information, the quality of products or services provided by or advertised on, and / or software downloaded from Third Party Services. Moreover, these links do not imply an endorsement of any third party, web site, or products or services provided by any third party, and Digital First Media takes no responsibility for them.
  * **App Store:  **The Application may be obtained through a third party distribution platform (e.g., the Apple App Store or Google Play App Store) (the “App Store”) and is to be used solely on a mobile device owned or controlled by you that operates such third party’s operating system. The Terms of Use incorporates by reference the terms available at the respective App Store from which you have obtained the Application. You agree that the Terms of Use is between you and Digital First Media, and not with the App Store. The App Store is not responsible for the Application, maintenance and support services or any warranty thereof, or addressing any claims related thereto. You agree to pay all fees charged by the App Store in connection with the Application (if any). The Application may also be subject to additional terms and conditions and privacy policies, and Digital First Media is not a party to nor responsible for those additional terms.
  * **Representations and Warranties:  **Each party hereby represents and warrants to the other party that: (a) it has the legal right and authority to enter into the Terms of Use; (b) the Terms of Use form a binding legal obligation on behalf of such party; and (c) it has the legal right and authority to perform its obligations under the Terms of Use and to grant the rights and licenses described in the Terms of Use.  
You acknowledge that the Platform is a general purpose online service and is not specifically designed to facilitate compliance with any specific law. You represent and warrant to Digital First Media that your use of and access to the Platform, including any Content or Services, will comply with all applicable laws, rules, or regulations (“Laws”) and will not cause Digital First Media itself or any other third party to violate any applicable Laws. Digital First Media is not responsible for notifying you of any such Laws, enabling your compliance with any such Laws, or for your failure to comply. You agree that you will not use the Platform to transmit any false, inaccurate, or misleading information; upload any viruses or malicious code; engage in behavior that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, threatening, or harassing; solicit login information, access protected data or intercept personal information belonging to someone else; or use the Platform or its Content in connection with unsolicited commercial messages.
  * **Indemnification:  **You hereby agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Digital First Media and its officers, directors, shareholders, affiliates, employees, agents, service providers, contractors, assigns, users, customers, providers, licensees, and successors in interest (“Indemnified Parties”) from any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, fees, expenses, and costs (including attorneys’ fees, court costs, damage awards, and settlement amounts) that result from any claim or allegation (“Claim”) against any Indemnified Party arising in any manner from: (a) your access to or use of the Platform, or any Content or Services; (b) your collection and disclosure of any Content or Services; (c) your violation of any applicable Laws; or (d) your breach of any representation, warranty, or other provision of the Terms of Use. Digital First Media will use reasonable efforts to provide you with notice of any such claim or allegation, and Digital First Media will have the right to participate in the defense of any such claim at its expense.
  * **Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability:  **THE PLATFORM, TECHNOLOGY, AND CONTENT OF THE PLATFORM, INCLUDING ANY SOFTWARE, IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, DIGITAL FIRST MEDIA, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, AND THEIR AGENTS AND ALL PREDECESSORS, SUCCESSORS, AND ASSIGNS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO THE TECHNOLOGY, PLATFORM, OR ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE PLATFORM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY IPR, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, SYSTEM INTEGRATION, OR DATA ACCURACY. DIGITAL FIRST MEDIA, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES DO NOT WARRANT OR REPRESENT THAT THE TECHNOLOGY, PLATFORM, ANY CONTENT OF THE PLATFORM (INCLUDING ANY SOFTWARE), OR ANY DATA ON THE PLATFORM IS ACCURATE, ERROR-FREE, COMPLETE, OR CURRENT, THAT USE OF SUCH CONTENT OR DATA WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE PLATFORM, ITS CONTENT OR DATA, AND THE SERVERS ON WHICH THE PLATFORM AND CONTENT ARE AVAILABLE, ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. MOREOVER, DIGITAL FIRST MEDIA AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ANY OBLIGATION TO MAINTAIN THE PLATFORM OR KEEP IT OPERATIONAL. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, SO THESE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU IN WHOLE OR IN PART. YOU ASSUME THE SOLE RISK OF MAKING USE OF THE PLATFORM AND THE CONTENT IT PROVIDES.  
ALL SERVICES ARE PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY, AND ARE NOT INTENDED FOR TRADING OR INVESTING PURPOSES, OR FOR COMMERCIAL USE. STOCK AND MUTUAL FUND QUOTES, AND RELATED FINANCIAL NEWS STORIES MAY BE DELAYED AT LEAST 20 MINUTES, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY THE STOCK EXCHANGES AND/OR THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION SERVICES. THE SITE SHOULD NOT BE USED IN ANY HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES WHERE DAMAGE OR INJURY TO PERSONS, PROPERTY, ENVIRONMENT, FINANCES OR BUSINESS MAY RESULT IF AN ERROR OCCURS. YOU EXPRESSLY ASSUME ALL RISK FOR SUCH USE.



IN NO EVENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL DIGITAL FIRST MEDIA, ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES, INCLUDING ALL PREDECESSORS, SUCCESSORS, AND ASSIGNS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RELATED TO UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA, THE CONTENT OR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR THOSE THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, OR THIRD PARTY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE PLATFORM. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT DIGITAL FIRST MEDIA AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER. DIGITAL FIRST MEDIA’S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE TERMS OF USE AND ALL CONTENT AND SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF USE OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED $10. YOU AGREE THAT DIGITAL FIRST MEDIA WOULD NOT ENTER INTO THE TERMS OF USE WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS ON ITS LIABILITY. IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES IS NOT PERMITTED, DIGITAL FIRST MEDIA’S LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

  * **Use of Company Directories:  **The information contained in the Company Directories is provided for business lookup purposes and is not to be used for marketing or telemarketing applications. This information may not be copied or redistributed and is provided “AS IS” without warranty of any kind. In no event will Digital First Media or its suppliers be liable in any way with regard to such Information.
  * **Dispute:  **Except as otherwise provided below, the parties will attempt to resolve all disputes, controversies, or claims arising under, out of, or relating to the Terms of Use, including the formation, validity, binding effect, interpretation, performance, breach or termination, of the Terms of Use and the arbitrability of the issues submitted to arbitration hereunder and non-contractual claims relating to the Terms of Use (each, a “Dispute”), in accordance with the procedures set forth in this section. If any Dispute cannot be resolved through negotiations between the parties within five days of notice from one party to the other of the Dispute, such Dispute will be finally settled through binding arbitration under the arbitration of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) then in effect (the “Rules”). Either party may commence the arbitration by delivering a request for arbitration as specified in the Rules. The arbitration will be conducted before a sole neutral arbitrator selected by agreement of the parties. If the parties cannot agree on the appointment of a single arbitrator within 30 days (the “Initial Period”) after either party delivers a request for arbitration, a neutral arbitrator will be selected as provided in the Rules. The arbitration will be conducted exclusively in the English language at a site specified by Digital First Media in the County of New York, New York. The award of the arbitrator will be the exclusive remedy of the parties for all claims, counterclaims, issues or accountings presented or pled to the arbitrator. The award of the arbitrator will require payment of the costs, fees, and expenses incurred by the prevailing party in any such arbitration by the non-prevailing party. Judgment upon the award may be entered in any court or governmental body having jurisdiction thereof. Any additional costs, fees, or expenses incurred in enforcing the award may be charged against the party that resists its enforcement.
  * **Choice of Law and Venue:  **The Terms of Use and the relationship between you and Digital First Media shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Subject to section 15, you and Digital First Media agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the County of New York, New York.
  * **Data Privacy:  **You expressly consent to the use and disclosure of your personal information and other data and information as described in the Policy. Notwithstanding anything in the Policy, Digital First Media will have the right to collect, extract, compile, synthesize, and analyze non-personal information (data or information that does not identify an entity or natural person as the source thereof) resulting from your access to and use of the Platform, Services, or Content. To the extent any such non-personal information is collected or generated by Digital First Media, the data and information will be solely owned by Digital First Media and may be used by Digital First Media, or its permitted service providers, for any lawful business purpose without a duty of accounting to you, provided that the data and information is used only in an aggregated form, without directly identifying you or any other entity or natural person as the source thereof. “non-personal information” refers to information that may not be itself be reasonably associated with, linked to, or used to identify you.
  * **Feedback and Submissions:  **If you provide Digital First Media any feedback or suggestions regarding the Platform, or any Content or Services (“Feedback”), you assign to Digital First Media all rights in the Feedback and agree that Digital First Media shall have the right to use such Feedback and related information in any manner it deems appropriate without a duty of accounting to you. If you provide Digital First Media with any creative materials, story ideas, questions or answers suggestions, designs, transcripts, or other submissions (“Submissions”), you agree not to assert any ownership right of any kind in the Submission (including, but not limited to copyright, trademark, unfair competition, moral or privacy rights, or implied contract) and you waive the right to receive any financial or other consideration in connection with such Submission including, but not limited to, credit or attribution. Digital First Media will treat any Feedback or Submissions you provide to Digital First Media as non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that you will not submit to Digital First Media any Feedback or Submissions that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.
  * **Suspension and Termination:  **Without limiting Digital First Media’s right to terminate the Terms of Use, Digital First Media may also suspend your access to the Platform or any Content or Services, with or without notice to you, upon any actual, threatened, or suspected breach of the Terms of Use or applicable Law or upon any other conduct deemed by Digital First Media, in its sole discretion, to be inappropriate or detrimental to the Platform, Services, Digital First Media, or any other Members, or third party.  
Digital First Media reserves the right in its sole discretion to terminate or restrict your use of the Platform, or any part of the Platform, without notice, for any or no reason, and without liability to you or any third party. Except as otherwise stated in the Terms of Use, upon termination or expiration of the Terms of Use for any reason: (a) all rights granted to you under the Terms of Use will terminate; and (b) you will immediately cease all use of and access to the Platform, and all Content and Services (including, without limitation, all Content you obtained prior to termination). All sections that by their nature are intended to survive termination or expiration of the Terms of Use will survive.
  * **Miscellaneous:  **Unless you later enter into any other agreements with Digital First Media regarding the Platform, Content, or Services, the Terms of Use is the complete and exclusive agreement between you and Digital First Media regarding your access to and use of the Platform, Content, and Services. This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Digital First Media and you with respect to the subject matter contained in this agreement and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals and communications, written and oral. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use specific services on the Platform, or the products or services of a third party that are provided through the Platform. Except as expressly set forth in the Terms of Use, the Terms of Use may be amended or modified only by a writing signed by both parties. All waivers by Digital First Media under the Terms of Use must be in writing or later acknowledged by Digital First Media in writing. Any waiver or failure by Digital First Media to enforce any provision of the Terms of Use on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver by Digital First Media of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion. If any provision of the Terms of Use is held to be unenforceable, that provision will be removed to the extent necessary to comply with the law, replaced by a provision that most closely approximates the original intent and economic effect of the original to the extent consistent with the law, and the remaining provisions will remain in full force. The prevailing party in any lawsuit or proceeding arising from or related to the Terms of Use will be entitled to receive its costs, expert witness fees, and reasonable attorneys’ fees, including costs and fees on appeal. Neither the Terms of Use nor any rights or obligations of you hereunder may be assigned or transferred by you (in whole or in part and including by sale, merger, consolidation, or other operation of law) without the prior written approval of Digital First Media. Any assignment in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. Digital First Media may assign the Terms of Use to any party that assumes Digital First Media’s obligations hereunder. The parties hereto are independent parties, not agents, employees or employers of the other or joint venturers, and neither acquires hereunder any right or ability to bind or enter into any obligation on behalf of the other. Any reference herein to “including” will mean “including, without limitation.” 


