> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the silversingles.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-10-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131017045816id_/http%3A//www.silversingles.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SilverSingles.com - Privacy Policy; - Oct 16, 2013

SilverSingles.com is owned and operated by Spark Networks USA, LLC (the "Company").

The Company has created this privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") as part of our commitment to helping our users better understand what information we collect about them and what we may do with that information. 

The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Company's websites (the "Websites"). 

**Overview**  
As part of the normal operation of our services we collect and, in some cases, may disclose information about you. By accepting this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the Company's Terms and Conditions. 

1\. **A Special Note About Children**  
Children are not eligible to use our services, and we ask that minors (under the age of 18) not submit any personal information to us. 

2\. **Information We Collect**  
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features and to customize our service to make your experience better. You agree that we may feature members' profiles, including your profile, in, among other places, editorials and newsletters that we may periodically send out to our members. Your name, postal address, telephone number and email address are confidential and will not be posted in your profile. Your profile is available for other members to view. Members' profiles include a description, photos, likes and dislikes, individual essays, and other information helpful in determining matches. Your viewable profile does not include any identifying information about you, except the username you chose upon registering. 

Please note that your personally identifiable information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States. The laws regarding the handling of personal data in the United States may differ from the laws of other countries but, as we explain below, the Company will hold and transmit your information in a safe, confidential and secure environment. 

We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of our Websites. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing customized services. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie." Cookies can also help us provide information which is targeted to your interests. We use this information to determine our members' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand and serve you and our community. This information may include the URL of the website that you visited prior to our Website (whether this is on our site or not), the URL of the website you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. Most cookies are "session cookies", meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits. 

We use a third party advertising company to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. That advertising company may also collect anonymous information about your visits to our Websites. This is primarily accomplished through the use of a technology device, commonly referred to as a Web beacon, cookie or an action tag, which is placed on various Web pages within our Websites or in an HTML e-mail that allows the third party advertising company to collect anonymous information. There may also be a number of services offered by external service providers that help you use our Websites. If you choose to use these optional services, and in the course of doing so, disclose information to the external service providers, and/or grant them permission to collect information about you, then their use of your information is governed by their private policies, if any. 

Some of the third party advertisers that we use have their own privacy policies and may allow you to opt out of having your information collected as discussed above. The privacy policies of third party advertisers that we may be using during your use of our services can be found at the following URL(s):  
<http://www.247realmedia.com/privacy.html>,  
<http://www.valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml>,  
<http://www.advertising.com/privacy>,  
<http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>,  
<http://www.fetchback.com/optout.html>

3\. **Our Use of Your Information**  
We use information in the files we maintain about you, and the other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Websites to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms and Conditions. At times, we may review the data of multiple members to identify problems or resolve disputes. 

You agree that we may use personally identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze Website usage, improve our content and product offerings, and customize our Websites' content, layout, and services. These uses improve our Websites and may better tailor them to meet your needs. 

You agree that we may use your information to contact you and to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Websites. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. 

You may use the following options for removing your information from our e-mail database if you wish to opt out of receiving promotional e-mails and newsletters. 

  1. Click on the "Unsubscribe" or “Update Your Email Preferences” link at the bottom of the e-mail;
  2. Send mail to the following postal address letting us know which promotional e-mails you wish to opt-out of:  
Spark Networks USA, LLC  
11150 Santa Monica Blvd., Suite 600  
Los Angeles, CA 90025
  3. Visit the Help section of the Websites or send us an email at [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/web/20131017045816id_/http%3A//www.silversingles.com/contact.html).; or
  4. Go to the e-mail preferences page from your account home page, and update your email settings there.



4\. **Our Disclosure of Your Information**  
Due to the regulatory environment in which we operate, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting any of the foregoing), we may be required to disclose information to the government, law enforcement agencies or third parties. Under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or members may abuse or misuse your information that they collect from our Websites. Accordingly, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will always remain private. 

As a matter of policy, we **do not** sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personally identifiable information may be used or disclosed. 

**Financial Information.** Under some circumstances we may require certain additional information, including but not limited to your credit card billing information. We use this financial information, including your name, address, and other information to bill you for use of our Services and products. By making a purchase, or engaging in any other kind of activity or transaction that uses financial information on the Websites, you consent to our providing of your financial information to our service providers and to such third parties as we determine necessary to support and process your activities and transactions, as well as to your credit card issuer for their purposes. These third parties may include the credit card companies and banking institutions used to process and support your transaction or activity. By purchasing, or registering for, or making reservations for products or services of third parties offered on the Websites, or by participating in programs offered on the Websites that are administered by third parties and that require you to submit financial information in order to use them, you also consent to our providing your financial information to those third parties. Any of these various third parties may be authorized to use your financial information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with such third parties and in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which we have no control, and you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions. Additionally, you agree that we may use and disclose all information submitted to such third parties in the same manner in which we are entitled to use and disclose any other information that you submit to us. 

**Advertisers.** We aggregate (gather up data across multiple members' accounts) personally identifiable information and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to identify you personally. Certain information, such as your name, email address, password, credit card number and bank account number, are never disclosed to marketing advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. 

Other Corporate Entities. We share much of our data, including personally identifiable information about you, with our parent and/or subsidiaries that are committed to serving your online needs and related services, throughout the world. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other members. Our parent and/or subsidiaries will follow privacy practices no less protective of all members than our practices described in this document, to the extent allowed by applicable law. It is possible that the Company and/or its subsidiaries, or any combination of such, could merge with or be acquired by another business entity. Should such a combination occur, you should expect that the Company would share some or all of your information in order to continue to provide the Service. You will receive notice of such event (to the extent it occurs) and we will require that the new combined entity follow the practices disclosed in this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. 

**Legal Requests.** The Company cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement and other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with any investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability. 

**Surveys and Contests.** From time-to-time we may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, and age). Contact and other information collected for contests will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information collected will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. 

5\. **Your Use of Other Members' Information**  
Our services also include access to instant messaging and chat rooms. As a member you have access to members' identification numbers and/or user names, and you might gain access to other contact information of other members through the regular use of the Services. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you agree that, with respect to other members' personally identifiable information that you obtain through the Services, the Company hereby grants to you a license to use such information only for: (a) Company related communications that are not unsolicited commercial messages, and (b) any other purpose to which such member expressly agrees after complete disclosure of the purpose. In all cases, you must give members an opportunity to remove themselves from your database. In addition, under no circumstances, except as defined in this Privacy Policy, may you disclose personally identifiable information about another member to any third party without our consent and the consent of such other member after adequate disclosure. The Company and our members do not tolerate spam. Therefore, without limiting the foregoing, you are not licensed to add a Company member to your mail list (email or physical mail) without their express consent after adequate disclosure. To report spam from other of the Company's members, please [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/web/20131017045816id_/http%3A//www.silversingles.com/contact.html). 

6\. **Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Profile**  
Following registration, you can review and change the information you submitted during registration. For instructions on how to do so, visit the Help section of the Websites. If you change your password and email address we will retain a record of your old password and email address. You can also change your registration information such as: name, address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, profile, likes and dislikes, desired date profile, essays and saved search criteria. 

Upon your notification, we will remove your membership from our active databases as soon as reasonably possible in accordance with our policy and applicable law. To learn how to hide or remove your profile so that others cannot view it, visit the Help section of the Websites. 

We will retain in our files information you have requested be removed from our active databases for certain purposes, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our terms and conditions. Further, such prior information may never be completely removed from our databases due to technical and legal constraints, including stored 'back up' systems. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be completely removed from our databases in response to any request you may submit. 

7\. **Control of Your Password**  
You are responsible for all actions taken with your login information and password, including fees. Therefore we do not recommend that you disclose your Company password or login information to any third party. If you choose to share this information with any third party, you are responsible for all actions taken with your login information and password, and therefore should review each third party's privacy policy. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised in any way, you should immediately change your password. 

8\. **Other Information Collectors**  
Except as otherwise expressly described in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, whether they are on our Websites or on other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. To the extent that we use third party advertisers, they adhere to their own privacy policies. Since the Company does not control the privacy policies of any third parties, you should investigate their policies before you disclose your personal information to them. 

9\. **Security**  
The Company uses industry standard practices, including "firewalls" and Secure Socket Layers, to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information. The Company treats data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by others inside and outside the company. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet. 

10\. **Notice**  
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time based on changes in the law, your comments, or our need to accurately reflect our data collection and disclosure practices. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending you a notice via email or by placing a prominent notice on our Website. 
