> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the silversea.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151206035533id_/http%3A//www.silversea.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy. Silversea Cruises

  1. [Home](http://www.silversea.com/)
  2. Privacy Policy



### **Overview**

As a company dedicated to serving the needs of discriminating travellers, Silversea Cruises Ltd. has a long-established tradition of preserving the privacy of their guests.

The following privacy policy applies only to Silversea's online information collection and use practices regarding any personal information that you provide. Please take a moment to review Silversea’s privacy statement and should you have any questions or concerns, please contact Silversea by filling out the form located **[here](https://web.archive.org/?page_id=93809 "Send an Email")**.

From time to time, Silversea Cruises may need to make enhancements or changes to their privacy practices. This may happen, for example, as the result of government regulation, new technologies, developments in the area of privacy protection, or changes in marketing strategy. Any updates to the privacy policy will be clearly posted at the Silversea website, will be emailed to you, and will follow all legal requirements for changing privacy policies. Please check back periodically to learn more about how Silversea Cruises is adhering to best practices in safeguarding your privacy.

You can generally use the Silversea website without providing your personal information. However, when you order brochures from Silversea, plan or purchase a Silversea cruises, register for a Silversea travel industry programme or otherwise request information or services on the Silversea website, you may be asked for information needed to provide you with the products and services requested. This personal, identifying information can include your name, company or travel agency, postal address, email address, and phone number.

Silversea may also ask for other information about you and your interests through forms, surveys, contests or other means. Your participation in these activities is always voluntary. If you do not want to provide this information, please do not participate in these optional activities. This supplemental information allows Silversea to make you aware of products, services and events that may be of interest to you.

Silversea may send you emails about products and services, or about the products and services of other parties that might interest you. Silversea may also provide your email address to other parties so that they can send you emails. If you wish to unsubscribe from emails sent by Silversea, you may do so at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link that appears in all messages.

Silversea Cruises utilises the services of a reputable third party company for the transmission of email messages. Silversea shares personal and non-personal information with their email transmission company for the purpose of targeting future campaigns, upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics, and for other reasons relating to website administration. For this purpose, Silversea and their email transmission company use pixel tags (also called clear gifs) to note your interaction with email messages and to record the pages you visit on the Silversea website. This information allows Silversea to provide information that is tailored to your needs and interests.

The Silversea website contains the option to provide contact information for others who you believe might be interested in receiving emails from Silversea.  Should you choose to provide contact information for others, the provisions in this Privacy Policy regarding safeguarding of your contact information shall apply to contact information of others that you provide.

We do not sell your information to third parties but we may share your information with our affiliated companies or with third parties. We will reveal personal information to unaffiliated third parties only if: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you; (3) the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our Legal Notices or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection etc.); (4) the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets); (5) the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, processing orders, sending emails about our products or services, etc.) or with whom we may have cooperative or joint marketing arrangements; or (6) to others as described in this Privacy Policy. We may also gather aggregated data about you and disclose such aggregated (but not personally identifiable) information to third parties for promotional or other purposes. If you prefer, you can choose that your information not be shared with our business partners or used for marketing purposes by contacting the Privacy Policy Coordinator listed below.

There are sections of the Silversea website that are not open to the general public and are restricted to Silversea’s past guests and business partners, such as travel professionals. If you are eligible for access to these sections of the Silversea website, you will need to enter your membership number (past guests) or password (Travel Professionals) to gain access. As a further security precaution, you may be asked to provide a password when you register or subscribe to a Silversea email newsletters. You may be asked to provide this password to access your personal information via the Silversea website. You have the option of having your password emailed to you if you have forgotten or misplaced it. To obtain a copy of your password, please click on the appropriate link below.

A cookie is a small data file that is sent to your computer from a website and is stored on your computer’s hard drive. Silversea may use cookies to help recognise you when you come back to their website. Cookies may also be used to help Silversea track traffic on their website. Cookies allow Silversea to offer services personalised to your interests and to better the Silversea website by showing which sections of the website are the most popular. See the Profiling section below for a discussion on how this information might be used. You can set your web browser to refuse cookies, but your ease of use of the Silversea website will be significantly reduced if you do so.

Silversea Cruises also collects IP addresses of those browsing their website as a way of tracking website usage. See the Profiling section below for a discussion on how this information might be used.

To help Silversea improve their website and to ensure that every effort is made to provide you with information and offers that are of interest to you, your personally identifiable information may be merged with click-stream data and other non-personal tracking data that Silversea maintains. Also, a non-identifiable profile may be maintained on you based on the pages that you visit within the Silversea website.

At various times, Silversea may offer promotions, contests or sweepstakes on our website.  Should you choose to participate, Silversea may collect personal, identifying information including your name, company or travel agency, postal address, email address, and phone number.  The information collected may be used to conduct the promotion and for other business purposes which may include marketing and may be shared with our affiliated companies or with third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  Participation is subject to the Official Rules governing that specific promotion.

Silversea may, from time to time, provide offers to travellers on its website.  Should you wish to opt out of any of these offers, you may do so by unchecking the box indicating your acceptance of such offers,

This website is not intended for children under the age of 13 and Silversea does not intentionally collect personal data from children under 13.  By providing information about children under the age of 13, you agree you are the child’s parent, legal guardian or parentally authorized adult.

The Transportation Security Administration requires you to provide your full name, date of birth and gender pursuant to 49 U.S.C. Section 114, the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004, and 49 C.F.R. Sections 1540 and 1560 for all commercial air travel within, into or out of the United States.  If applicable, you may also provide your Redress Number.  If you book commercial air travel within, into or out of the United States in conjunction with your Silversea cruise, we will request this information from you and forward it to the Transportation Security Administration, as required by law.  Failure to provide the required information may result in denial of transport or denial of authority to enter the boarding area.  The Transportation Security Administration may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its published systems of records notice.  For more information regarding this, please visit [www.tsa.gov](http://www.tsa.gov/).

Silversea’s website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that Silversea is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. Silversea encourages you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected when you visit the Silversea website.

You can update your personal information, such as your name, email address, postal address information, subscription information and personal preferences, at the Silversea website at any time. You may also view the information currently on file by clicking on the links below.  You may also request that we change or delete your personal information by contacting us at the address and number provided below.  We will act on your instructions as soon as possible.  However, please note changes or deletions of personal information may take several weeks to become effective.

Silversea keeps all personal information on a secure server that is accessible to designated employees of Silversea and their website agencies. Silversea has appropriate security measures in place in their physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that has been collected from you at the Silversea website.  Unfortunately, Silversea cannot guarantee that data transmitted over the Internet will always be secure.  As a result, while we endeavor to protect your personal information transmitted to us or from our online products and services, you do so at your own risk.  Once we receive your transmission, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our system.

Silversea Cruises Ltd.  
110 East Broward Boulevard  
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 USA

For more information, please contact Silversea by filling out the form located **[here](http://www.silversea.com/send-an-email/ "Send an Email").**
