> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ligatus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141202125405id_/http%3A//www.ligatus.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ligatus Privacy Policy

## Ligatus takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. We would like to inform you about the data we collect and how or when we use it.   


We have taken technical and organizational measures to ensure that the rules on data protection are observed by us and by external service providers. In the course of developing our website and implementing new technologies to improve our service to you, changes to this privacy policy may be necessary. Therefore, we recommend that you read this Privacy Policy from time to time. [Here you can find a separate privacy policy for Ligatus Retargeting](http://www.ligatus.com/en/privacy-policy/retargeting-privacy-policy.html).

### 1\. Personal Data

Personal data means any information that can be used to collect personal or factual information about you (such as name, address, telephone number, date of birth or e-mail address). Information that is not referred to you personally (or only with disproportionate efforts), for example pseudonymous or anonymous information, is not personal data.

### 2\. Personal Information which will be Collected and Used

In principle, you can use our online services without providing personal information. However, if you decide to request further information, we will ask for your name and other personal information. It is your decision whether you give us this information or not. However, without this information we can not offer you the desired services. According to the retrieval of desired information, data is stored on our servers in order to provide a service or for security purposes, which may allow identification (for example IP address, date, time and pages viewed). This information will be deleted, when no longer needed.

### 3\. Use of Cookies

We use "cookies" (small text files containing configuration information) according to the guidelines of the “Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbeträgern e. V. (IVW)”. The cookies are solely used to collect information about the frequency of use and the number of users of our website and to optimize the display of advertising messages (see also point 4. Google Analytics).

You can also use our website without cookies. The most browsers accept cookies automatically. You can deactivate the storage of cookies or set your browser to notify you before accepting the storage of cookies. We would like to inform you that users that do not accept the storage of cookies may not be able to access certain areas of our site.

### 4\. Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Your IP address will be truncated by Google within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to a Google server in the USA and is shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the site operator with more services related to the website and internet use.

Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the collection of personal information generated by the cookie and your use of the site (including your IP address) and the processing of these data by Google, by following the link below, downloading and installing the available browser plug-in: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.

### 5\. How we use your information

There is no personal evaluation. The statistical analysis of anonymous data records is reserved. It will be stored, e.g. in case of IP logs, for system security reasons (to prevent abuse), to improve the site and for statistical purposes (number of users and page views).  
Personal data are processed for billing and promotional purposes by us or by our partners (e.g. premiums orders). You will be notified separately for this process.

In addition, a processing and use of your data for other purposes takes place only after your explicit consent. Without your explicit consent, your data will not be used e.g. for marketing purposes. You will only receive advertising, if you have given your explicit consent. You can revoke this consent any time by sending an email to info@ligatus.com . In this case, if so, the service offered by Ligatus can no longer be offered. We do not create user profiles. General information is recorded, such as when each page was viewed at Ligatus or which page was visited most frequently.

### 6\. Further use of personal data (third parties)

Due to legal requirements, we are sometimes obliged to disclose your personal information to third parties. This is for example the case when the suspicion of a crime or misuse of our site exists. We are then obliged to disclose your data to law enforcement authorities. Otherwise, your information is stored in our database and on our servers or on those of our data processors, unless you were advised that the information would be given to other companies, like our cooperation or promotional partners, and you explicit agreed to a transfer of your data. You can recognize the websites that we maintain with our cooperation or promotional partners e.g. from the joint trademark of Ligatus and the cooperation or promotional partner on the website you click.

Sometimes you may enter personal information on sites which, although framed in Ligatus Look and Feel, have a content from a third party ("frame-to-frame"). In this case, you can directly provide your personal data to third parties without Ligatus influence or process of your personal data.

In addition, on our website there are hyperlinks to other websites. In these cases, you are redirected from our website directly to the website of another provider. That happens when the URL changes. If you have been forwarded by a so-called hyperlink to the website of a cooperation or promoting partner, the use of your data will be only subjected to the privacy policy of this company. We can not take over any responsibility for the privacy practices of third party´s websites, because we do have no control over their compliance with data protection regulations.

### 7\. Protection of minors

Persons under 18 years old should not give us any personal information without the consent of their parents or guardians. We do not demand personal information from children and adolescents. We consciously do not collect such information and do not disclose it to third parties.

### 8\. How we keep your information secure

When we collect information, we or our data processor keep your data on specially protected servers in Germany. Access is restricted to authorized persons who are involved in the technical, commercial or editorial support. In order to avoid loss or misuse of data stored by us we take all the necessary technical and operational safety precautions, which are regularly checked and updated. However, we would like to inform you that because of the constitution of the internet, the rules of data protection and the security measures mentioned above may not be observed by others, persons or institutions beyond our control. Especially unencrypted data – even sent via e-mail – can be read by third parties. We have no technical influence to avoid this. The user has the responsibility to protect the information he provides from misuse by encryption or other means.

Our website contains links to other websites. We do have no control over their compliance with data protection regulations.

### 9\. Contact

If you have comments or questions about our Privacy Policy or Privacy at our company, please contact our privacy officer.

**Data Privacy Officers**  
Dr. Karsten Kinast, LL.M., Attorney at Law (Germany)  
Stephan Krämer, LL.M., Attorney at Law (Germany)  
Kinast & Partner Rechtsanwälte  
[http://www.kinast-partner.de/](http://http//www.kinast-partner.de/)

Stand: February 2012
