> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the notifyvisitors.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160314223550id_/http%3A//www.notifyvisitors.com/site/policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - NotifyVisitors

  * NotifyVisitors.com ('NotifyVisitors', 'We', 'Our') is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring you have a positive experience on our website, [www.NotifyVisitors.com](http://www.notifyvisitors.com/) ("Website"). This policy outlines our personal information handling practices for both online and offline data. If you give us personal information, we will treat it according to this policy.
  * We encourage you to read this policy to ensure you understand NotifyVisitors's privacy practices.
  * We adhere to the following principles to protect your privacy: 
    * We do not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to third parties for any purposes, including marketing purposes.
    * We share your contact information with another User or third party upon your consent.
    * Any personally identifiable information that you provide will be secured with industry standard protocols and technology.
  * We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by means of a notice on our home page. By continuing to use the services on our Website after notice of changes have been published on the Website, you are consenting to the changes.
  * **CUSTOMER DATA: NotifyVisitors provides its Services as SaaS (Software as a Service Model, and will host data and information. NotifyVisitors will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such Customer Data except as provided in the Terms of Use Agreement, or as may be required by law. Individual records of Customer Data may be viewed or accessed only for the purpose of resolving a problem, support issues, or suspected violation of the Terms of Use Agreement, or as may be required by law. We would take all reasonable precautions for maintaining confidentiality of data.**
  * _We advise you that if you do not wish to have your information used or displayed as described in the privacy policy and Terms of Use Agreement, you should reconsider becoming an User of the Website and its Services. You willingly provide us certain personal information, which we collect in order to provide the Services. If you have any hesitation about providing such information to us and/or having such information displayed on the Website or otherwise used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement, you should not become a User / Member._
    1. **Personal Information collected:**
      * We collect your personal information in the following ways: 
        1. **Registration**
          * In order to become a User, you must first create an account on our Website. To create an account you are required to provide the following information, which you recognize and expressly acknowledge is personal information allowing others, including NotifyVisitors, to identify you: name, User ID, email address, country, ZIP/postal code, age, phone number, password chosen by you and valid financial account information. Other information requested on our Registration page, including the ability to receive promotional offers from NotifyVisitors, is optional. We may, in future, include other optional requests for information from you to help us to customize the Website to deliver personalized information to you. Without your agreement, we will not share, rent or sell any personal information with third parties in any way other than what is disclosed in this privacy statement.
        2. **Payment**
          * We may require our Users to pay with a wire transfer, cheque or cash with receipt. We will collect your financial institution information such as bank account numbers and will use that information for the billing and payment processes, including but not limited to the use and disclosure of such information to third parties as necessary to complete such billing operation.
        3. **Log files,** IP addresses and information about your computer 
          * Due to the communications standards on the Internet, when you visit the Website we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave. We also receive the Internet protocol (IP) address of your computer (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using, email patterns, as well as the name of your ISP. This information is used to analyze overall trends to help us improve our Service. The linkage between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is not shared with third-parties without your permission or except when required by law.
        4. **Cookies and Web Beacons**
          * Like most websites, NotifyVisitors uses cookies and web log files to track site usage. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing User preferences and tracking User trends. In the course of serving advertisements or optimizing services to our Users, we may allow authorized third parties to place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. NotifyVisitors does not store personally identifiable information in the cookies.
          * We allow other companies, to serve advertisements to Users. These companies include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms. NotifyVisitors may "target" some ads to Users that fit a certain general profile. NotifyVisitors does NOT use personally identifiable information to target ads.
        5. **Processing information** about you and modification of such information 
          * All the information you provide to NotifyVisitors, including sensitive personal information, is voluntary. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement, but please note that your withdrawal of consent will not be retroactive.
          * You can access, modify, correct and eliminate the data about you which has been collected pursuant to your decision to become a User. If you update any of your information, we may keep a copy of the information which you originally provided to us in our archives for uses documented herein. We take your rights seriously and encourage you to use them if you deem this to be appropriate. You may exercise these rights by emailing us at [info@tagNpin.com](mailto:info@tagNpin.com)
        6. **External links**
          * This Privacy Policy applies to web sites and services that are owned and operated by NotifyVisitors. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, for which NotifyVisitors is not responsible or liable. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of that website.
    2. **Uses of Personal Information**
      * Your personally identifiable information you choose to provide on our Website is used to help you describe / identify yourself. Other information, that does not personally identify you as an individual, is collected by NotifyVisitors from Users (such as, patterns of utilization described above) and is exclusively owned by NotifyVisitors. This information can be utilized by NotifyVisitors in such manner as NotifyVisitors, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. 
        1. **Communication and Update**
          * NotifyVisitors will communicate with you through email and notices posted on the Website or through other means available through the service, including text and other forms of messaging. You can change your e-mail and contact preferences at any time by logging into your "Account" at [www.NotifyVisitors.com](http://www.notifyvisitors.com/) and changing the account settings.
        2. **Surveys, Contests and Polls**
          * At times, NotifyVisitors conducts a User survey to collect information about our Users' preferences. These surveys are optional and if you choose to respond, your responses will be kept anonymous. Similarly, we may offer contests to qualifying Users in which we ask for contact and demographic information such as name, email address and mailing address. None of this information is shared with third parties, except in summary form, if at all. The demographic information that NotifyVisitors collects in the registration process and through surveys is used to help us improve our Services to meet the needs and preferences of our Users. This may include targeting advertising to you about our Services. Information we gather through a contest may also be disclosed to third parties, as necessary, for prize fulfillment and other aspects of any contest or similar offering.
        3. **Legal Disclaimer**
          * It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information when required by law, such as responses to civil or criminal subpoenas, or other requests by law enforcement personnel. We will disclose such information wherein we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to comply with a court order, ongoing judicial proceeding, subpoena, or other legal process or request to NotifyVisitors brought in any country throughout the world, or to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
        4. **Disclosures to others**
          * We may also disclose your personal and other information you provide, to another third party as part of a reorganization or a sale of the assets of a NotifyVisitors corporation division or company. Any third party to which we transfer or sell NotifyVisitors' assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us.
          * **Other uses:**
            * Providing our products and services to users, including the display of customized content and advertising;
            * Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services;
            * Ensuring the technical functioning of our network; and
            * Developing new services.
        5. **Sharing information with third parties**
          * To the extent necessary to provide you with the services on the Website, we may provide your Personal Information to third party contractors who work on behalf of or with NotifyVisitors to provide you with such services, to help us communicate with you or to maintain the Website. Generally these contractors do not have any independent right to share this information, however certain contractors who provide services on the Website, including the providers of online communications services, will have rights to use and disclose the Personal Information collected in connection with the provision of these services in accordance with their own privacy policies.
        6. **External links**
          * This Privacy Policy applies to web sites and services that are owned and operated by NotifyVisitors. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, for which NotifyVisitors is not responsible or liable. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of that website.
      * NotifyVisitors will communicate with you through email and notices posted on the Website or through other means available through the service, including text and other forms of messaging. You can change your e-mail and contact preferences at any time by logging into your "Account" at [www.NotifyVisitors.com](http://www.notifyvisitors.com/) and changing the account settings.
    3. **Your choice in managing your information**
      1. **Closing your account**
        * You can also close your account on the Website. On closure, we will remove your name and other personally identifiable information from our publicly viewable database. We may retain certain data contributed by you if we believe it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, non- personally identifiable data, account recovery, or if required by law. To request that we close your account and remove your information from the website, please send your request to [info@tagNpin.com](mailto:info@tagNpin.com). You will receive a response to your requests within five business days of its receipt.
      2. **Retrieval of information**
        * NotifyVisitors internally has a process on information security and your information being accessed only by those who are authorized. In situations where you accidentally delete your information and would like to retrieve, then this core team may access the stored database and recover the same. Please be aware that this team may have to go through your personal information in order to restore the information sought by you.
    4. **Users Obligations**
      1. You must, at all times, respect the terms and conditions of the then-current Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement. This includes respecting all intellectual property rights which may belong to third parties.
      2. You must not download or otherwise disseminate any information which may be deemed to be injurious, violent, offensive, racist or xenophobic or which may otherwise violate the purpose and Service.
      3. You must not provide information to NotifyVisitors and /or other Users which you believe might be injurious or detrimental to your person, professional or social status.
    5. **Children**
      * Children below 18 years are not eligible to use our service and we hereby request children below this age group not to submit any personal information to us or use the service.
    6. **Information Security**
      * We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
      * We restrict access to personal information to NotifyVisitors employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
    7. **Changes to this Privacy Policy**
      * NotifyVisitors may update this privacy policy at any time, with or without advance notice. In the event there are significant changes in the way we treat your personally identifiable information, we will display a notice on the website or send you an email, as provided for above. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
      * If you use the NotifyVisitors service after notice of changes have been sent to you or published on our site, you hereby provide your consent to the changed practices.


