> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the x264-bb.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111205183523id_/http%3A//www.x264-bb.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - x264-BB

Your right to privacy is very important. We recognize that when you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a responsible manner. We believe this information should only be used to help us provide you with better service. That’s why we have put a policy in place to protect your personal information. 

**Below is a summary of our policy.**

**What personal information do we collect?**  
In general, when you visit our websites and access information you remain anonymous. Before we ask you for information, we will explain how this information will be used. We will not provide any of your personal information to other companies or individuals without your permission. 

Some of our sites require registration to access, although typically all that’s requested is an e-mail address and some basic information about you. There are occasions where we will ask for additional information. We do this to be able to better understand your needs, and provide you with services that we believe may be valuable to you. Some examples of information our websites collect are name, email, home page address, and personal info. We give you the opportunity to elect not to receive materials from us. 

If you sign up for X264-BB.com’s electronic newsletter or e-mail list, each message will include instructions on how to “unsubscribe” from that list. 

**Protecting your privacy  
**We will take appropriate steps to protect your privacy. Whenever you provide sensitive information (for example, a credit card number to make a purchase), we will take reasonable steps to protect it, such as encrypting your card number. We will also take reasonable security measures to protect your personal information in storage. Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not retained for marketing purposes. 

We will not provide any of your personal information to other companies or individuals without your permission. Our websites provide links to other web sites. Since we do not control those websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these web sites. 

**Use of cookies**   
X264-BB.com websites may use cookies for various reasons. Cookies enable us to provide you with a better experience by allowing us to understand what areas of the website are of interest to our visitors. These cookies do not track individual information. X264-BB.com also uses cookies when you register for one of our web programs. In this situation, a cookie will store useful information that enables our website to remember you when you return to visit us. Cookies from X264-BB.com websites can only be read by X264-BB.com websites. If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still access most of our websites. 

**X264-BB.com content providers, advertisers and partners**  
However, X264-BB.com cannot control the practices of other partners and advertisers. If you have provided personal information to a party or advertiser connected with X264-BB.com and have not been informed by X264-BB.com as to its purpose, contact them directly by going to their home page and looking for a company profile or information area. 

It is important to note that X264-BB.com contains many links to sites other than X264-BB.com, and that those sites may not follow the same privacy policies as X264-BB.com. For instance, if you click an ad or a search result on X264-BB.com, this will take you away from X264-BB.com and to an entirely different site. This includes links from advertisers, content providers and partners who may use X264-BB.com’s logo and/or style as part of a co-branding agreement. These sites may send their own cookies to you, and as a result, may collect data and ask for personal information that X264-BB.com would not. 

**Kids and privacy**  
X264-BB.com requests that children under 18 do not submit or post any information to the site without a parent’s or guardian’s consent. However, we will not request or knowingly collect from a child any information online that can be traced to the child, such as an e-mail address, name, or information about the child’s family. Unless a parent or guardian consents to such use in advance, X264-BB.com will not knowingly use information that a child provides to X264-BB.com for any marketing, selling or promotional purposes. 

**Changes to policy**  
X264-BB.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying guests of the existence of a revised privacy policy. 
