> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yeties.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171213175544id_/http%3A//www.yeties.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Protecting your privacy is important to [Yeties Open Directory](http://www.yeties.com/).

This Privacy Policy explains how Yeties Open Directory collects, uses, and discloses the personal information you may provide while using Yeties Open Directory (the "Website") and the services provided through the Website. It is always your choice whether or not to provide personal information through the Website. Any personal information you provide will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**Your Consent**

1\. By using or submitting information to this Website, you consent to Yeties Open Directory's collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use or submit personal information to the Website.

**Information Automatically Collected**

_2\. Non-Personal Information_ \- As is typical with many other Internet sites, the Website automatically collects certain non-personal information regarding users, such as the date and time you access the Website, your IP address, the URL from which you linked to the Website, the web browser you are using, the Website pages read and images viewed, and any content you post to the Website. This non-personal information is used for Website and system administration purposes. Non-personal information may be disclosed to third-parties and permanently archived for future use.

_3\. Cookies_ \- The Website uses "cookies," a technology that stores a small amount of information on a user's computer to permit the Website to recognize future visits using that computer. Cookies enhance the convenience and use of the Website. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the Website (so you do not have to enter your personal information every time), offer personalized content and information for your use and otherwise facilitate your Website experience.

Some of the banner ads displayed in the Website are provided by outside companies. These ads contain cookies. While Yeties.com uses cookies in other parts of the Website, cookies received with banner ads are collected by Yeties Open Directory's advertisers and Yeties Open Directory does not have access to this information. Yeties Open Directory may engage third parties to provide cookies that collect information regarding Website use. You may choose to decline cookies generally if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your use of the Website and your ability to access certain features of the Website.

**Personal Information You Specifically Provide**

_4\. Your Personal Information_ \- During your use of the Website, you may be asked to voluntarily provide personal information (such as your name, e-mail address, and address) for communications with you. If you choose not to provide certain requested personal information, you may not be able to use certain features of the Website.

_5\. Use of Your Personal Information_ \- Yeties Open Directory may use your personal information to contact and correspond with you, respond to your communications, provide services to you, facilitate and enhance your use of the Website, and as otherwise permitted by law. Additionally, Yeties Open Directory[ ](http://www.yeties.com/)may keep a record of all communications with you.

Yeties uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit its Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your search queries and visits to the Website and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp).

You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose information online (whether through Yeties Open Directory's services or any other service available online), personal or otherwise, that information can be collected and used by others. For example, if you use forums or if you post personal information online, you may receive unsolicited messages from others. Yeties Open Directory has no control over this use of your personal information.

_6\. E-mails from Yeties Open Directory_ \- If you register as a Yeties Open Directory member, then Yeties Open Directory may send to you, from time to time, e-mail or other communications containing information about Yeties Open Directory and other matters that Yeties Open Directory believes will interest you. At any time you may ask Yeties Open Directory to stop sending you e-mail by sending your request using the [Yeties Open Directory contact form](http://www.yeties.com/contact-us.html). Also, each e-mail Yeties Open Directory sends to you will tell you how to decline further unsolicited e-mail.

_7\. Disclosure of Your Personal Information_ \- Yeties Open Directory may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances and as otherwise permitted by applicable law:  
_a. Disclosure to Authorizing Persons_ \- If you use the Website on behalf of another person or organization (such as your employer), Yeties Open Directory may provide your personal information to that authorizing person/organization. Yeties Open Directory has no control over the use of your personal information by the authorizing person/organization, and that use is not subject to this Privacy Policy.  
_b. Disclosure to Yeties Open Directory Business Associates_ \- Yeties Open Directory may provide your personal information to its affiliated businesses, advertisers, or suppliers and service providers for use in connection with the operation of the Website. Yeties Open Directory may also disclose your personal information to service providers who analyze website use. Yeties Open Directory requires its affiliated businesses, advertisers, suppliers and service providers to agree to use your personal information only for the purposes for which it is provided to them, and to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.  
_c. Disclosure in Business Transfers_ \- Yeties Open Directory may be involved in the sale or transfer of some or all of its business. As part of that sale or transfer, Yeties Open Directory may disclose your personal information to the acquiring organization, but will require the acquiring organization to agree to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Yeties Open Directory shall assume no liability for the acquiring organization's use and disclosure of your personal information. If at any time you do not wish Yeties Open Directory to disclose your personal information as part of the sale or transfer of some or all of its business, please send your request using the Yeties Open Directory contact form.  
_d. Law Enforcement and Legal Disclosure_ \- Yeties Open Directory may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information or where Yeties Open Directory has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information, or to its legal counsel. Yeties Open Directory has no control over, or liability for, those persons' use and disclosure of your personal information, and that use and disclosure is not subject to this Privacy Policy.

_8\. Depersonalized Information_ \- Yeties Open Directory may use personal information to create non-personal information regarding the use of the Website and related services. Yeties Open Directory may then disclose that non-personal information to other persons and permanently archive that non-personal information for future use.

_9\. Business Contact Information_ \- To the extent permitted by law, the provisions of this Privacy Policy concerning "personal information" do not apply to information which enable you to be contacted at a place of business, such as your job position or title, business address, business telephone number, business fax number and business e-mail address.

_10\. Location of Information_ \- Yeties Open Directory will store and process your personal information in Cape Town, Western Cape, South Africa.

_11\. Securing Your Information_ \- To help protect the confidentiality of your personal information, Yeties Open Directory employs reasonable security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Nevertheless, security risks cannot be eliminated and Yeties Open Directory cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be used or disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Policy.

_12\. Accessing Your Personal Information_ \- You may request access to your personal information and information about Yeties Open Directory's collection, use and disclosure of that information by sending your request using the Yeties Open Directory contact form. Subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information within a reasonable time, and to amend it as appropriate. Yeties Open Directory attempts to keep its records as accurate and complete as possible.

_13\. Other Websites_ \- The Website may contain links to other sites or internet resources. When you click on one of those links you are contacting another website. [Yeties](http://www.yeties.com/) has no responsibility or liability for or control over those other websites or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.

_14\. Terms and Conditions_ \- The [Yeties Open Directory Terms and Conditions](http://www.yeties.com/terms-and-conditions.html) agreement contains important provisions, including provisions disclaiming, limiting or excluding Yeties Open Directory's liability for your use of the Website and provisions determining the applicable law and exclusive jurisdiction for the resolution of any disputes regarding the Website. Each of those provisions applies to any disputes that may arise in relation to this Privacy Policy or Yeties Open Directory's collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, and shall be of the same force and effect as if they had been reproduced directly in this Privacy Policy.

_15\. Former Users_ \- If you stop using the Website or your permission to use the Websites is terminated, Yeties Open Directory may continue to use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

_16\. Policy Changes_ \- To accommodate changes in the Website, changing technology, and legal developments, this Policy may be changed from time to time at Yeties Open Directory's sole discretion and without any prior notice to you. New versions of this Privacy Policy will be posted here. Yeties Open Directory's collection, use and disclosure of personal information will be governed by the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at that time.

Your continued dealings with Yeties Open Directory or your use of the Website subsequent to any changes to this Policy will signify your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the changed Privacy Policy.

_17\. Your Comments_ \- If you have any comments or questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or your personal information, please send your comments using the Yeties Open Directory contact form.
