> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the unoriginal.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2011-07-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110726120220id_/http%3A//www.unoriginal.co.uk/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Unoriginal.co.uk Privacy Policy**

Unoriginal (Unoriginal.co.uk) is a wholly owned subsidiary of HandHeld Entertainment Inc. (HandHeld). Use of the HandHeld name in this Privacy Statement applies to Unoriginal.co.uk . HandHeld Entertainment Inc. is committed to respecting the privacy of our users. We strive to provide a safe and secure user experience with our entertainment products and services. This Privacy Statement ("Statement") sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to our Web site, Unoriginal.co.uk, any other web sites owned or operated by HandHeld Entertainment Inc. (HandHeld), the Download Store, our content pay-for-download or streaming services, and any other products and services offered on ZVUE.com. By using this Web site, you consent to the policies and practices described in this Statement. 

**Collection and Retention of Information**

In some areas of our Web site, such as when you purchase a ZVUE, a video or other content to download we request that you provide personal information, including your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card number, contact information, billing information, ZVUE serial number and any other information from which your identity is discernible. In other areas, we collect or may collect demographic information that is not unique to you such as your ZIP code, age, preferences, gender, interests, date of purchase, place of purchase, reason for purchase, and content favorites. Sometimes we collect or may collect a combination of the two types of information. We also gather or may gather certain information about your use of our Web site, such as what areas you visit and what services you access. In addition, there is information about your computer hardware and software that is or may be collected by us. This information can include without limitation your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referring Web site addresses. In order to maintain your accounts in an efficient manner, we retain all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use with us more efficient, practical, and relevant. You can correct or update your account profile and billing information at any time. 

**Use of Information by Unoriginal.co.uk and HandHeld entertainment Inc. (Handheld)** We use the information we gather on the Web site, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purpose of operating and improving the Web site, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer. We may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from HandHeld, its affiliated companies such as Dorks (unoriginal.co.uk) or co-branded partners or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered. We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at the Web site. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you or that you provide with your consent. In addition, at the time of registration, you have the option to elect to receive additional communications. We may have an area or special section on our Web site where you can submit feedback. Any feedback you submit in this area becomes our property, and we can use such feedback (such as success stories) for marketing purposes or contact you for further information. 

**Disclosure of Information to Others**

We do not disclose to third parties your personal information, combined personal and demographic information or information about your use of the HandHeld Web site (such as the areas you visit or the services you access), except as set forth in the following subparagraphs: We may disclose such information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure. For example, if you indicate that you would like to receive information about the products or services of third parties at the time you register. With your consent, we may supply your contact information to third parties such as content providers, online entertainment Web sites, and manufacturers of accessories or media player devices, marketers or others for the purpose of sending you e-mail or otherwise communicating with you. We may use data we have about you (such as the interests and preferences you have expressed) to determine whether you might be interested in the products or services of a particular third-party. We may disclose such information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include hosting our Web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party. We may disclose such information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of HandHeld; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public. We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of HandHeld's business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event HandHeld becomes the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, HandHeld or its trustee in bankruptcy may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the bankruptcy court. HandHeld may also share aggregated anonymous information about visitors (for example, the number of visitors) with its clients, partners and other third parties so that they may understand the kinds of visitors that visit the HandHeld site and how those visitors use the site. 

**Third Party Advertisers and Other Site Links HandHeld**

allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within the HandHeld Sites. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on the HandHeld Sites. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see. HandHeld does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. However, please note that if an advertiser asks HandHeld to show an advertisement to a certain audience (for example, men ages 18-38) or audience segment (for example, men ages 21-25) who have viewed certain channels of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. The advertiser may also use information regarding your use of the HandHeld Sites, such as the number of times you viewed an ad (but not any personally identifiable information), to determine which ads to deliver to you. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers. For more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. HandHeld's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.

**Updating Your Information**

You may review, correct, update or change your account profile information at any time. Simply log into your account, review your account information and, if you wish, edit it with the options provided. If you opted to receive newsletters, special offer e-mails or other communications from HandHeld or third parties at the time you registered, but subsequently change your mind, you may opt-out by editing your account profile as described above. If you previously opted not to receive such communications, you may later opt-in by editing your account profile. We also provide the option of un-subscribing by clicking a link provided in the e-mail. It may take up to 10 days for a removal request to be processed. 

**Security**

HandHeld has implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. When you place an order online at HandHeld, your credit card information is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer ( "SSL") protocol. SSL makes it difficult for your credit card information to be intercepted or stolen while being transmitted. HandHeld uses a service company to process its credit card transactions. 

**International Users**

The HandHeld sites are hosted in the United States and are intended for and directed to Users in the United States. If you are a User accessing the HandHeld Sites from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the HandHeld Sites, which are governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Notice, and our Terms of Use, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer. 

**Children**

HandHeld is not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. 

**Changes to Privacy Statement**

If we decide to change our Privacy Statement for HandHeld, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it. 

**Contact Information**

We welcome your comments concerning this Privacy Statement. If at any time, you have questions about HandHeld's Privacy Statement, please feel free to email us at [support@hheld.com](mailto:support@hheld.com). We will use all reasonable efforts to promptly address your questions. Thank you for using HandHeld's products and online download and streaming services. We'll continue working to make this one of your favorite sites. 
