> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ambetterhealth.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140216051420id_/http%3A//www.ambetterhealth.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Ambetter Health

Centene Corporation, its affiliates, and subsidiaries (the “Company”) are strongly committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our information gathering and dissemination practices.  To serve as your insurance carrier, we will ask you to provide us with personal information about you. We only use your personal information to help you apply for health insurance. We do not sell, trade or give away your personal information to anyone. Additionally, we use industry-leading technologies to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide us. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact Company at the e-mail address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.  
**Company’s Privacy Policy**  
This Company Privacy Policy discloses the information privacy practices for the website you are currently visiting. Throughout the policy, we refer to information that can identify you as a specific individual, such as your name, phone number, email address, Social Security number or credit card number, as “personal information.” Further, personal information includes any information involving your health or medical history. **We do not sell, trade or give away your personal information to anyone.**  
**We do not disclose your personal information to third parties, unless one of the following limited exceptions applies.**  
If you submit an application for an insurance product offered through an insurance agent or agency with whom we have associated, then we may disclose your personal information to that agent or agency to process your requested quote or application. Please be assured that these partners are only allowed to use your personal information to process your requested quote, application or enrollment form and are contractually obligated to maintain strict confidentiality.  
**Service Providers.** We may disclose your personal information to other companies that help us process or service your insurance application or correspond with you. For example, we may provide your personal information to a service provider to verify the validity or credit limit of your credit card. Please be assured that the companies we hire to process or service your insurance application or correspond with you are not allowed to use your personal information for their own purposes and are contractually obligated to maintain strict confidentiality.  
**Legal Obligations.** We may disclose or report your personal information when we believe, in good faith, that the disclosure is required or permitted under law, for example, to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities or to resolve consumer disputes.  
**Outside of these exceptions, we will not share your personal information with third parties. We collect personal information in the normal course of business in order to process your insurance application and to serve you better.**  
**Registering With Us.** We begin collecting personal information from you when you register with us. You may register with us through our website by entering your email address and, if you are creating an account, choosing your password. Under our current process, you must create an account before starting an application for a health insurance or other product offered on our website.  
**CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13 YEARS.   **In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly collect or accept personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 without a parent’s or guardian’s prior consent.  We will also allow the parent or guardian of a user under the age of 13 to review, update, change, delete or refuse to permit further collection of any and all information collected by the website.  A child’s personally identifiable information will be treated with the same care and respect as an adult’s information.  
**Applying for Health Insurance.** If you apply for health insurance through our website, we may ask you to provide us with personal information and/or health information relating to you and any family member who will be included on your application. This information will be used to process your application. Additionally, we may ask you to provide us with credit card or bank information, which will be used to process your application or collect any fees associated with your application or insurance premiums upon approval of your application.  
**Providing you with a quote or processing your application.** We may use your personal information to get in touch with you when necessary to process your application or to provide you with a quote. For example, emails may be sent to you throughout the application process to inform you of the status of your application and to seek additional information that is requested as part of the application.  
**Customer satisfaction, referrals and other products.** We may contact you to survey your satisfaction of our service, refer our products and services to other people, and/or to inform you of additional products and services.  
**We gather anonymous information about you for our internal purposes, and we may share this anonymous information with third parties.**  
Anonymous information is any information that does not personally identify you, including aggregate demographic information such as the number of visitors to our website from a particular state. We use anonymous information primarily for marketing purposes and to improve the services we offer you.  
We may use “Cookies,” “Clear Gifs,” “Internet Protocol” addresses and other monitoring technologies to gather anonymous information. For a more detailed discussion on cookies and clear gifs, please see below.  
**We protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information.**  
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information. For a more detailed discussion of the electronic safeguards on our website, please see below.  
**We continue to evaluate our efforts to protect your personal information and make every effort to keep your personal information accurate and up to date.**  
You may update your name, email address and password by clicking on the “My Account” link on this website and signing in using your email address and password.  
**We will provide notice of changes in our information privacy practices.**  
If we are going to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your personal information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes to our information privacy practices that do not affect the personal information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice in the privacy portion of our website notifying users of the change. Your continued use of the website following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.  
The information privacy practices described in this privacy policy apply only to applications initiated on this website. Accordingly, all of the personal information you submit to us after initiating an application on this website shall be governed by this privacy policy. Additionally, all of the anonymous information collected from this website shall be governed by this privacy policy.  
**Additional Information About Privacy and Security**  
**“Cookies” and “Clear Gifs”**  
“Cookies” are small files that are stored by your web browser to help a particular system recognize you and the pages you visited in a website. Our website uses cookies to make your online experience more convenient. For example, we may use a cookie to store your account information between sessions and to maintain information about the quotes you’ve requested during your session. Additionally, we may use data from cookies for a variety of internal purposes, such as studying how users navigate our website. We do not collect any personal information from cookies. Further, no other information we collect from cookies can be linked back to your personal information. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. Even without a cookie, you can still use most of the features on our website, including obtaining quotes and applying for an insurance policy.  
“Clear gifs” are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, that are used to track the online movements of website users. The main difference between the two is that clear gifs are invisible on the page and are much smaller than cookies. We do not collect any personal information from clear gifs. Further, no information we collect from clear gifs can be linked back to your personal information.  
We use third party web analytics services to track and analyze anonymous usage and volume statistical information from visitors to help us administer our website, improve our website’s performance and to report website traffic. These web analytics services use cookies, clear gifs and other web monitoring technologies to help track visitor behavior on our behalf. These services do not use these technologies to collect any personally identifiable information from website visitors.  
**Browsers and Internet Security**  
Any time you enter or provide personal information in our website, we encrypt it using Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) technology. SSL protects information as it crosses the Internet. To support this technology, you need an SSL-capable browser. Company recommends using a strong encryption, 128-bit browser such as Microsoft’s Internet Explorer 4.01 or higher or Netscape Navigator 4.06 or higher. These browsers will activate SSL automatically whenever you begin shopping for plan on our website and when you return to our website to complete an application.  
You can tell if you are visiting a secure area within a website by looking at the symbol on the bottom of your browser screen. If you are using Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator, you will see either a lock or a key. When the padlock is in the locked position, your session connection is taking place via a secure server.  
If you need a strong encryption browser, you can go to the Microsoft website or the Netscape website to download the latest Internet Explorer or Navigator browser. We do not recommend the use of beta browser versions.  
**Your Password and Other Security Issues**  
The password you enter when you begin an application on our website is your private entry key into your application. You should never share it with anyone. Your password must be between 6-20 digits and/or letters long. If you forget your password, click on “Forgot Your E-Mail Address or Your Password?” on the quoting page.  
**Security Risk of Using Non-Approved Automated Software Applications**  
For security reasons to guard the safety of your data, access to this website is limited to SSL-capable browsers such as Microsoft’s Internet Explorer 4.01 or higher or Netscape Navigator 4.06 or higher. Under no circumstance should you use any software, program, application or any other device to access or log-in to the Company website, or to automate the process of obtaining, downloading, transferring or transmitting any content to or from our computer systems, website or proprietary software.  
If you have questions or concerns regarding Company’s Privacy Policy, please [contact us](http://www.ambetterhealth.com/contact-us/).[  
](https://web.archive.org/Users/aborgmeyer/AppData/Local/Microsoft/Windows/Temporary%20Internet%20Files/Content.Outlook/CSTMFVKQ/Privacy%20Policy%20final.docx#_msocom_1)
