> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140628000456id_/http%3A//www.myus.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MyUS.com - Privacy Policy

**  
**   
**Philosophy**  
Access USA Shipping, LLC, MyUS.com, is dedicated to protecting the privacy of your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes how MyUS.com treats personal information that MyUS.com collects and receives from you on MyUS.com (the “Website”). Personal information includes information about you, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, and financial information that is not otherwise publicly available. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that MyUS.com does not own or control, or to people who MyUS.com does not employ or manage. 

**Your Consent** By using the Website, you consent to the collection and use of your information in the manner we describe in this Privacy Policy. Specifically, you expressly consent to MyUS.com holding, processing, retaining and transferring to the United States (where data protection laws may not be considered adequate compared to data protection laws applicable in your home country) your personal information (including, but not limited to, your name, address, email address, telephone numbers, account, credit and other financial information and your purchasing information, in order to process your transaction and otherwise in accordance with MyUS.com’s legal and contractual obligations. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website. 

**Changes to the Privacy Policy**  
MyUS.com reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice. All changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon their posting to the Website. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by conspicuously posting the changes on this Website. Each version of our Privacy Policy will be prominently marked with an effective date. 

**Information MyUS.com May Collect On This Website**  
Cookies and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. When you visit our Website, we may passively collect non-personally identifiable information about you via certain Internet technology tools, including Google. “Non-personally identifiable” information means information that does not permit us to specifically identify you by your full name or similar unique identifying information such as your address telephone number. Non-personally identifiable information may consist of your IP address or cookies, as well as information regarding the type of browser and operating system that you use, what website you linked from to our Website and other similar analytic data. You may disable the Internet technology tools, including cookies, by adjusting your browser preferences on your computer; however, this may limit your ability to take advantage of all the features of this Website. 

We may use third party service providers to assist us in collecting and analyzing this non-personally identifiable information.

Personally Identifiable Information. During your use of this Website, we may collect information that you voluntarily share with us. 

Personally identifiable information may be collected when you send us an email using the Ask Us A Question, Send Us A Message page or when you Live Chat. We will retain the content of the email, messages, your name, your email address, and our response in order to handle any follow-up questions you may have. We also use this information to measure how effectively we address your concerns.

Personally identifiable information is collected when you register for our service, purchase a membership, or use our services. This information may include your (1) contact information (such as name, address, email address, and phone number), (2) age, (3) gender, (4) date of birth, (5) account numbers, (8) financial and payment information, (9) your VAT/Tax ID, (10) information about purchases and product shipments, and (11) any other information you choose to provide us. We may use third party service providers to assist us in collecting and analyzing this personally identifiable information. You consent to the disclosure of your personally identifiable information to such third party service providers.

If you have provided us with an email address, we may send you email messages related to your transactions with us. Email addresses are used by MyUS.com to send email for the following purposes: (1) To send an initial, one time greeting to each new member; (2) To send notices to members with respect to receiving and forwarding their packages; (3) To occasionally email you notifications of any announcements at MyUS.com; and (4) To send newsletters or special offers to members who have requested that service. We do not sell, rent, or loan our email lists to outside firms. 

Please do not post any personally identifiable information on publicly accessible areas of the Website, such as the Blog. With respect to all information you elect to post to publicly accessible areas of the Website, you agree that MyUS.com has the right to use, reproduce, copy, modify, publish, distribute, perform and display such information (in whole or part) on a public basis; provided that such use is in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. 

**How We Use The Information We Collect**  
Non-Personally Identifiable Information. We use non-personally identifiable information in the aggregate to determine how much traffic the Website receives, to statistically analyze Website usage, to improve Website content, and to customize the Website’s content, layout and services. In addition, we may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to manage the Website, and to enhance the Website based on the usage pattern data we receive. Personally Identifiable Information. We will use personally identifiable information for: (i) the purpose for which you provide it; and (ii) as otherwise may be disclosed at the point of collection. For example, we may use your contact information as provided to us, such as email address, telephone number, or mailing address, to contact you regarding administrative notice and communications related to your use of the Website or otherwise as you may request. As another example, we may use your financial information to process payments. 

**Information Sharing And Disclosure To Third Parties**  
Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Because non-personally identifiable information does not identify who you are, we do not limit the ways we may use or share non-personally identifiable information. For example, we may share non-personally identifiable information with our affiliates, suppliers, employees and agents, other businesses, and the government. Personally Identifiable Information. MyUS.com may provide your personally identifiable information to affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons who work on behalf or with MyUS.com. These companies may use your personally identifiable information to help MyUS.com administer its business or communicate with you about offers or other information relevant to MyUS.com. MyUS.com may use a third party service provider to host the Website. All such third parties are subject to confidentiality obligations and contractually obligated to maintain adequate security measures to protect your information. In addition, we may use your personally identifiable information in the aggregate in a non-identifiable manner in order to better understand the services being provided, how to improve these services, and how to improve the Website. We may provide non-identifiable aggregated information to third parties. MyUS.com may provide information about you in response to subpoenas, law enforcement requests, court orders or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. MyUS.com also may provide information about you if MyUS.com believes it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law. At its discretion, MyUS.com may share information with law enforcement or government officials for any reason. If MyUS.com becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, it may share your personal information with the potential acquirer or buyer pursuant to a confidentiality agreement. MyUS.com will not use or share the personal information provided to us through this Website in ways unrelated to those described in this Privacy Policy without providing you with notice. 

**Transfer Of Personal Information To The United States**  
MyUS.com is based in the United States. By providing your personal information and by using the Website, if you are located in a country other than the United States, you expressly consent to the transfer of your personal information to the United States where data protection laws may not be as stringent as those in the country in which you are located. You also expressly consent to the disclosure to third parties of your personal information which is transferred to the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions. MyUS.com may use third party service providers, as mentioned above, that may be located in the United States or elsewhere in the world. By providing your personal information and by using the Website, you expressly consent to the transfer of your personal information to such third party service providers, wherever they may be located. 

**Access To Your Personally Identifiable Information**  
Upon written request and verification of your identity, we will provide you with your personal information in our possession. Requests for such information may be sent to the contact information below. You may also update or correct your personal information in our possession by contacting us using the contact information below or updating your information on the Website. 

**Retention of Personal Information**  
Your personal information will be retained subject to our reasonable business or legal requirements to retain your personal information. 

**Links**  
You may have the opportunity to follow a link to other websites that may be of interest to you from this Website. MyUS.com endeavors to only link to reputable organizations related to your areas of potential interest, but these websites may not be hosted or controlled by MyUS.com and MyUS.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites or the content provided thereon. Please review the privacy policies and practices of those websites before use. 

**Security**  
MyUS.com takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information. These measures include annual internal reviews of MyUS.com’s practices and security measures, including a review of MyUS.com’s encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where MyUS.com stores personal information. Due to the nature of the Internet and on-line communications, however, we cannot guarantee that any information transmitted on-line will remain absolutely confidential, and we are not liable for the illegal acts of third parties such as criminal hackers.

**MyUS.com’s Compliance With Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)**  
MyUS.com is committed to protecting the privacy of children. MyUS.com does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a child under 13 provides us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian may contact us at the contact information listed below, and we will remove the information. No information should be submitted to or via this Site by users under the age of 13. 

**Contact Us**  
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, or have questions about our privacy practices, please contact us at http://www.myus.com/en/contact/ ****
