> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 2modern.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-10-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151004175316id_/http%3A//www.2modern.com/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy & Security Policy | 2Modern Furniture & Lighting

**Privacy & Security Policy  
**Updated May 2015

**Your Privacy  
** Thank you for shopping at 2Modern.com. 2Modern is committed to ensuring the privacy and security of our customers. We value your business and your trust. We do not sell any information we gather and we are extremely careful with the data we collect. We continually review and invest in superior technology infrastructure to encrypt and guard your information.

This privacy and security policy ("Policy") outlines the information we collect about you, how we use the information and the choices you have to review, revise and/or restrict our usage of this information.

**Collected Information  
** 2Modern.com collects customer information for a variety of reasons, including as part of our ongoing efforts to provide superior customer service, improve our customer's shopping experience and to communicate with our customers about our products, services and promotions, including those that we believe may be of particular interest to you based on information we have collected. We collect personal information such as your name, financial information, telephone number, e-mail and postal address ("Personal Information") that you provide to us when you save your information with us or when you participate in a sweepstakes, promotion or survey. We use this information to process any transaction, inquiry or promotion that you initiate with us, and provide you with 2Modern advertising tailored to your interests. In addition, we maintain a record of your product interests, purchases and whatever else might enable us or our business partners to enhance and personalize your shopping experience on this or other websites and to provide you with offers, promotions or information that we believe may be of interest to you. We also monitor use of the Website and traffic patterns to improve the Website design and the products and services we offer as well as to determine what offers, promotions or information to send to you.

2Modern.com may disclose specific personal information about you if required by law, governmental request or court order, if based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with such law, request or court. We may also disclose information about you to other members of the 2Modern corporate family, as well as a company contracted to help prevent the unauthorized use of credit and gift cards.

If you are under 16, we require that you inform a parent or guardian about 2Modern’s Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions as well as requiring their consent to the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions before registering or placing an order with 2Modern. This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link and 2Modern is not responsible for any personal information you submit to third parties via our website. Please ensure that you read the Privacy Policy of such other companies or organizations before submitting your details.

**Our Email List  
** We offer those who sign-up for our email list advanced notice of sales, new merchandise, VIP notices and other 2Modern news. Email addresses collected at 2Modern.com are used internally and not sold/rented to any 3rd parties. If you would like to unsubscribe from our email list, you can do so at any time at the bottom of the newsletter or email. We will remove your name from our email list within a reasonable period of time. Please recognize that you may receive another email before we are able to remove you.

**Business Partners  
** 2Modern contracts with outside service providers to help us better understand your use of 2Modern.com. Our service providers place cookies on your computer or use other technologies to collect various kinds of information for us related to your use of 2Modern.com, so that we and our business partners may continue to refine and improve the site and other sites for our customers, and provide advertising tailored to your interests. We do not allow our service providers to collect any credit card, user name or password information, and any Personal Information shared with our service providers is made anonymous. We may also use our own cookies to deliver enhanced online display advertising tailored to your interests. Please contact us: [support@2modern.com](mailto:support@2modern.com) or 888-222-4410 to opt out. We do not sell your details to third party marketing companies. We do collate information about site traffic, sales, wish lists, and other commercial information which we may pass on to third parties but this information does not include any information which can identify you personally. Finally, we may use your personal information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, together with non-personal data to monitor customer patterns so we can consistently improve our site design to better meet our visitors' needs. From time to time 2Modern may employ third party business partners to collect personal information on 2Modern’s behalf. 2Modern may also share your data with third party business partners to provide you with targeted advertising. In such cases, these third parties will be subject to confidentiality agreements and instructed by 2Modern to comply with applicable data protection law.  
 **  
Cookies  
** Our site uses cookies (very small files that are sent by us to your computer or other access device) which we can access when you visit our site in future. There are four types of cookies: **Website functionality cookies:** These cookies enable you to browse the website and use our features such as shopping baskets and wish lists. **Website analytics cookies:** We use these cookies to measure and analyze how our customers use the website. This allows us to continuously improve our website and your shopping experience. **Customer preference cookies:** When browsing or shopping online, the website will remember preferences you make (for example your user name, language or location). This makes your browsing experience simpler, easier and more personal to you. **Targeting cookies or advertising cookies:** These cookies are used to deliver adverts relevant to you. In addition, they limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as helping us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. **By using our website you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device and access them when you visit the site in the future.** If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the help and support area on your internet browser for instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. Information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at [www.AboutCookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/). Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site. We also use other methods of automatic collection to determine information about visitors to our website, including the IP address, browser, language preferences, and computer identification numbers. We use the information obtained using these tools to provide better customer service, enhance our product offerings, and detect potential misuse or fraud. To opt out of any such data collection, contact us: [support@2modern.com](mailto:support@2modern.com) or 888-222-4410

**Secure Shopping  
** Sensitive personal information contained in orders placed on the Website are encrypted using 128-bit secure sockets layer (SSL) technology.* In order for SSL security to work, you must use an SSL enabled browser. *Secure Socket Layer (SSL) is a technology used by vendors to ensure the security of online business. It negotiates and employs the essential functions of mutual authentication, data encryption and data integrity for secure transactions.

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect you Personal Information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through the Website cannot be guaranteed; (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party; and (d) WHEN YOU TRANSFER ANY INFORMATION TO US, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.

If you still have concerns about ordering electronically, feel free to call 888-222-4410 and place your order over the phone. You can also print your shopping cart page and mail it to:

2Modern  
35 Miller Ave.  
Mill Valley, CA 94941  
Attn: Order Processing

Please note that email is not encrypted and is not considered a secure means of transmitting credit card numbers. We will never ask for sensitive information via email. Secure Socket Layer (SSL) is a technology used by vendors to ensure the security of online business. It negotiates and employs the essential functions of mutual authentication, data encryption and data integrity for secure transactions.

**Policy Changes  
** 2Modern.com may periodically update this Privacy & Security Policy for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed. Any changes made will be posted here. By visiting our website you agree to accept any changes made to this policy. The 2Modern.com Privacy & Security Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on our website.

If you require further information about our Privacy Policy, please go to the Contact Us section of the web site, send an email to [support@2modern.com](mailto:support@2modern.com) or call 888-222-4410 or write to: 2Modern, 35 Miller Ave., Mill Valley, CA, 94941.
