> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pantaloons.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-11-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091113034028id_/http%3A//www.pantaloons.com/PrivacyPolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Pantaloons.com - Welcome to Pantaloons!

Privacy Policy

ActiveAudience.com (or NameMedia) collects and maintains certain information (including e-mail addresses, IP addresses, names, geographic information, etc.) on many of its Web sites and via forms (online and offline). This is done to help us provide our customers with the best customer service and with valuable information regarding relevant products and services from ActiveAudience.com and appropriate third parties. 

ActiveAudience.com (or NameMedia) is dedicated to protecting personal information and will make every reasonable effort to handle collected information appropriately. All information collected, as well as related requests, will be handled as carefully and efficiently as possible in accordance with ActiveAudience.com's standards for integrity and objectivity. Email originating at ActiveAudience.com contains clear and efficient instructions for opting out of future emails of its kind. 

ActiveAudience.com (or NameMedia) may collect, or use third-party companies to collect non-personally identifiable information (e.g., the pages you visit, and which links you click, which ads you see and click on, and the categories of search terms you enter) when you visit ActiveAudience.com. Some of these third-party companies collect information when serving ads on this Web site, while others collect information without showing ads on the Web site. These companies may use the information outlined above (which does not include personally identifiable information such as your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you on ActiveAudience.com, other sites, and other forms of media. These companies often use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: [OPT OUT](http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp)

ActiveAudience.com (or NameMedia) or third parties may place cookies onto your computer when you visit our sites. These cookies are placed to keep track of some of the web searches, clicks, and site/section visits you make while on our sites, and to use that information anonymously to customize advertisements and content displayed to you on ActiveAudience.com sites or other Web sites you visit, and/or to keep track of your response to each ad. None of these third parties are able to use this information to identify you personally. 

If you need assistance in updating the information you have provided to ActiveAudience.com (or NameMedia) or you have questions or comments about these policies, contact ActiveAudience.com's manager of customer information with our [contact form](http://www.activeaudience.com/activeaudience/aboutus.contactus.do)
