> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mybestclick.net privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100626130011id_/http%3A//www.mybestclick.net/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MyBestClick - Quality PPC

**Client Information Collection and Use** MyBestClick is the sole owner of the information collected on this website. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any third parties in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. MyBestClick collects information from its Advertisers and Traffic Partners (the "Clients") as well as from Internet users who initiate keyword searches from sites operated by our Traffic Partners (the "Internet Users") at several different points on our website.

**Client Registration** In order to become an Advertiser and Traffic Partner, a user must first complete our online registration form. During registration, a user is required to provide their contact information (including name, email address, physical address and telephone number).

**Regular Communication with Clients** As part of our process in serving our Clients, we routinely communicate via email, mail or telephone with our Clients. In addition to our initial welcome letter, our Clients receive account activity reports, low balance warnings, funding confirmation emails, site and service announcement updates, and other information relating to the management of their MyBestClick accounts. Clients also receive emails directly from a member of our team offering optimization or other services designed to assist Clients. Out of respect for the privacy of our Clients, we will honor every request not receive these types of communications.

**Newsletter to Clients** Our Clients receive a regular newsletter from us. If a Client wishes to unsubscribe to our newsletters, he or she may do so by unsubscribing directly from our newsletter. We do not sell, share, or rent our newsletter email list to any third party.

**Client Surveys** From time-to-time, we may request information from our Clients by email or through an online survey. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the Client therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose any of the requested information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), demographic information (such as zip code, age and income level), information about other forms of online advertising that is used by the Client, information related to the Client's experience as a MyBestClick Advertiser or Traffic Partner, and information related to the business of the Client. Information that we gather in this way is intended to get important feedback from our Clients with the purpose of improving the quality of our services. We may share the information that we collect, but no information will be attributed to any individual Client without written authorization from the Client.

**Collection of Data from Internet Users** MyBestClick does not collect Internet User identity or contact information from Internet Users' visits to MyBestClick's website or to any of its Traffic Partner websites. For each visitor to a MyBestClick website or to any of its Traffic Partner websites, the visitor's computer reaches us via a particular Internet Protocol (the "IP") address. MyBestClick's servers automatically collect this IP address.

**Sharing of Client Information** We will share aggregated demographic information with our Traffic Partners and Advertisers from time-to-time. The information that we may share is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual user.

**Links to Other Sites** This website contains links to other sites. Please be advised that MyBestClick is not responsible for the privacy practices of any other sites that link to or from MyBestClick. We encourage our Clients to be aware that privacy policies may differ when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website and through Traffic Partner websites.

**Corrections/Updating Personal Information** If our Clients' personally identifiable information changes, or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data. This can be done within the "Admin" section of our Account Management Interface or by contacting our Advertiser Services Team through our contact page.

**www.mybestclick.net**

We have the right to change our privacy policy at any time. If we do so, we will post those changes in this section of our website so that our Clients are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose such information. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify Clients by email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
