> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mybobs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-07-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170711123144id_/https%3A//www.mybobs.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Bob's Discount Furniture

**Bob's Discount Furniture Website Privacy Policy**

Bob's Discount Furniture LLC ( **"My Bob's," "we," "us" or "our"** ) has created this website (the **"Website"** or the **"Site"** ) to provide online shoppers with a convenient forum to view and purchase furniture (the "Website"). 

My Bob's is committed to maintaining your privacy. This privacy policy and agreement (the **"Privacy Policy"** ) covers how we collect, use and treat personal information that you may provide either (a) through our Website or while participating in the services that we offer at the Website (the **"Services"** ), or (b) directly to us upon our request and while visiting one of our physical locations as further set out in Section 4 (Provision of Personally Identifiable Information Offline). Our Privacy Policy applies to any visitor to the Website (collectively, **"you"** ), including (i) casual visitors to our Site, who do not sign up for an account on the Website ( **"Site Visitors"** ), and (ii) users who have registered with My Bob's through the Website (collectively, **"Registered Users"** ). 

**1.  Your Consent.** Please read this Privacy Policy carefully; once you consent to this Privacy Policy's terms, it creates legal obligations on you and on My Bob's. We ask you to show your consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy in different ways, depending on your relationship to the Site. The procedures for consenting to this Privacy Policy are (i) less formal if you are simply a casual Site Visitor, and (ii) more formal if you are seeking to become a Registered User. 

**1.1.  Consent by Site Visitors.** By accessing and using our Website as a Site Visitor, you are acknowledging that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and agree to be legally bound by it. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using our Site. 

**1.2.  Consent by Registered Users.** If you register to become a Registered User of our Website, you will be prompted to click the "Submit" button that provides a link to this Privacy Policy during the registration process Clicking "Submit" confirms your agreement to be bound by this Privacy Policy. 

**2.  The Types of Information You May Provide.** Information that you may provide or that we may collect from you while visiting our Site or while participating in our Services falls into two broad categories: (i) personally identifiable information, and (ii) anonymous information. We use the term **"Personally Identifiable Information"** to mean any information that could reasonably be used to identify you, including your name, address, e-mail address, birth date, financial information, photograph, telephone number or any combination of information that could be used to identify you. **"Anonymous Information"** is information that does not identify you, and may include statistical information concerning, for example, your use of our Services, the features of the Website or pages on our Site that you visit most frequently. 

**3.  Personally Identifiable Information; Our Uses of this Information.** As a Site Visitor, we allow you to decide whether you wish to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information. Accordingly, we have structured our Website so that you may visit our Site, and review selected information about our Services, without revealing your identity or providing any Personally Identifiable Information. We will only share Personally Identifiable Information you choose to provide to us via the Website with third parties as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We collect information from you at different points on our Website and through our Services, and use this information as follows: 

**3.1.  Site Visitors May Only Provide Anonymous Information.** As indicated above, you may use our Site without registering or submitting any information to us. In that case, the only information we collect from your visit will be Anonymous Information that does not identify you in any way. Our obligations concerning, and permitted uses of, Anonymous Information are set out below in Section 4 (Anonymous Information). 

**3.2.  Registration Information; User Names.** In order to participate in our Services as a Registered User, we require that you complete a registration form. Our registration forms will specify the information which you must provide in order to utilize our Website, which may include such items as (i) name; (ii) e-mail and mailing address; (iii) phone number; and (iv) credit card information. Our registration forms may additionally request information, which you may, at your option, choose to provide or withhold. The registration process provides Registered Users with a user name and password, which allows them to gain access to password-protected portions of the Website and to otherwise use certain functionality available on our Site. This information is used by My Bob's in providing the Website and related Services. The benefits of becoming a Registered User are set forth on our Website and in our Terms and Conditions of Use. 

**3.3.  Purchasing Products; Order Fulfillment and Payment.** If you purchase products from our Website, we may collect Personally Identifiable Information, including contact information (such as name and email address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date and security code), in connection with your ordering and purchasing of products through our Website. We may already have this information on file if you are a Registered User. This Information is used for billing purposes, order fulfillment, contacting you about your order and sending you other communications that we think may be of interest to you. Please note that My Bob's uses a reputable company (the **"Payment Processing Company"** ) to collect and process your payment information. Rest assured that we have taken steps to ensure that the Payment Processing Company protects Personally Identifiable Information it collects from you in compliance with our Privacy Policy. 

**3.4.  Photographs.** We may provide the ability for you to submit photos to us through our Website. For example, we may allow you to submit a photo of goods that were delivered damaged in order to obtain an exchange. If you submit photos via our Website, we will only use the photo(s) for the purpose of processing your request. It is your responsibility to ensure that the photo(s) you submit do not include images of any individuals or other identifying information. 

**3.5.  Email Addresses.** You may wish to provide us with comments and feedback concerning our Site. By communicating with us for these purposes, you may provide us with your email address and other Personally Identifiable Information. In these instances, we use any information you provide to us for the purposes for which you submit the information. 

**3.6.  Questionnaires and Surveys.** Our Website may allow you to participate in surveys and questionnaires, which we may post on the Site from time to time. You are free to choose whether you participate in a survey or questionnaire. We may ask that, in addition to providing your responses, you also provide Personally Identifiable Information. In these instances, we use any information you provide to us strictly for the purposes for which you submit the information. Survey and questionnaire information may be used for the purposes of monitoring or improving the use and appeal of this Site or improving our business. 

**3.7.  Communications.** You may choose to sign up to receive communications from us including, for example, emails with information on deals, news, store openings and other events. In addition, if you are a Registered User or have previously provided My Bob's with your e-mail address (including, but not limited to, through the means described in Section 4 (Provision of Personally Identifiable Information Offline)), we may choose to send news, bulletins, marketing materials or other information, and will use Personally Identifiable Information to send such communications. If we choose to undertake such communications, you will have the ability to opt out of receiving these communications as provided in Section 10 (Changing or Removing Information; Opting Out). 

**3.8.  Blogs; Message Boards.** We may offer a blog or message board system on our Site and you may choose to participate in an online discussion or to provide online comments and feedback. Any comments you contribute to the online dialogue, however, become public immediately and any Personally Identifiable Information you disclose becomes available to the other participants in the discussion. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information you disclose in such online discussions on our Site. You should, therefore, use discretion in what you participate in these exchanges. 

**3.9.  Verifying Identity.** When you request Services or information from us, we may use Personal Information (and other information that we have about you) to verify your identity and to process your request. This is designed to further protect you and to reduce the threat of identity theft and fraudulent transactions. 

**3.10.  Other Uses.** In addition to the uses specifically identified in this Section 3 (Personally Identifiable Information; Our Uses of this Information), there may be instances where you request information and Services from us that are not described in this Policy. We will use Personal Information that you submit in order to provide such information and Services. 

**4.  Provision of Personally Identifiable Information Offline.** If you purchase a product or service from us in one of our physical stores, we may ask you during the checkout process to provide us with your contact information, telephone number and email address (collectively, the **"Contact Information"** ). We will use your Contact Information to send communications to you as further described in Section 3.7 (Communications), to more efficiently complete deliveries and administer our Goof Proof Plus Protection Plan and for other purposes set out on the sales receipt that you receive at checkout. If you provide Contact Information to us at our request during checkout, we strive to provide you with either verbal and/or written notice of this Policy so that you can review it. We treat any Contact Information that you provide to us during the in-store checkout process as Personally Identifiable Information under this Policy. Please note that, other than the Contact Information that you provide to us during the checkout process, this Privacy Policy does not govern our practices with respect to any other Information that you provide to us offline including, for example, financial information that you provide to us during the in-store checkout process. 

**5.  Anonymous Information.** We use Anonymous Information to analyze the effectiveness of our Site, to improve our Website and our Services and for other, similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may undertake or commission statistical and other summary analyses of the general behavior and characteristics of Website users, and the use of our Website and Services, and may share Anonymous Information with third parties, including Advertisers (if any). Rest assured that Anonymous Information provided to third parties will not allow anyone to identify you. We may collect Anonymous Information through features of the software that supports our Website and our Services, through cookies and through other means described below. 

**5.1.  IP Addresses; Logs.** My Bob's may automatically receive and record information in our server logs from your browser, including your IP address (the Internet address of your computer), your computer's name, the type and version of your web browser, referrer addresses and other generally-accepted log information. We may also record page views (hit counts) and other general statistical and tracking information, which will be aggregated with that of other users in order to understand how our Website is being used, and for security and monitoring purposes. None of this data contains Personally Identifiable Information. 

**5.2.  Cookies.** A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies can be used to provide you with a tailored user experience and to make it easier for you to use a website upon a future visit. We may include cookies on our Website and use them to recognize you when you return to our Website. You may set your browser so that it does not accept cookies. Cookies must be enabled on your web browser, however, if you wish to access certain personalized features of our Services. 

**5.3.  Tags.** We may use so-called "pixel tags" – small graphic images (also known as "web beacons" or "single-pixel GIFS") – to tell us what parts of our Website have been visited or to measure the effectiveness of searches customers perform on our Site. Pixel tags also enable us to send email messages in a format customers can read, and they inform us whether emails have been opened, to help ensure that our messages are of interest to our customers. None of this data includes Personally Identifiable Information, and you can "opt-out" of receiving these types of emails from us by following the directions provided in Section 10 (Changing or Removing Information; Opting Out). If any Personally Identifiable Information is collected using such tools, it will be subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. 

**5.4.  Click-Throughs.** We may send email messages, which use a "click-through URL" linked to content on our Website. When you click one of these URLs, you pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. We track this click-through data to help determine interest in particular topics and to measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked simply do not click text or graphic links in the email, or notify us in accordance with Section 10 (Changing or Removing Information; Opting Out). 

**5.5.  Computer Configuration.** In order to determine whether your computer is supported by our system, we may collect certain Anonymous Information. This information includes, but may not be limited to, your operating system and browser, as well as the presence of any software that our Website may require to operate with your computer, or other third party software on your computer. This information is kept strictly confidential and is not shared with third parties, except as provided for in this Privacy Policy. 

**6.  Any Information Linked with Your Personally Identifiable Information is Protected As "Personally Identifiable Information." ** To enable us to better understand the characteristics of our customers and/or to provide services tailored to your needs, we may link (i) the Personally Identifiable Information you have provided; with (ii) Anonymous Information. If we combine or link any Anonymous Information or other information with your Personally Identifiable Information, the resulting combination will be treated and protected as Personally Identifiable Information under this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, no unrelated third parties will have access to this information, and any of our service providers who are granted access to this information will be bound to protect it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

**7.  We Do Not Disclose Site-Directed, Personally Identifiable Information to Unaffiliated Third Parties; Limited Exceptions.** We will not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to unaffiliated third parties without your express consent, except in the following limited circumstances: 

**7.1.  My Bob's Site Vendors.** We may employ other companies, including Payment Processing Companies, to perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting or maintaining the Website and/or Website, providing services related to the Site and Services, administering our Goof Proof Plus Protection Plan, collecting information, responding to and sending electronic mail, or other functions necessary to our business. We may need to share your Personally Identifiable Information with these companies (collectively, **"Site Vendors"** ). We will provide Site Vendors with only that information necessary or desirable to perform their functions and we will not allow them to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose. 

**7.2.  Questions of Harm.** We may reveal your Personally Identifiable Information to attorneys, private investigator organizations or law enforcement agencies if we believe (i) that you are at risk of harm from another, or (ii) that you are harming or interfering (or will harm or interfere) with others or violating (either intentionally or unintentionally) our Terms and Conditions of Use or otherwise violating legal rights. 

**7.3.  Legal.** My Bob's will reveal your Personally Identifiable Information to the extent we reasonably believe that we are required to do so by law. If we receive legal process calling for the disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information we will attempt to notify you via the email address you supplied during registration within a reasonable amount of time before we respond to the request, unless such notification is not permitted. 

**7.4.  Transfer of Site.** My Bob's shall be entitled to transfer to a third party information that it collects, including any Personally Identifiable Information, in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the business entity responsible for the information under this Privacy Policy, provided the acquiring third party has agreed to safeguard your Personally Identifiable Information with protections that in all material respects are the same as or more protective than those set out in this Privacy Policy. 

**8.  Retention of Personally Identifiable Information.** Our policy with regard to retention of Personally Identifiable Information depends on whether you are a Site Visitor or a Registered User. If you are a Site Visitor, we will only retain Personally Identifiable Information that you have provided for as long as necessary to address the purpose for which you submitted the information. If you are a Registered User, we will retain your Personally Identifiable Information for as long as you continue to be a Registered User, unless you request that we delete the information in accordance with Section 10.3 (Deleting Information). 

**9.  Advertisements.** Our Site may include the use of ad banner partners for the serving and/or targeting of ads, promotions, and other marketing messages. These ads may be provided, in some cases, by a third party ad service provider or advertiser (collectively, "Advertisers"). Additionally, advertisers may place or utilize their own cookies on your browser and may use Anonymous Information about your visit to our Site. If an Advertiser requests that you provide Personally Identifiable Information to it or otherwise accept its cookie on your browser, please be aware that the Advertiser's use and collection of this information and use of any cookies will be governed by its privacy policy or other relevant agreement, and not our Privacy Policy. We recommend that you review the Advertiser's privacy policy before providing Personally Identifiable Information. You may choose not to receive targeted advertising from certain ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other service providers as indicated at: <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/>. 

**10.  Changing or Removing Information; Opting Out. **

**10.1.  Discretionary Account Information.** To allow appropriate control over Personally Identifiable Information, you can view, change or update discretionary information that you have previously submitted either by emailing us at the e-mail address listed in Section 19 (Contact Us) below or by accessing your account if you are a Registered User. 

**10.2.  Opt-Out.** If we choose to send to you bulletins, updates or other marketing-related materials, we will provide you with the ability to decline – or "opt out" – of receiving such communications. Instructions for opting-out will be provided if and when we determine to send you such a communication. Please understand that you will not be allowed to "opt out" of formal notices concerning the operation of this Website, and legal and other related notices concerning your relationship to the Site. 

**10.3.  Deleting Information.** Finally, if you request, we will remove your name and all other Personally Identifiable Information from our databases. Please understand, however, that it may be impossible to remove this information completely due to backups, records of deletions and other requirements. For example, we may be required to retain your Personally Identifiable Information for a certain period of time based on the payment method you use to complete a transaction with us. In addition, please understand that, if you request the deletion of your information, you will be unable to utilize associated features of the Website and any associated Services. You may not remove de-identified, anonymous or aggregate data from our databases. 

**11.  Third Party Personally Identifiable Information.** To the extent that you provide My Bob's with the Personally Identifiable Information of third parties, you represent and warrant that you have permission from such third parties to provide us with their Personally Identifiable Information so that we may provide our Website and our Services. 

**12.  Security.** We have put in place security systems designed to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to us, and we take all reasonable steps to secure and safeguard this Information. Our Site's password-protected section requires users to give us unique identifiers such as their user name and password. My Bob's employees are required to acknowledge that they understand and will abide by our policies with respect to the confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information. Additionally, we ensure that My Bob's Affiliates and Site Vendors' security policies are at least as protective of your information as our policy. Moreover, we provide access to our databases containing Personally Identifiable Information on a need-to-know basis only. Our security systems are therefore structured to deter and prevent hackers and others from accessing information that you provide to us. We also use software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Please understand, though, that this information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided by or submitted to My Bob's. Due to the nature of Internet communications and evolving technologies, we cannot provide, and expressly disclaim, assurance that the information you provide us will remain free from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties who, despite our efforts, obtain unauthorized access. 

**13.  Notice of Security Incident.** If we detect, despite the safeguards set out above, the unauthorized access to or use of Personally Identifiable Information (an "Intrusion"), we will (i) notify affected users of the Intrusion if the information at issue is sensitive, in our discretion, (ii) deliver this notice by the means we deem most efficient under the circumstances (such as, for example, first class mail or email); (iii) use contact information for each affected user that is current in our files; and (iv) use commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish these steps and effect this notice in a timely manner. To the extent applicable law requires steps in addition to those specified above, we will under all circumstances comply with applicable law. 

**14.  Participation by Children and Teens; Advisory.** Due to federal law (as reflected in the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), WE DO NOT ALLOW INDIVIDUALS WHO WE KNOW ARE UNDER 13 TO PARTICIPATE IN OUR SITE OR SERVICES. YOU MUST BE AT LEAST 13 YEARS OLD TO USE OUR SITE AND SERVICES. IF YOU ARE BETWEEN 13 AND THE APPLICABLE AGE OF MAJORITY, PLEASE REVIEW THIS AGREEMENT WITH YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN. Please understand that we cannot necessarily tell if a user is providing us with his or her true age. 

**15.  Notification of Changes.** From time to time, My Bob's may change its Privacy Policy. We will post notice of the new Privacy Policy on our Website. Your subsequent use of our Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Privacy Policy, as changed. 

**16.  Our Affiliates.** We may choose to rely on and share information with divisions within our company or other companies closely related to us – our "Affiliates" – for certain purposes under this Privacy Policy. By **"Affiliate,"** we mean an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with My Bob's. You agree that My Bob's Affiliates will be entitled to enjoy our rights under this Privacy Policy and, in exchange, we agree that we will be responsible for our Affiliate's conduct under this Privacy Policy, if our Affiliate fails to comply with any resulting obligations. In any event, we ensure that our Affiliates agree to protect Personally Identifiable Information in a manner no less protective of your interests than the protections set out in this Privacy Policy. 

**17.  Relationship to Terms and Conditions of Use.** This Privacy Policy must be read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions of Use, and the provisions of our Terms and Conditions of Use are incorporated herein. To the extent the Terms and Conditions of Use conflict with the terms of this Privacy Policy, the terms of this Privacy Policy will control. To the extent the terms of any other contract between you and My Bob's conflict with the terms of this Privacy Policy, the terms of this Privacy Policy will control with respect to your use of this Website. 

**18.  Further Resources.** If you wish further information concerning privacy policies in general, you should visit the following site: <http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/index.html>. 

**19.  Contact Us.** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us at: [Ask Bob](https://www.mybobs.com/ask-bob)

 **20.  Do Not Track Notice.** Our Website does not change its behavior when receiving "Do Not Track" signals from browser software. 

**21.  Effective Date.** The effective date of this Privacy Policy is July 20, 2015. 

**22.  COPYRIGHT AND LEGAL NOTICE.** Copyright ©2015 Bob's Discount Furniture LLC. All Rights Reserved.
