> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mybootyspace.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120523201308id_/http%3A//marshayramone.com/policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy » support Marshay and buy from itunes and amazon

Privacy Policy   
Last Revised: December 7th, 2010:   
MarshayRamone, Inc. (“MarshayRamone” or “we”) operates MarshayRamone.com. This Privacy Policy describes MarshayRamone’s use and sharing of personally identifiable information (“PII”-- your full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, or credit card number) that Members voluntarily provide to MarshayRamone when they register (also known as “Registration PII”). The Term “User” refers to a Visitor or a Member. This Privacy Policy applies to the services offered by MarshayRamone, including any MarshayRamone-branded URL (the “MarshayRamone Website”), the MarshayRamone instant messaging service, the MarshayRamone application developer service and other features (for example, music and video embedded players), MarshayRamone mobile services, and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by MarshayRamone in connection with the MarshayRamone Website (collectively, the “MarshayRamone Services”). The MarshayRamone Services are hosted in the United States.   
The MarshayRamone Website is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect PII from children under 13 years of age.   
From time to time MarshayRamone may modify this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our PII collection and use practices, the features of the MarshayRamone Services, or technology, and such modifications shall be effective upon posting by MarshayRamone on the MarshayRamone Website. Your continued use of the MarshayRamone Services after MarshayRamone posts a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. If MarshayRamone materially changes its practices regarding collection or use of your PII, your PII will continue to be governed by the Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of, and have not objected to, the change.   
COLLECTION AND SUBMISSION OF PII AND NON-PII ON MarshayRamone   
General. When MarshayRamone collects PII from you it is because you are voluntarily submitting Registration PII to us in order to register as a Member of MarshayRamone. MarshayRamone may also collect PII from you if you choose to participate in MarshayRamone Services activities like sweepstakes, contests, and surveys, because you want us to furnish you with products, services, newsletters, or information, or in connection with content or suggestions you submit to MarshayRamone for review.   
In addition, MarshayRamone collects other non-PII including IP address, aggregate user data, and browser type. This data is used to manage and improve the MarshayRamone Services, track usage, and for security purposes.   
MarshayRamone Members may also choose to provide or store non-PII information in their profiles, including but not limited to date of birth, interests, hobbies, lifestyle choices, groups with whom they are affiliated (schools, companies), videos and/or pictures, private messages, bulletins or personal statements (collectively “Profile Information”). The Profile Information in a Member’s profile is provided at his or her sole discretion.   
MarshayRamone Members can change their Registration PII and Profile Information at any time and can control how Visitors, other Members and MarshayRamone communicate with them by controlling their account settings, available within the “Edit Profile” portion of their MarshayRamone profile. Link to Privacy Settings.   
Cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that MarshayRamone places on your computer. MarshayRamone uses cookies to identify your Internet browser, store Users’ preferences, and determine whether you have installed the enabling software needed to access certain material on the MarshayRamone Services. Data in cookies may be read to authenticate user sessions or provide services.   
Third party advertisements displayed on MarshayRamone Services may also contain cookies set by Internet advertising companies or advertisers (known as “third party cookies”). MarshayRamone does not control these third party cookies and Users of the MarshayRamone Services should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies. See the “Notice” section below for more information on customised advertising on MarshayRamone. A pixel tag is a tiny image inserted in a webpage and used to record the number and types of views for that page. MarshayRamone may allow third party pixel tags to be present on MarshayRamone Services for purposes of advertising, providing services or data and statistics collection.   
You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent, block third party cookies or block all cookies. However, by blocking all cookies you may not have access to certain features on the MarshayRamone Services.   
NOTICE: MarshayRamone WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH NOTICE ABOUT ITS PII COLLECTION PRACTICES   
When you voluntarily provide PII to MarshayRamone, we will make sure you are informed about who is collecting the information, how and why the information is being collected and the types of uses MarshayRamone will make of the information to the extent it is being used in a manner that differs from what is allowed pursuant to this Privacy Policy.   
At the time you provide your PII, MarshayRamone will notify you of your options regarding our use of your PII (See “Choice” below). Except as described in this Privacy Policy, MarshayRamone will not share your PII with third parties unless you have given MarshayRamone permission to do so (See “Use” below).   
MarshayRamone Services may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies. MarshayRamone Services may also carry advertisements from other companies. MarshayRamone is not responsible for the privacy practices of websites or other services operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with the MarshayRamone Services or for the privacy practices of third party Internet advertising companies. Once you leave MarshayRamone Services via such a link, access a third party application (such as widgets) or click on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine, among other things, how they will handle any PII they collect from you.   
MarshayRamone Services may also be linked to sites operated by companies affiliated with MarshayRamone (i.e., that are part of the News America Group: “Affiliated Companies”). Although all Affiliated Companies adhere to the News America corporate Privacy Principles, Users who visit those Affiliated Company sites should still refer to their separate privacy policies and practices, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy.   
MarshayRamone may use cookies and similar tools to customise the content and advertising you receive based on the Profile Information you have provided. Profile Information you provide in structured profile fields or questions (multiple choice questions like “Marital Status,” “Education” and “Children”) (“Structured Profile Information”), information you add to open-ended profile fields and questions (essay questions like “About Me,” “Interests” and “Movies”) (“Non-Structured Profile Information”) and other non-PII about you may also be used to customise the online ads you encounter to those we believe are aligned with your interests. For example, based on your music interests we might display an advertisement to make sure you are advised when your favorite band is coming to town. The information used for this feature does not provide your PII or identify you as an individual to third parties. If you would like to disable advertising customisation for Non-Structured Profile Information, please log in and click here.   
Some of the advertisements that appear on MarshayRamone Services may also be delivered to you by third party Internet advertising companies. These companies utilise certain technologies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect non-PII about your visit to or use of MarshayRamone Services, including information about the ads they display, via a cookie placed on your computer that reads your IP address. To opt out of information collection by these companies, or to obtain information about the technologies they use or their own privacy policies, please click here.   
Third party applications (such as widgets) created by third party developers may also be available on the MarshayRamone Services. Third party applications are small bits of software, often with interactivity, that can be installed into Members’ profiles or shared with other Users. However, MarshayRamone does not control the third party developers, and cannot dictate their actions. When a Member engages with a third party application, that Member is interacting with the third party developer, not with MarshayRamone. MarshayRamone encourages Members not to provide PII to the third party’s application unless the Member knows the party with whom it is interacting.   
CHOICE: MarshayRamone WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH CHOICES ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR PII   
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, MarshayRamone will get your permission before we use the PII you provide to us in a way that is inconsistent with the purpose for which it was submitted or share your PII with third parties that are not affiliated with MarshayRamone.   
USE: MarshayRamone'S USE OF PII   
MarshayRamone will only use the PII you provide under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If MarshayRamone obtains PII from a third party, such as a business partner, our use of that information is also governed by this Privacy Policy.   
In order to locate other MarshayRamone Members that you may already know in the physical world, MarshayRamone allows Users to search for Members using Registration PII (i.e., full name or email address). MarshayRamone also allows Users to browse for certain Profile Information in order to help connect with Members (i.e., schools and/or companies where Users may have attended or worked). MarshayRamone may also enable Members to publicly display some Registration PII as an element of their Profile Information if they choose to do so via a profile setting under “Edit Profile.” Search engines may index the portion of a Member’s profile (including the Profile Information it contains) that is publicly displayed.   
If you have consented to receive promotional materials (e.g., newsletters) or notifications from MarshayRamone, MarshayRamone may periodically use your email address to send you such materials related to the MarshayRamone Services, as applicable. If you want to stop receiving such materials from MarshayRamone, you can change your profile settings under “Account Settings,” or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.   
MarshayRamone employees, agents and contractors must have a business reason to obtain access to your PII. MarshayRamone may share your PII with those who help us manage or provide MarshayRamone Services’ information activities (for example, message board administration, order fulfillment, statistical analyses, data processing), or with outside contractors, agents or sponsors who help us with the administration, judging and prize fulfillment aspects of contests, promotions and sweepstakes.   
These outside contractors, agents or sponsors may temporarily store some information on their servers, but they may only use your PII to provide MarshayRamone with a specific service and not for any other purpose. MarshayRamone may also provide your PII to a third party in those instances where you have chosen to receive certain information and have been notified that the fulfillment of such a request requires the sharing of your PII. MarshayRamone also may share your PII with Affiliated Companies if it has a business reason to do so.   
As described in “Notice” above, MarshayRamone may customise the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the MarshayRamone Website, or may work with outside companies to do so. Your non-PII and/or Profile Information may be shared with these companies so this customisation can be accomplished. MarshayRamone prohibits these companies from sharing your non-PII and/or Profile Information with any third party or from using it for any other purpose. Anonymous click stream, number of page views calculated by pixel tags, and aggregated demographic information may also be shared with MarshayRamone’s advertisers and business partners.   
There may be instances when MarshayRamone may access or disclose PII, Profile Information or non-PII without providing you a choice in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of MarshayRamone, our Affiliated Companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of Users of the MarshayRamone Services or members of the public including acting in urgent circumstances; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with the law or legal process. In addition, if MarshayRamone sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of all or a material part of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, MarshayRamone may transfer your PII to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.   
When a Member who is located in the European Union chooses to post Profile Information that will be publicly disclosed, that Member is responsible for ensuring that such information conforms to all local data protection laws. MarshayRamone is not responsible under the EU local data protection laws for Member-posted information.   
SECURITY: MarshayRamone PROTECTS THE SECURITY OF PII   
MarshayRamone uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard PII and credit card information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorised use, disclosure or modification. In addition, MarshayRamone uses reasonable methods to make sure that PII is accurate, up-to-date and appropriately complete.   
SAFE HARBOUR   
Safe Harbour. MarshayRamone complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbour Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbour Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries. MarshayRamone has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbour Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbour program, and to view our certification page, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/   
Privacy Complaints by EU Citizens: In compliance with the Safe Harbour Principles, MarshayRamone commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. EU citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact MarshayRamone by visiting http://marshayramone.com/contact/ and submitting your question through the Contact MarshayRamone form. 
