> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the religareonline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180513010821id_/http%3A//www.religareonline.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Religare Online

Introduction

RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED and internet-based products hosted at www.religareonline.com, respect your privacy and is committed to protect the personal information that you share with RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED. You can browse through some parts of our website without giving any information about yourself. When we do need your personal information to provide services that you request or when you choose to provide your personal information, this policy describes how we collect and use your personal information.

Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, telephone / mobile number, a home, postal or other physical address, birth date, gender, occupation, PAN No, Aadhar card a valid credit / debit card number, etc., to process payment for products and/or services and such other information when needed to provide a service that you requested.

As you navigate through this site, certain anonymous information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various technologies, such as cookies, Internet tags or web beacons, and navigational data collection (log files, server logs, clickstream). Your internet browser automatically transmits to this site some of this anonymous information, such as the URL of the web site you just came from and the Internet Protocol (IP) address and the browser version your computer is currently using; the date and time you access the site and the pages that you access while at the site. This information is used to help improve the site, analyze trends and administer the site. This site may also collect anonymous information from your computer through cookies and internet tags or web beacons. You may set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent or to refuse cookies altogether, but certain features of this site might not work without cookies. 

RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED collects personal information when you elect to use www.religareonline.com on a free trial basis or purchase / upgrade an account. RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED only uses such information if it has been collected in accordance with acceptable privacy practices consistent with this Policy and applicable laws.

Note: We will give you the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving direct marketing or market research information. This means we assume you have given your consent to collect and use your information in accordance with this Policy unless you take affirmative action to opt out at the point of collection. Opt-out is the means by which you give, or decline to give, your consent to use your personal information for the purposes covered by the opt-out choice. In some cases, when applicable, we will provide you with the opportunity to "opt in". This means we will require your affirmative action to indicate your consent before we use your information for purposes other than the purpose for which it was submitted. 

Cookies and Tracking Technology

A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies save you time, for example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a Site; a cookie recalls your specific information on subsequent visits.

www.religareonline.com also uses cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of our website information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. You may accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies; however you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies.

In addition to cookies, our site uses a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes, which may include web beacons. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of web sites. www.religareonline.com also uses these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our web site, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our web site.

How We Use Information Collected

RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED uses personally identifiable information for several general purposes: to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you'd like to hear about either from RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED or from our business partners, and to better understand your needs and provide you with better services. We may also use your information to send you promotional materials about goods and services (including special offers and promotions) either offered by RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED or offered by third parties. You may opt out of receiving these communications.

In addition, we may share non-identifiable aggregate information about our users (for example, the percentage of male and female visitors to our site) with advertisers, business partners, and other third parties in an effort to customize or enhance the content and advertising on our website for our users.

Information Sharing and Disclosure

Our web site provides you the opportunity to opt-in to receive communications from RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED when you elect to use our software product on a free-trial basis, or purchase / upgrade an account. Further, when you receive the requested communication, you are given the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving any future communication or to change your information. RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED reserves the right to send unsolicited information to the users of free accounts From time to time, portfolio managers and financial advisors may look at your data, if you have requested such advice and explicitly provided permission for individuals to observe your personal and financial data, which is otherwise kept private and protected from human interaction as per the rest of this Privacy Policy. Sale of the Business: Should we sell, merge, or transfer any part of our business, part of the sale may include your personal information. If so, you will have the opportunity to ask not to receive promotional information following any change of control.

We work to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration by using the latest industry-recognized security standards. When you transmit sensitive information to us, such as personal detail or other financial information, it is protected by: 1. A secure Internet connection using secure socket layer (SSL) technology. 2. Encryption during transmission using 128-bit encryption to make your information unreadable as it passes over the Internet. 

Your personal information is protected for your privacy and security. RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED safeguards the security and confidentiality of the data you send with physical, technical, and managerial procedures. Please be aware that, despite out best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit, and so we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser. 

Our website may contain links to websites operated by other companies. Some of these third-party sites may be co-branded with a RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED. Although we choose our business partners carefully, RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED is not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our site. Once you have left our website, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party website to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you.

RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED ensures the privacy of all your data that may be used to identify you such as your personal details as well as all financial and other sensitive data that could be used to link you with your financial information. RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED ensures that there is no interaction by individuals, employees, business partners or suppliers, with your data.

The system may look at the data to obtain information that may be used for better delivery of services and products to you, or for aggregation for better understanding of the RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED community. Such information will be observed by the information system and never by individuals, and will be consistent with the rest of this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions. Such data may be shared with advertisers or business partners or third party vendors but only as an aggregation and not as a means of identifying you personally or linking you with your financial data.

Former Customers: If you are a former customer, we treat your information in the same manner that we treat information about our current customers.

Although, we take appropriate steps to maintain the security of Personal Information we collect from you. But you must understand that the open nature of the Internet is such that data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended. RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED assumes no responsibility of whatsoever nature as to make good the losses and damages you may incur, due to privacy and/or security breach of your Personal Information.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED will amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will make that information available by posting a notice on this site. 

RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. If you believe that RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED has not adhered to this privacy statement, please contact RELIGARE BROKING LIMITED by email at wecare@religareonline.com, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem, if any.
