> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the relocateeasily.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521010155id_/http%3A//www.relocateeasily.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# RelocateEasily.com | Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy 

            This Privacy policy is subject to the terms of the Site Policy (User agreement) of RelocateEasily. This policy is effective from the date and time a user registers with RelocateEasily by filling up the Registration form and accepting the terms and conditions laid out in the Site Policy.

            In order to provide a personalized browsing experience, RelocateEasily may collect personal information from you. Additionally some of our websites may require you to complete a registration form or seek some information from you. When you let us have your preferences, we will be able to deliver or allow you to access the most relevant information that meets your end.

            To extend this personalized experience RelocateEasily may track the IP address of a user's computer and save certain information on your system in the form of cookies. A user has the option of accepting or declining the cookies of this website by changing the settings of your browser.

            The personal information provided by the users to Relocateeasily will not be provided to third parties without previous consent of the user concerned. Information of a general nature may however be revealed to external parties.

            Personal Information will be kept confidential and will be used for our research, marketing, and strategic client analysis objectives and other internal business purposes only. We do not share, sell or rent Personal Information except that in case you are a customer of our houseful services through any of the Media, your Personal Information shall be shared with our subscribers/advertisers and you shall be deemed to have given consent to the same. Information of a general nature may however be revealed to external parties.

            Every effort will be made to keep the information provided by users in a safe manner, the information will be displayed on the website will be done so only after obtaining consent from the users. Any user browsing the site generally is not required to disclose his identity or provide any information about him/her; it is only at the time of registration you will be required to furnish the details in the registration form.

            A full user always has the option of not providing the information which is not mandatory. You are solely responsible for maintaining confidentiality of the User password and user identification and all activities and transmission performed by the User through his user identification and shall be solely responsible for carrying out any online or off-line transaction involving credit cards / debit cards or such other forms of instruments or documents for making such transactions and City Synapse assumes no responsibility or liability for their improper use of information relating to such usage of credit cards / debit cards used by the subscriber online / off-line.

            You agree that City Synapse may use personal information about you to improve its marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve the Site's content and product offerings, and customize the Site's content, layout, and services. These uses improve the Site and better tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with a smooth, efficient, safe and customized experience while using the Site.

            You agree that City Synapse may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Site. By accepting the User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications in your profile. You may make changes to your profile at any time. It is the belief of City Synapse that privacy of a person can be best guaranteed by working in conjunction with the Law enforcement authorities.

            You acknowledge that you are disclosing Personal Information voluntarily. Prior to the completion of any registration process on our website or prior to availing of any services offered on our website if you wish not to disclose any Personal Information you may refrain from doing so; however if you don't provide information that is requested it is possible that the registration process would be incomplete and/or you would not be able to avail of the our services.

            All City Synapse websites including RelocateEasily fully comply with all Indian Laws applicable. City Synapse has always cooperated with all law enforcement inquires. City Synapse may disclose all or part of your personal details in response to a request from the law enforcement authorities or in a case of bonafide requirement to prevent an imminent breach of the law.

            If we change our privacy policy, we will prominently post a link to those changes on our Homepage so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by way of an email. We will give you a choice as to whether or not we can use information in this different manner and act accordingly.
