> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 4hunnid.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161127154032id_/http%3A//4hunnid.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – 4HUNNID

We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.   
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.  
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites.  
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.  
YG400 works with AdRoll retargeting, who uses technology including web beacons and cookies to collect data about our website usage and to improve the effectiveness of our marketing. Data recorded through the use of this technology is aggregated and shared with us. No personally identifiable information about you is collected or shared by AdRoll with YG400. You can opt-out of AdRoll and their partners by visiting this line. 
