> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yooco.org privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140401001242id_/http%3A//www.yooco.org/datenschutz.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Yooco.org

The protection of your privacy is very important for us and we strictly adhere to the rules of data protection acts. On this website personal data is collected for technical purposes only. This information sure will not be sold or otherwise transferred to third parties.

The following statement provides an overview of how we ensure this protection and what kind of data is collected for what purpose.

**Data processing on this website**

This community collects and automatically saves Log Files information in its server which your browser transfers to us. These are:

  * Browser type / -version
  * used operating system
  * Referrer URL (site visited before)
  * Host name of the accessing computer (IP address)
  * Time of server request.



These data can be assigned to for us unspecific people. There won't be a compilation of these data with other data sources and these data will be deleted after a statistical analysis.

**Cookies**

In some spots our websites use some so-called cookies. They serve to make our service more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called session cookies. They are automatically deleted after the end of your visit. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses.

**Personal data**

During the registration process you will be asked to provide personal information such as your name and birth date. These data is needed to create an individual profile for the contact to other users. The data do not have to be true. Your zip code and email address can not be seen by other users. Of course, these data will not be transferred or sold to third parties. 

**Right for information**

You always have the right to receive information regarding your personal data, its origin and destination and the purpose of storage. The privacy commissioner can give you information about the stored data at the following email address:  

**Further information**

Your trust is important for us. Because of that we want to be there for you for questions about your personal data at any time. If you have further questions or if you would like to have further information about a certain issue, please contact our data protection officer. Email address:  

**Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies" which are text files that are stored on your computer to help analyze the use of the website. The information about your use of this website generated by the cookie(including your IP address) is sent to a Google server in the U.S. and is also stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other website use and internet use related services. In addition, Google may also transfer this information to third parties, unless required by law or if third parties process the information on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by changing the settings on your browser. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described above.

**Facebook**

This site uses the so-called "Like" button of Facebook Ireland Limited. With this button you will have the opportunity to show your friends on Facebook that you like this website. If you visit a page which uses the "Like" button, the same data is transmitted to Facebook, which would be transferred if you go directly to www.facebook.com. These are the following data:

  * IP address
  * Browser type / -version and used operating system
  * Referrer URL (site visited before)
  * Host name of the accessing computer (IP address)
  * Screen resolution
  * Installed Plugins (such as Flash)



You can prevent the transmission of this data, if you customize the security settings of your browser so that the use of so-called "iFrames" is prohibited. How this works, you can see in the "Help" section of your browser.
