> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yoox.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190315044458id_/https%3A//www.yoox.com/us/Legal/Privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY

**Your Privacy**

Welcome to our website yoox.com/us (the “US Site”).  
For YNAP Corporation (“YOOX USA”) your privacy and the security of your personal data are very important; thus, we collect and manage your personal data with the utmost attention and we take specific measures to ensure their safety.  
Below you shall find the information on the processing by YOOX USA of your personal data, relating to your browsing and the use of the services offered by yoox.com/us. For detailed information on how YOOX USA processes your personal data, please read our Privacy Notice.  
You are also requested to read the "[General Terms of Use](https://www.yoox.com/Legal/UseTerms)" of yoox.com/us website, and "[Myoox Terms and Conditions of Use](https://www.yoox.com/Legal/UseTermsMyoox)", which contain detailed information regarding the conditions of our services. Some services may be subject to specific legal terms, in which case we will provide you with all the relevant information from time to time.

**Who is the Data Controller?**  
Below is the main information on the processing of your personal data performed by YNAP Corporation, a Delaware corporation having an address at 100 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10011 (“YOOX USA”), as Data Controller.  
YOOX USA is a subsidiary of YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP S.p.A., an Italian company having an address at Via Morimondo, 17, 20143 Milano, Italy ("YOOX Italy").  
For any clarification, question or requirement related to your privacy and the processing of your personal data you can contact us at any time by sending a request to our [Customer Care](http://help.yoox.com/system/web/custom/hp/email.jsp) by selecting "privacy", by calling 1-800-795-6087 or by writing to the address of YOOX USA.

**What data we process and why**  
The personal data that YOOX USA collects is that provided by you to us when finalizing an order and purchasing goods, and those that we collect as you browse or use the services offered by yoox.com/us. YOOX USA can collect data about you, such as personal details like name and surname, shipping and billing address, browsing data and your purchase habits.  
Your Personal Data will be processed for the following purposes:  
\- conclude and execute the purchase contract for the articles offered on yoox.com/us;  
\- provide you with the services of yoox.com/us such as subscription to the newsletter;  
\- allow registration to the US Site and use of services reserved for registered users;  
\- manage your requests to our Customer Service.  
In the aforementioned cases, the processing of your personal data is legitimate as it is necessary to execute a contract with you or to provide you with the service you have specifically requested.  
We also conduct statistical surveys and analyzes with data in aggregate form to understand how users interact with and use the US Site, to improve our offer and our services.  
Only with your express consent, however, we process your personal data to:  
\- perform commercial and promotional communication activities;  
\- customize the US Site and the commercial offers based on your interests.

**Who will process your data?**  
Your personal data is processed by duly trained YOOX USA staff in capacity of Data Controller, and YOOX Italy as Data Processor. For organizational and functional needs related to the provision of services on yoox.com/us, moreover, your data could be processed by our suppliers. The latter have been evaluated and chosen by YOOX USA for their proven reliability and competence. Some of these subjects may also be based in non-EU countries and, in these cases, the transfer of your personal data in these countries is performed in compliance with the guarantees provided by law.

**How long do we keep your data?**  
We keep your personal data for a limited period of time, depending on the purpose for which it was collected, at the end of which your personal data will be deleted or otherwise rendered anonymous in an irreversible way. The retention period is different depending on the purpose of the processing: for example, the data collected during the purchase of goods on yoox.com/us are processed until the conclusion of all administrative and accounting formalities, and is, therefore, stored in accordance with local tax legislation (ten years); those used to send you our newsletter are kept until you ask to stop receiving it.  
For further information, please see our Privacy Policy.

**What are your rights?**  
At any time, depending on the specific processing, you can: withdraw your consent to data processing; know what are your personal data in our possession, their origin and how they are used; request the update, correction or integration as well, in the cases provided for by the current provisions, the cancellation, the limitation of processing or oppose to their processing. If you wish, you can request to receive personal data in possession of YOOX USA that concern you in a format readable by electronic devices and, where technically possible, we can transfer your data directly to a third party indicated by you.

This policy may undergo changes and additions over time, so we invite you to periodically check its contents. Where possible, we will try to inform you promptly of any changes made.

**Privacy Policy**

**1\. General Information**  
Who is the Data Controller?  
YNAP Corporation, a Delaware corporation having an address at 100 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10011 (“YOOX USA”), is the Data Controller, the subject who decides how and why to process your personal data.  
YOOX USA is a subsidiary of YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP S.p.A., an Italian company having an address at Via Morimondo, 17, 20143 Milano, Italy ("YOOX Italy").  
You can always contact YOOX USA in writing to the above address, calling 1-800-795-6087 or writing to our [Customer Care](http://help.yoox.com/system/web/custom/hp/email.jsp) and selecting “privacy”.  
**2\. What personal data do we collect?**  
The categories of personal data that YOOX USA collects and treats when you browse or purchase on yoox.com/us are as follows:  
a) We collect the personal data required to conclude and execute your purchase on yoox.com/us such as your name, email address, shipping address, billing address, phone number and payment details;  
b) We collect your e-mail address when you sign up for our newsletter service;  
c) We process the personal data you provide us when you contact our Customer Care to request assistance;  
d) With your prior consent, we collect your personal data for marketing purposes;  
e) For the registration of your Myoox account, we collect your name and surname, your e-mail address, password and your date of birth. If you are a registered user, we collect information about your access to the reserved area of the US Site. Subject to your express consent, and through the analysis of your personal data, we process information about your interests and preferences relating to our products and services, in order to customize the US Site and the commercial offers based on your interests. In case of authentication to the Myoox account through external social networks, we collect from these third parties the data necessary for registration/authentication through Facebook, and through Google. We collect information about you also from third parties and, in particular, from Facebook and Google. This information includes the following data categories: e-mail address.  
f) We collect information about your browsing on yoox.com/us, such as the pages you visit and how you interact with the single page and we save this information on our servers.  
g) In the event that you provide YOOX USA with personal data of third parties, for example if you decide to buy a product to be delivered to a friend, or to send it as a gift, YOOX USA will arrange to deliver the privacy policy to the third party at the time of the first communication. We remind you that the use of personal data of third parties is subject to the discipline regarding the protection of personal data.  
We inform you that YOOX USA does not process personal data relating to minors. If you access yoox.com/us and use the services offered by YOOX USA you declare that you are of legal age.  
**3.  How do we use the personal data collected?**  
YOOX collects and processes your personal data for the following purposes: a) to conclude and execute the purchase contract for the products offered on yoox.com. When you complete your purchase, we ask you for the personal data required for the execution of the contract, such as payment, anti-fraud checks if you choose to pay by credit or debit card, billing, product shipping and any management of returns. b) registration on the Site and use of the services offered to registered users. Registration on the Site is possible by entering certain personal information, which is necessary to ensure your identification and the performance of services offered to registered users. c) provision of the services offered on yoox.com and the App. For this purpose, and in relation to each service and its characteristics, YOOX needs to collect the personal data necessary for the performance of the service that you have requested. d) management of requests to our Customer Service department, which uses the personal data you provide to manage your requests for information and assistance. e) sending resumes. If you send us your resume to be considered for an open position of employment, we will use the information contained in your resume exclusively for this purpose. Your CV will be kept for a maximum period of six months, after which it will be deleted: if desired, you can send us a new updated version. f) statistical analysis and surveys. We use some information on your use of the Site to perform statistical analyses and surveys in order to improve our offering and services; g) sending commercial and promotional communications following the purchase of one of our products, so-called "soft spam". Following the purchase of one of our products on the Site, we will send communications containing our business proposals and related products and services to the e-mail address that you have provided. h) subject to your express consent, we may use the contact details you have provided for commercial communications on our products and services, to update you on news, new arrivals, exclusive products, our offers and promotions. In addition, and always with your consent, we will be able to use your contact information as part of market research and surveys for determining customer satisfaction in order to improve our services and relationships with our users. These communications will take place exclusively by means of the methods you have chosen (via e-mail, SMS, telephone, paper mail, Whatsapp). i) only with your consent, YOOX will be able to personalize your experience as a registered user on yoox.com, offering advance notice and offers in line with your tastes and sending you commercial communications tailored to your interests. These communications will only take place in the manner that you have selected (via e-mail, SMS, telephone, paper mail, Whatsapp). Personalization will take place by analyzing your previous purchases and other information described in the paragraph "What personal data do we collect?". For more information on this data and the activity that allows it to be processed, please see the paragraph "Your Myoox profile". Should you wish to authorize the activities referred to in points h) and i) and subsequently do not wish to receive further communications from YOOX, or would like to limit the manner in which to be contacted, you may stop these communications at any time by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each communication, by accessing your Myoox account, contacting YOOX by calling 800 780243 or by contacting our Customer Service area and selecting "privacy", or by writing to the address above. We hereby inform you that you may receive additional communications from us even after submitting your unsubscription request, as some communications may have already been scheduled, and our systems may take some time to process your request. In relation to all of the activities mentioned above, we will process your personal data mainly through IT and electronic tools; the tools we use guarantee high safety standards,and are in full compliance with current legislation.  
**4\. Your Myoox profile**  
As part of your Myoox account, we offer you the possibility to use the following services:  
• My orders: Track the shipping of your orders, change or return items that are not for you and see the history of your orders.  
• Dream Box: Save the items you wish and watch for their availability.  
• Secret Preview: Preview the new arrivals every week.  
• Moneyoox: Choose the simplest and fastest refund method for the items you want to return. Use the virtual credit for your upcoming orders.  
• Premiere: Save your searches while shopping and stay updated on new arrivals of the items that interest you most.  
• My Data: Manage your registration data.  
• My Addresses: Save or change your addresses to have them always at hand and complete your purchases faster.  
• My Cards: Save or change your card information and complete your orders faster and always safely.  
• My Sizes: Create your personal profile and only pick products in your perfect size.  
With your express consent YOOX USA will customize your experience and the contents of the commercial communications and offers that you will see when you browse on yoox.com/us as a registered user, based on your interests. This activity facilitates your search for products and services tailored for you and that might interest you, and at the same time allows us to improve our offer for you. The customization is made possible by the analysis of your personal information in our possession, described in the previous section “What personal data do we collect?”. In particular, the information on purchases you have made in the past and those relating to the sections of the US Site you visit most often or the services you use most often help us to understand what products and services you are most interested in.  
To ensure that the information we have is correct and allow us to carry out the activities aforementioned, we invite you to access the “My profile” section of your Myoox and, if you deem it necessary, to update them.  
**5\. Cookies**  
YOOX USA uses automatic systems of data collection, such as cookies. A cookie is a device transmitted to the hard drive of an Internet user. While cookies do not contain intelligible information, they allow us to link an Internet user to personal information provided by such user through the US Site. Cookies are disseminated by our servers and no one may gain access to the information contained therein. Only YOOX USA processes information collected by cookies, in a collective and anonymous way, in order to optimize its services and the US Site for the needs and preferences of its users.  
We disseminate cookies in connection with functions such as browsing the catalogue, purchasing products on-line and supplying "MYOOX" services.  
As you may know, each Internet browser allows the deletion of cookies after each session. Your Internet browser contains instructions on how to carry out these procedures of deletion. Please access the appropriate instructions section on your Internet browser if you wish to delete cookies.  
Your acceptance of our automatic procedures of collection of data and the use of cookies is necessary to take advantage of many features and services offered by the US Site, including the purchase of products. If you set your browser to block or delete cookies, we cannot guarantee that you will have access to all the features and services offered by the US Site (for example, your computer may not be able to display the image of the product you are in the process of purchasing).  
You can easily activate the “Do Not Track Signal” by accessing the DNT instructions section of your browser through the following links:  
IE: <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17288/windows-internet-explorer-11-use-do-not-track>  
Safari: [https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21416?locale=en_US](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17288/windows-internet-explorer-11-use-do-not-track)  
Chrome: [https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/2790761?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/2790761?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en)  
Firefox: <https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-do-i-turn-do-not-track-feature>  
**6.  Legal basis of processing activities**  
We only process your personal data in the presence of one of the conditions provided for by applicable law, and specifically: a) for the conclusion and execution of a contract of which you are a party. When we process your data for the conclusion of the purchase contract of which you are a party, we ensure that we only use the minimum information necessary for its execution. This basis legitimizes the processing of personal data, which takes place in the following activities: - conclusion and execution of a purchase contract for the products offered on yoox.com; - registration on the Website and use of services reserved for registered users; - provision of services offered on yoox.com and the App; - management of your requests by our Customer Service department. The provision of your personal data for these activities is a contractual obligation. You have the choice to provide your data, however without the data requested it will not be possible to conclude or execute the contract and/or your requests. This means that you will not be able to purchase products, you will not be able to use YOOX services, and YOOX will not be able to process your requests; b) to comply with a legal obligation. In the event of conclusion of a contract for the purchase of goods on yoox.com, the processing of the User's data will take place in order to fulfill the legal obligations to which YOOX is held in accordance with tax provisions and other regulations to which YOOX is subject. You are free to decide whether to conclude a contract and disclose your data; if you conclude a contract, your data will be required and processed to give effect to the aforementioned legal obligations to which YOOX is held to comply. The processing of resumes received, which is carried out to evaluate candidates with respect to a job position at YOOX, is legitimate as it is expressly authorized by law, which specifies the consent of the person to whom personal data refer. You are free to send us your resume; failing that we will not be able to evaluate your candidacy for a job position at YOOX; c) for our legitimate interest. Some of your personal data may be processed to carry out anti-fraud activities in the event of the purchase of products on yoox.com by credit or debit card: we have a legitimate interest in carrying out this activity in order to prevent and prosecute any fraudulent activity. For internal administrative purposes, data may be processed by companies belonging to the YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP. d) based on your consent. We will carry out the following processing activities only if you have given us your express consent: • performance of marketing activities, opinion polls and market research; • analysis of your browsing and consumption habits in the use of your Myoox profile, in order to personalize your experience on our site. The provision of your personal data for these activities is voluntary. You are under no obligation to provide us with your data for these purposes, but without it, it will not be possible for YOOX to carry out marketing activities, opinion polls and market research, or analyze your habits.  
**7\. Who will process your data?**  
Your personal data will be processed by YOOX USA internal staff specifically trained and authorized for this purpose. In the performance of the processing, the data may also be transmitted to YOOX Italy with headquarters in Via Morimondo, 17, 20143 Milano, Italy, who has been appointed Data Processor for the processing performed on behalf of YOOX USA.  
Your personal data will also be transmitted to third parties that we use to provide our services; these subjects have been adequately selected and offer a guarantee of compliance with the rules on the processing of personal data. These persons have been appointed as data controllers and carry out their activities according to the instructions given by YOOX USA and under its control.  
The third parties in question belong to the following categories: banking operators, Internet providers, companies specialized in IT and telematic services; couriers; companies that carry out marketing activities; companies specialized in market research and data processing.  
Your data may be transmitted to police and judicial and administrative authorities, in accordance with the law, for the detection and prosecution of crimes, the prevention and protection from threats to public security, to allow YOOX USA to ascertain, exercise or defend a right in court, as well as for other reasons related to the protection of the rights and freedoms of others.  
**8.  APP Version of the Website**  
In addition to the data referred to in the paragraph "What personal data do we collect?", when you use the App version of our Website, YOOX may: a) with your express consent, collect personal data in the marketing activity, in order to send push notifications on your device. You can disable push notification at any time by changing your choice from the settings of your mobile device; b) upon your express consent, collect information in an automated manner, such as data relating to your traffic and use of the App or IP address, in order to improve our product and service offering;  
c) to use the service, collect the information you wish to provide us with, such as your photo and sizes of clothing and accessories. We will retain this information until you decide to delete the profiles that you created yourself or do not require the cancellation of your Myoox account.  
**9\. Web push notification**  
Depending on which device you use, you may receive, upon giving your consent, push notifications regarding our offers, new items, your wish list and your cart.  
To deactivate notifications, depending on the platform and/or browser used, follow the steps listed below:  
\- Desktop: Right-click on notification > disable notifications from www.yoox.com/us  
\- Mobile: Access the notification center > Site parameters > Notifications > Block notifications from www.yoox.com/us  
\- Common browsers:

• Chrome: Settings > Show Advanced Settings > Privacy – Content Settings > Notifications - Manage exceptions > Enter www.yoox.com/us and select “Block”  
• Firefox: Options > Content > Notifications – Select > www.yoox.com/us – “Block”  
• Safari: Preferences > Notifications > From here select "Deny"

  
**10\. Transfer of the data**  
Some of the third parties listed in the previous paragraph “Who will process your data?” may be located in countries outside the European Union which, nevertheless, offer an adequate level of data protection, as established by specific decisions of the European Commission. (<http://www.garanteprivacy.it/home/provvedimenti-normativa/normativa/normativa-comunitaria-e-intenazionale/trasferimento-dei-dati-verso-paesi-terzi#1>).  
The transfer of your personal data to countries that do not belong to the European Union and that do not ensure adequate levels of protection will be performed only after conclusion between YOOX USA and said subjects of specific agreements, containing safeguard clauses and appropriate safeguards for the protection of your data personal so-called "standard model clauses", also approved by the European Commission, or if the transfer is necessary to the conclusion and execution of a contract between you and YOOX USA (for the purchase of goods offered on our US Site, for registration on the US Site or the use of services on the US Site) or for the management of your requests.  
**11\. For how long do we keep your data?**  
We keep your personal data for a limited period of time; depending on the type of activity that involves the processing of your personal data.  
After this period, your data will be permanently erased or otherwise rendered anonymous in an irreversible way.  
Your personal data is stored in compliance with the terms and criteria specified below:  
a) Data collected to conclude and execute contracts for the purchase of goods on yoox.com/us: Until the administrative and accounting formalities have been met. The billing data will be kept for ten years from the date of the invoice;  
b) The data of the registered User: The data will be stored until you request cancellation of your Myoox profile;  
c) Payment data: Until payment certification and the conclusion of its administrative and accounting formalities resulting from the expiration of the right of withdrawal and the terms applied for contesting the payment;  
d) Data collected in the context of the use of services offered on yoox.com/us to the user: these data are retained until the termination of service or cancellation of the subscription to the service by the user;  
e) Data related to the requests of the users to our customer service: The useful data to assist you will be kept until the fulfillment of your request;  
f) CV: For six months from receipt;  
g) Data used for commercial communication activities towards users who purchase products on yoox.com/us (soft spam): These data are kept until the termination of service or the exercise of the opposition by cancellation by the user;  
h) Data provided for commercial communications activities, opinion polls and market research: Until the request to interrupt the activity and in any case within 2 years from the last interaction of any kind of user with YOOX USA;  
i) Data used to personalize the US Site and to show customized commercial offers: As long as the user does not request the cessation of the activity and in any case within two years from the last interaction of any kind of user with YOOX USA;  
j) Data used for conducting market research and surveys for the detection of satisfaction: As long as the User does not request the termination of the activity.  
In any case, for technical reasons, the termination of the processing and the subsequent cancellation or irreversible anonymisation of the related personal data will be final within thirty days of the terms indicated above.  
**12\. Children’s rights**  
YOOX USA does not sell products or services for purchase by children, but by adults. If you are under 18, you may use the US Site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. In accordance with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), yoox.com/us does not knowingly collect, solicit or use personal data of children under the age of 13 provided without parental consent, and will delete any such data should we become aware that a user under the age of 13 has registered without verifiable parental consent. Therefore, if you are not 18 years or older, you are not authorized to use our US Site.  
**13\. Rights of California residents**  
Pursuant to California Civil Code Sec. 1789.3, California resident users are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with the California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, STE 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814. For more information about protecting your privacy, you may wish to visit: www.ftc.gov.  
If you are a resident of California, you may request that we not share your information with certain affiliates or third parties providers for marketing purposes, and/or you may inquire as to how we have shared your information with third parties providers for marketing purposes. In connection with such request, we will identify the types of information shared and provide you with the names and addresses of the third parties with whom the information was shared. Please contact our Customer care through the appropriate form selecting “Privacy” as the topic on our contact form.  
**14\. Your rights**  
At any time you can exercise the rights with reference to the specific processing of your personal data by YOOX USA. Find below their general description and how to practice them.  
a) Access your data and modify it: you have the right to access your personal data and to request that they be correct, modified or integrated with other information. If you wish, we will provide you with a copy of your data in our possession.  
b) Revoke your consent: You can revoke at any time a consent you have given for the processing of your personal data in relation to any activity for marketing purposes. In this regard, we remind you that marketing activities are considered the sending of commercial and promotional communications, the conduct of market research and surveys for the detection of satisfaction for the customization of the US Site and commercial offers according to your interests. Upon receipt of your request, we will promptly cease the processing your personal data based on this consent, while different processings or based on other conditions will continue to be carried out in full compliance with the provisions in force.  
c) Opposing the processing of your data: You have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, explaining the reasons that justify your request; before accepting it, YOOX USA will have to assess the reasons for your request.  
d) Delete your data: In the cases provided for by current legislation you can request the deletion of your personal data. Upon receipt and assessment of your request and, if legitimate, it will be our care to cease timely processing and delete your personal data.  
e) Request that the processing of your personal data is temporarily limited: In this case, YOOX USA will continue to keep your personal data but will not process it, unless it is subject to your different request and the exceptions established by law. You can get the limitation of processing when you dispute the accuracy of your personal data, when the processing is unlawful but you oppose to the deletion of your data, when your data is no longer relevant for anymore but you need to exercise your right in court and when you oppose your processing, in the period in which we evaluate the reasons for your request.  
f) Request your data or transfer it to a person other than YOOX USA ("right to data portability"). You may request to receive your data that we process based on your consent or on the basis of a contract with you in a standard format. If you wish, and where technically possible, we can, upon request, transfer your data directly to a third party of your choice.  
In order to exercise some of your rights aforementioned you can access your Myoox account, or alternatively, you can contact us by calling 1-800-795-6087, or by writing to our [Customer Care](http://help.yoox.com/system/web/custom/hp/email.jsp) and selecting “privacy”, or by writing to the address of the data controller aforementioned.  
In order to ensure that the data of our users is not infringed or illegitimately used by third parties, we will request you for some information to be sure of your identity before accepting your request to exercise one of the rights indicated.  
**15\. Security measures**  
We protect your personal data with specific technical and organizational security measures, aimed at preventing your personal data from being used illegitimately or fraudulently. In particular, we use security measures that guarantee: the pseudonymisation or the encryption of your data; the confidentiality, integrity, availability of your data as well as the resilience of the systems and services that process them; the ability to restore data in the event of a data breach. Furthermore, YOOX USA undertakes to test, verify and regularly evaluate the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures in order to guarantee the continuous improvement in the safety of processings.  
**16\. Claims**  
If you believe that the processing of your personal data has been unlawfully done, you can file a complaint with the competent authority regarding the protection of personal data in your country. We also inform you that, according to the European legislation to which the Data Processor of Italy is subject, you can also contact the Italian Data Protection Authority. Further information on how to file a claim is available on the site of the Italian Data Protection Authority, at [http://www.garanteprivacy.it](http://www.garanteprivacy.it/).  
**17\. Changes to the present policy**  
The constant evolution of our services may involve changes in the characteristics of the processing of your personal data described up to now. Consequently, this privacy notice may be subject to changes and additions over time, which may also be necessary with regard to new regulatory measures regarding the protection of personal data.  
We request of you, therefore, to periodically check the contents: where possible, we will try to inform you promptly about the changes made and their consequences  
The updated version of the privacy notice, in any case, will be published on this page, with indication of the date of its last update.  
**18\. Legislative references and useful links**  
The processing of your personal data is performed by YOOX USA, which also uses the Data Processor YOOX Italy processing, which, having its registered office in the EU, is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (UE) 2016/679, the rules on the processing of personal data and Italian measures of the Italian Data Protection Authority ([http://www.garanteprivacy.it](http://www.garanteprivacy.it/)).

  
Last update 12/05/2018.
