> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the johngreedjewellery.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140523200915id_/http%3A//www.johngreedjewellery.com/en/uk/legal/privacy-policy/page/securityandprivacy%23privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy at John Greed Jewellery

We are committed to protecting your privacy. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our customers. Parliament has created specific offences for unauthorised actions against computer systems and data. We will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible.

## Confidentiality

Client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party other than our manufacturers/ suppliers and if legally required to do so by the appropriate authorities. The customer has the right to request sight of and copies of any and all records we keep, on the provision that we are given seven days notice of such a request. Customers are requested to retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services such as invoices. We will not sell, share or rent your personal information to any third party or use your email address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by the Company will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.

## Log Files

We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track users movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/ open mail, URL requested and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within this company on a need to know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit permission.

## Cookies

How we use cookies A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. 

## Controlling Your Personal Information

You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.

If you do not wish us to contact you via email for direct marketing purposes, you can unsubscribe by writing to John Greed Jewellery Ltd, Office Suites 1 & 2, Firth Road Business Park, Firth Road, Lincoln, LN6 7AA, United Kingdom or emailing us at **[customerservices@johngreedjewellery.com](mailto:customerservices@johngreedjewellery.com)** or by calling **0845 319 0008**.

We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998 however, a small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to John Greed Jewellery LTD, Office Suites 1 & 2, Firth Road Business Park, Firth Road, Lincoln, LN6 7AA, United Kingdom. If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
