> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vacationpackagestogo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-01-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110123124545id_/http%3A//www.vacationpackagestogo.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Discounted Hotels, Resorts Vacation Packages | vacationpackagestogo.com

vacationpackagestogo.com (Vacationpackagestogo) respects the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognizes the importance of protecting the information collected about you. We have adopted a corporate-wide Online Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use the information you provide.

Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by Vacationpackagestogo or its subsidiaries, and not to web sites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link. This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are "clicking" to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours. Furthermore, from time to time, Vacationpackagestogo may employ third parties who may collect personal information on behalf of Vacationpackagestogo. In such cases, such third parties will be instructed by Vacationpackagestogo to comply with the Vacationpackagestogo Privacy Policy as set forth herein.

**What information is collected?**  
Vacationpackagestogo only collects personal information from our online visitors on a voluntary basis. Personal information collected from our "Get a Quote" form may include your name, e-mail address, phone number, home address and information that will be helpful to our agents in providing you with the service you are requesting from us. The "Contact Us" form allows the customer a quicker means of communication with our agents. Customers will be contacted by one of our agents in agreement with the customers' request via email or telephone. Log files are also collected such as IP addresses, ISP and browser type. Log files are collected for internal marketing purposes and are not linked to a user's personal information.

**What happens to the information provided?**  
When you contact Vacationpackagestogo online site, you will be asked to provide personally identifying information. The information you provide will allow us to alert you to special offers, upgrade travel opportunities, time sensitive information, contests and events of interest. This will be sent via email. Users may opt-out of receiving these communications; see the opt-out section below. None of the information we collect is shared with outside parties. Finally, we may use your personal information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can consistently improve our sites to better meet our visitors' needs.

Opt-out provision when we first collect information about you, we will offer you the opportunity to opt-out of having any communication sent to you other than what is necessary for us to fulfill your travel requirements. (Except to the extent required by law, court order, or as requested by other government or law enforcement authority.) In addition, if you do not want Vacationpackagestogo to send you e-mail or postal mail about our products and services, you can opt-out at the time of registration or information collection. If, at a later date, you choose to have your name removed from our database, you can do so by sending e-mail to [contact@Vacationpackagestogo.com](mailto:contact@vacationpackagestogo.com).

Safeguarding your personally identifiable information we will only collect personally identifiable information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes, and we will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information you have provided. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any data will provide sufficient protection of that personal information.
