> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vacationtimesharerentals.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-04-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030409160722id_/http%3A//www.vacationtimesharerentals.com/privacy_policy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Vacation Timeshare Rentals : Privacy Policy : Timeshares : Rental

The VacationTimeshareRentals.com website is maintained by Vacation Timeshare Rentals, LLC, located and under the jurisdiction of laws in the State of Oklahoma, USA.

 **How Vacation Timeshare Rentals uses information provided by you:** This site does not collect personally identifying information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. A user's personally identifiable information will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties. Personal information is gathered from the registration process for subscription to membership in the VacationTimeshareRentals.com Member area (My Timeshare). Vacation Timeshare Rentals, LLC will always provide an option when users submit personally identifiable information for such site activities as surveys, polls, contests, sweepstakes, etc. 

Vacation Timeshare Rentals, LLC reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site. 

Optional demographic analysis is performed from time to time. This will never be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties. We perform this analysis for two reasons. First, it helps us to have a better understanding of our members' lifestyles which is essential in our committed effort to negotiate offers from sponsors and partners on your behalf. Second, it allows Vacation Timeshare Rentals, LLC to customize our planned events to suit our members' interests in the best possible way.  We will never sell your email address or otherwise make it available to other parties.  All personal information is kept private and secure, unless you decide to make it available in your timeshare rental listing.

**Cookies -**   Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make web surfing easier for you by saving your passwords, usernames, and preferences while you're at our site. The use of cookies is an industry standard-you'll find them at nearly every major website. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent, however, the sign-up process of VacationTimeshareRentals.com as well as the "My Timeshare" log-in process will not function properly if you do so. We recommend setting your browser to accept cookies while at VacationTimeshareRentals.com.

Additionally, no individual's email can ever be seen while at the VacationTimeshareRentals.com website.  All initial contacts to you from the traveler are done through a "Contact Form."  Phone numbers are only displayed  in listings if you choose to do such during the listing process. Vacation Timeshare Rentals, LLC prides itself on keeping your information as private as possible, enabling you to continue your day to day routines without being hassled by third party offers. 

No part of the VacationTimeshareRentals.com website, listings, or database may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, transmitted in any form or in any language, by any means, electronic, mechanical or otherwise.

The foregoing policies are effective as of March, 9th 2003. Vacation Timeshare Rentals, LLC reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. 
