> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vacationsmadeeasy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051212031632id_/http%3A//www.vacationsmadeeasy.com/privacyPolicy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Vacations Made Easy Disclaimers

VacationsMadeEasy.com created this Web Site Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") in order to ensure the confidence of visitors and customers of our web site (the "Site"), and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. 

**Types of Information Collected.**

_Traffic Data Collected_. We automatically track and collect the following information when you visit our Site, including your: (i) IP address; (ii) domain server; (iii) type of computer; (iv) type of web browser; and (v) other types of anonymous electronic data automatically generated by the computer system, (collectively "Traffic Data"). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site. We also use "cookies" to customize content specific to your interests and to store certain information so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site. 

_Personal Information Collected_. In order for you to access certain premium services and to purchase products that we offer via the Site, we require you to provide us with information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information may include: (i) Contact Data (such as your name, mailing and e-mail addresses); (ii) Financial Data (such as your account or credit card number); and (iii) Demographic Data (such as your zip code, age and income). If you communicate with us by e-mail, or complete online forms, surveys or contest entries, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information. 

**Uses of Personal Information Collected.** We may use Contact Data to send you information about our company or our products or services, or promotional material from some of our partners, or to contact you when necessary. We use your Financial Data to verify your qualifications for certain products or services and to bill you for products and services. We use your Demographic Data to customize and tailor your experience on the Site, displaying content that we think you might be interested in and according to your preferences. **Please note, this Site is not designed for nor intended for use by anyone under the age of 18 and we will not knowingly collect nor share Personal Information on Site users under the age of 18.**

**Sharing of Personal Information.** We may share Demographic Data with advertisers and other third parties only on an aggregate basis. We may share Contact Data with other companies who may want to send you information about their products or services. If you do not want us to share your Contact Data with any third parties, please email us at VacationsMadeEasy.com to notify us that you do not want your Contact Data shared with any third party. 

**User Choice Regarding Collection, Use and Distribution of Personal Information.** You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use much of the Site; however you will not be able to access and use those portions of the Site that require your Personal Information. 

**Confidentiality and Security of Personal Information.** Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or (c) enforce our Terms of Service. Your Personal Information is stored on secure servers that are designed to limit unauthorized access to your Personal Information. 

**Lost or Stolen Information.** You must promptly notify us if your credit card or user name is lost, stolen or used without permission. In such an event, we will cancel that credit card number and user name and update our records accordingly. Your liability for charges made on a lost or stolen credit card is governed by your card-holder agreement with your credit card company. 

**Other Limits to Your Privacy.** The Site may contain links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. 

**Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy.** We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site and your continued use of this Site constitutes your acceptance of such change, update or modification. 
