> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the saavn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181030014520id_/https%3A//www.saavn.com/corporate/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Saavn

This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through the web site located at saavn.com and our Saavn App (collectively, the web site and the app, the "Platform"); whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology. The Platform is offered by Saavn, LLC, who is the data controller ("Saavn", "we", "us", "our").

This Privacy Policy explains what information may be collected through the Platform, how such information may be used and/or shared with others, how we safeguard it and how you may access and control its use in connection with our marketing communications and business activities.

### Information We Collect

#### Information You Give Us

When you use the Platform, for example to register to create an account, update your information, sign up for a subscription, use certain features, access or download content, purchase items or enter into promotions, refer others to the Platform, interact with us via third party application or social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us, we or our service providers or business partners may collect information that relates to you, including personal information, such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, mobile phone number, credit card or debit card details, geographic location, mailing address, date of birth, gender, demographic information, photos, videos, social media account details and other information from your device. 

You may decide to provide us with another person's email or phone number so that person may be invited to join Saavn or so that we may facilitate your communication with other people through the service. Local law may require you to seek the consent of your contacts to provide their personal information to Saavn, who may use that information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

#### Information Collected Automatically

Whenever you visit or interact with the Platform, Saavn, as well as any third-party advertisers and/or service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Platform is accessed and used ("Usage Information"). Usage Information may include information collected in the following ways:

  * **_Log Files:_** Information is logged about your use of the Platforms, including your browser type, operating system, activations, content you purchase, access, download or burn, access and listening times, the page served and the preceding page views. This statistical usage data provides us with information about the use of the Platform, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the Platform, how long they stay on that page, and which hyperlinks, if any, they "click" on. It also provides us with information about your interactions with songs, playlists, audiovisual content and other Saavn users, as well as advertising and products or services offered through or linked from the Platform. This information helps us keep our Platform fresh and interesting to our visitors and tailor content to a visitor’s interests.
  * **_Location Information:_** We may collect information about the location of your device when you access or use the Platform; or if you choose to turn on your Bluetooth, Wi-Fi or other geolocation functionality when you use the App, subject to your consent, the App may collect and use your geolocation information. We may share your location with certain third-parties for analytics and advertising purposes.
  * **_Device Identifiers:_** Saavn may automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier ( _"Device Identifier"_ ) for the computer, mobile device, tablet or other device (collectively, _"Device"_ ) you use to access the Platform, including the hardware model and mobile network information. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a web site or its servers, and includes AD-IDs or IDFAs, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. We may use a Device Identifier to, among other things, administer the Platform, help diagnose problems with our servers, analyze trends, track users’ web page movements, help identify, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
  * **_Cookies; Pixel Tags:_** The technologies used on the Platform to collect Usage Information, including Device Identifiers, may include but are not limited to: cookies (data files placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Platform), mobile analytics software and pixel tags (transparent graphic image, sometimes called a web beacon or tracking beacon, placed on a web page or in an email, which indicates that a page or email has been viewed). Cookies may also be used to associate you with social networking sites and, if you so choose, enable interaction between your activities on the Platform and your activities on such social networking sites. We, or our vendors, may place cookies or similar files on your Device for security purposes, to collect information enabling digital rights management, to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting our Platform (such as allowing us to select which content, ads or offers are most likely to appeal to you, based on your interests, preferences, location, or demographic information). Personalized content may also include content from the providers of goods and services that you may be able to purchase through the Platform or otherwise (who may pay us to show you such content). Note, however, that if a third party content provider asks us to show content to users with certain characteristics (for example, women ages 18-24) or a segment of that group (for example, women ages 18-24 who are located in a particular locality) and you respond to that content or click on links embedded in that content, the third-party content provider may conclude that you have the characteristics of the audience that they are trying to reach. Saavn does not have access to or control over cookies, web beacons, or other technologies that third parties who have asked us to show you content may use, and the privacy practices of these third parties are not covered by this privacy policy. Please contact these companies directly for information on their data collection and privacy practices. For more information on advertising using, please see the section on Advertising Services below. A pixel tag may tell your browser to get content from another server. To learn more about how to disable cookies, see Your Choices, below.



Similarly, we may use analytics platforms and other tracking technologies to help us track and analyze usage of our Platform, using cookies, pixels and other tracking technologies.

#### Information Received from Other Sources

We also may obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through the Platform. For example, if you create an account using your credentials from a third-party social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, profile and account information, such as lists of your friends, "likes", comments you have shared, groups and location, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third-party social media site. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on our Platform to your profile page to share with others within your network. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third party application or website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their "connections" or information about you is otherwise accessible through your "connections'" web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party website or interactive service.

You may integrate your Saavn account with third party applications and sites. If you do, we may receive similar information related to your interactions with the Saavn service on the third party application, as well as information about your publicly available activity on the third party application or site.

We may also receive information about you from our partners and service providers, (including, for example, business partners, analytics vendors, advertising networks and search information providers) which we use to personalize your Saavn experience, to measure ad quality and responses, and to display ads that are more likely to be relevant to you.

### Sharing of Information

The information collected or generated through your use of the Platform may be shared by you or by us as described below.

#### Sharing of Information by You

Saavn is a social service that offers many ways to find, enjoy, and share content. Your name and/or username, profile picture, who you follow, your followers, and your Saavn user profile will be publicly available.

**_Your Activities:_** Your activity on the Platform (e.g., music you listen to, music you share), playlists created or followed, and content you post to the Platform are made publicly available by default and can be accessed by users who follow you or view your Saavn profile and will also be displayed publicly in third-party search engine results and may appear together with other public profile information, such as your playlists, picture and name and/or username. Although this information is made public by default, in the "Your Choices" section below, we describe the controls that you can use to limit the sharing of your information.

**_Third Party Platforms:_** If your Saavn account is connected to a third party application or social medial platform, Saavn may automatically share your activity with that service, including the content you use and such information may be attributed to your account on the third party platform and published on such service. Likewise, if you log into a third party application with your Saavn account, that third party application may have access to certain information such as your Saavn playlists and activity. A third party platform’s use of information collected from you (or as authorized by you) is governed by the third party platform’s privacy policies and your settings on the relevant service.

### Sharing of Information by Us

We may share aggregate user statistics, demographic information, and Usage Information with third parties. We may also share your information as disclosed at the time you provide your information, as set forth in this Privacy Policy and in the following circumstances: 

**_Third Parties:_** In order to carry out your requests, to make various features, services and materials available to you through the Platform, and to respond to your inquiries, we may share your information with third parties that perform functions on our behalf, such as companies that: host or operate our Platform; payment processors; analyze data; provide customer service; sponsors or other third parties that participate in or administer our promotions. Your information may also be used by us or shared with our sponsors, partners, advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies or other third parties in connection with marketing, promotional, and other offers, as well as product information, and for such third party’s advertising, analytics and market research. These advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies use various technologies to collect data in order to send (or serve) relevant ads to users on our Platforms, or on platforms or websites operated by third parties. These technologies may include the placement of cookies or web beacons, the use of unique or non-unique non-personal identifiers, or the use of other technologies on our Platforms, which may be used to track user behavior, to track how our Platforms are being used, to link various Devices you may use, build consumer profiles and possibly to serve you more relevant ads. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of various technologies by advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies. We may also share your information with the rights holders that license content to Saavn to stream on the Platform.

**_Your Agreement To Have Your Personal Information Shared:_** While on our Platform, you may have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information and/or marketing offers from someone else or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your information with a third party. If you use the social sharing features of the Platform, your information may be shared with certain of your friends or groups. If you agree to have your information shared, your information will be disclosed to the third party and the information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party.

**_Business Transfers:_** Your information may also be used by us or shared with our subsidiaries and affiliates for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes. As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all or substantially all of our assets, or assets related to the Platform, your information may be disclosed to such entity as part of the due diligence process and will be transferred to such entity as one of the transferred assets. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.

**_Legal Disclosure:_** Saavn may transfer and disclose your information to third parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce our Terms of Use or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to our Platform or the public.

### Advertising Services

We may allow third parties to serve you ads across the Internet and use third party ad networks providers to help present ads on the Platform, as well as other service providers to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the Platform and viewing of our content. Such service providers and data partners may place and access cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies on your Device to serve you ads or other content personalized to your interests which they infer from your browsing on the Platform and other sites you have visited. In doing so, the provider collects or has access to your Usage Information. In order to personalize these ads or content, we or a data partner may connect and/or share de-identified demographic or other data about you (received from third parties) either to data you provided to us, e.g., your email address, or to Usage Information collected from you, such as your Device Identifier or IP address. The use of cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours.

If you do not want to receive the benefits of targeted advertising, go the section below on Your Choices for more information on how to opt-out of these tracking and advertising services.

### Your Choices 

#### Cookies & Tracking

  * To learn how you may be able to reduce the number of cookies you receive from us or third parties, or delete cookies that have already been installed in your browser’s cookie folder, please refer to your browser’s help menu or other instructions related to your browser to see if you can reject or disable such cookies. You can also learn more about cookies by visiting [allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/) which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different types of browser. Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third-party flash cookies used in connection with our Platform. To delete or disable flash cookies, please visit [adobe](https://www.adobe.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html) for more information. If you do disable or opt out of receiving cookies, please be aware that some features and services on our Platform may not work properly because we may not be able to recognize and associate you with your account(s). In addition, the offers we provide when you visit us may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests.
  * As described above, we, or other parties we do business with, may place or recognize unique cookies or other technologies on your browser when you visit our Platform to collect information about your use of our Platform and your other online activities over time and across different websites and apps, and may use that information to serve interest-based advertisements to you as you browse the Internet. To learn more about such interest-based advertising, and to opt-out of such collection and use for online behavioral advertising by Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) participating companies in the United States, please visit: –[aboutads.info/choices](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/); DAA AppChoices – [aboutads.info/appchoices](http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices/). To opt out from the use of information about your online activities for online behavioral advertising by NAI member companies, visit: [networkadvertising.org/choices](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).
  * Canadian users can also visit: [youradchoices.ca/choices.](http://www.youradchoices.ca/choices/)
  * European users can also visit [youronlinechoices.eu](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/) to learn how to opt out of having their data used for online behavioral advertising by European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) member companies.
  * Please note that even if you choose to remove your information (opt out), you will still see advertisements while you’re browsing online, however they may be less relevant to you and your interests. Additionally, many network advertising programs allow you to view and manage the interest categories they have compiled from your online browsing activities. These interest categories help determine the types of targeted advertisements you may receive. Please note that if you opt-out of targeted advertising, we may still track your visits to the Platform for our own analytics, operations and security purposes.
  * To learn how to change your Device Identifier, please refer to your device’s help menu or other instructions.
  * Some browsers have a "Do Not Track" feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. These features are not yet uniform, so note that our systems are not configured to recognize Do Not Track headers or signals from some or all browsers.



#### Data Sharing and Communications

You may always direct us not to share your personal information with third parties, not to use your information to provide you with information or offers, or not to send you newsletters, e-mails or other communications by:

  * Sending us an e-mail at: privacy@saavn.com
  * Contacting us by mail at:   
Attn: Legal   
460 Park Avenue South, 4th Floor   
New York, NY 10016 
  * Following the removal instructions in the communication that you receive. Your opt-out request will be processed within 30 days of the date on which we receive it.



Please note that if you opt-out of various uses of your information the service we provide to you and relevant offers may be impacted. Also, If you opt out of receiving promotional offers, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.

**_Your California Privacy Rights:_** California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us at: [privacy@saavn.com](mailto:privacy@saavn.com?Subject=California%20Resident)

#### Location Information

By downloading our App or using the Platform, you consent to our collection of location information and sharing with third parties for analytics and advertising purposes. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by going to the setting feature on your Device and changing your preferences. If you do so, certain features of our App may no longer function. You also may stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove our App from your device.

#### Access to Your Information

If you wish to verify, correct, or update any of your personal information collected through the Platform, you may contact us at the above address or e-mail. The information associated with you that is made publically available (such as your photo or user name) depends on your login method. For example, if you do not want your photo to be made publically available in connection with to your email address, you can login by phone or email. In accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain personal information you have submitted through the Platform. We are under no obligation to store such personal information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such personal information. In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.

### Security of your Information

We use certain reasonable security measures to help protect your personal information. However, no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use the Platform and provide us with your information at your own risk.

### Other Sites

The Platform may contain links to other sites that we do not own or operate. This includes links from service providers, advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding agreement. We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices. These other web sites may send their own cookies to your Device, they may independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. You should also independently assess the authenticity of any site which appears or claims that it is one of our Platforms (including those linked to through an email or social networking page).

### Consent to Processing & International Transfers

Saavn is a global business and processes, transfers and stores information about our users on servers located in a number of countries. As a result, Saavn may share or transfer your information with third parties located in countries other than your home country. Your personal information may therefore be subject to privacy laws that are different from those in your country of residence. If you are located in India, the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed by third parties in a country outside of your country of residence. By using the Platform, or providing us with any information, you consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.
