> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the capitalcube.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120516131049id_/http%3A//www.capitalcube.com/%3Fpage_id%3D64) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Capital Cube» Privacy Policy

### PRIVACY POLICY

Welcome to AnalytixInsight Inc.’s web site. Protecting your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, AnalytixInsight wants you to know what information we learn about you when you visit this site, what we do with that information, and what choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.

In no event shall you be entitled to any compensation for the use of any of your personal information.

**Security.** When you send confidential personal account data to us on our web site, we require that a “secure session” first be established using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. SSL is a security protocol for commercial transactions on the Internet. SSL uses public-key cryptography to authenticate Internet servers, to encrypt data, and to maintain the accuracy of transmitted data.

**Information Collection.** When you visit our site, we recognize only your apparent network address (IP address). The only way we will see your personal information, such as your name, address, phone number or e-mail address, is if you provide it to us by filling out a form or sending us an e-mail message. We use the information that you provide to us when you register on a page on this site, fill out a survey, or otherwise voluntarily tell us about yourself or your activities for our own use to improve our products and services and the content of this site. You may also receive mailings or other communications from AnalytixInsight or carefully selected third parties. We always offer you the option to decline any or all of these communications by clicking the unsubscribe link in our e-mails or by sending an e-mail message to us at [notices@AnalytixInsight](mailto:notices@AnalytixInsight).com telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from AnalytixInsight.

Our web site does however use “cookies” to collect information about how our site is used. See “ABOUT COOKIES” below. Information, such as the server your computer is logged onto, your browser type (e.g., Internet Explorer or Firefox), and whether you responded to a banner ad on our website or e-mail, as well as any stored preferences of our registered users that may be stored in “cookies”, is collected and tracked in aggregate. This information is sued for purposes of measuring response rates to banner ads and e-mail offers, as well as for measuring and improving our web site and for providing web site analytics that may be useful for us to sell or develop our products, services or advertising to third parties.

**Registration for Online Products and Services.** In order to provide you with a particular product or service online, we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your e-mail address and credit card number, for purposes such as correspondence, site registration, checking your account status online, making a purchase or participating in online surveys, and enabling us to provide an online product or service to you in an efficient manner. If you are known to us as a registered AnalytixInsight online customer, we may combine information about your use of our website and the online product or service you utilize with certain other online and offline information we have about you as an AnalytixInsight customer and information you have provided to us as well as information available from external sources, such as census bureau data, in order to customize your online experience and present you with relevant online and offline offers and updates. We also use a “cookie” to enable our server to recognize you as a registered AnalytixInsight online customer when you re-enter our site.

**Information Use.** We may use information you have given us to, for example, provide a service, ensure proper billing, measure consumer interest in our various services and inform you about products and services. If you have provided your e-mail address to us or to a company we’ve partnered with to make their products and services available to you, we may send you e-mail offers. We may also send you e-mail offers if you have provided your e-mail address to a third party and have actively chosen or requested, on an opt-in basis, to receive e-mail offers from other parties. These offers may be based on information you provided in your initial transaction with us, in surveys, from information that may indicate purchasing preferences and lifestyle, as well as information available from external sources, such as census bureau data. These e-mail offers come directly from AnalytixInsight. You can opt out from receiving e-mail offers from AnalytixInsight as described below in the section, “DECLINING E-MAIL OFFERS.”

When we send e-mails to you, we may be able to identify information about your e-mail address, such as whether you can read graphic-rich html e-mails. If your e-mail address is html-enabled, we may choose to send you graphic-rich html e-mails.

Please note that we do not provide your e-mail address to our business partners. However, we may send you offers on behalf of our business partners. Keep in mind that if you take advantage of an offer from an AnalytixInsight business partner and become their customer, they may independently wish to send offers to you. In this case, you will need to inform them separately if you wish to decline receiving future offers from them.

Our goal is to deliver offers to people who we believe will find them of value. Offers are developed and managed under strict conditions designed to safeguard the security and privacy of customer personal information.

**Declining E-mail, Direct Mail or Telemarketing Offers.** AnalytixInsight provides customers with an easy means to decline receiving e-mail, direct mail or telemarketing offers. Although some customers tell us they appreciate receiving notice of these carefully designed opportunities, we recognize the importance of providing you with choices. At any time, you may request to discontinue receiving these offers from us by simply replying to the e-mail and informing us of your preferences. All e-mail, direct mail or telemarketing offers that you receive from AnalytixInsight will inform you of how to decline receiving further such offers.

**Commitment to Privacy.** This Privacy Statement applies only to our United States customers and U.S. visitors to our web site. If you are a U.S. customer and have questions about our online Privacy Statement or your account, please send us e-mail at [notices@AnalytixInsight.com.](mailto:notices@AnalytixInsight.com.) You may also request a copy of the Privacy Statement we posted prior to the Web updates made to this document. AnalytixInsight Web sites in non-U.S. markets have developed Internet privacy statements that are fully consistent with this Customer Privacy Statement. These may be modified as needed for particular products and services, or to conform to local laws or customs around the world.

**We provide links to third party sites.** We try to alert you where ever possible when you will be leaving our site, but we may not be able to do so all of the time. As we do not control these web sites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these and all third party sites. You should be aware that other Internet sites to which you link from our web site might contain privacy provisions that differ from the provisions of our Privacy Statement.

**About Cookies.** Cookies were originally designed to help a web site distinguish a user’s browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. A cookie is a small string of text that a web site can send to your browser. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses, or capture your e-mail address. Currently, web sites use cookies to enhance the user’s visit; in general, cookies can securely store a user’s ID and password, personalize home pages, identify which parts of a site have been visited or keep track of selections in a “shopping cart.”

If you are just browsing our web site, a cookie identifies only your browser. If you become a registered online customer of AnalytixInsight (with a designated user ID and password), we use cookies so that we can provide customized information that we believe will be of value to you based on preferences indicated, other information we have about you as an AnalytixInsight customer, as well as information available from external sources such as the census bureau. The preferences in your cookies are available to us for reviewing and measuring the analytics of how our web site is being used, and such data is aggregated by us. It is possible to set your browser to inform you when a cookie is being placed. This way, you have the opportunity to decide whether to accept the cookie. If you are just browsing our Web site and are not a registered online customer, you do not have to accept a cookie and you may continue visiting the Web site.

AnalytixInsight reserves the right to change or update this policy at any time without notice by updating this posting. All updates to this policy will be posted here. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current terms because they are binding on you.
