> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the capstonereport.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-09-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110912000553id_/http%3A//capstonereport.com/%3Fpage_id%3D2) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Capstone Report | About

T he Capstone Report began as a commentary on Alabama football in October 2006. Since then, the website has grown to include commentary, news, links to major breaking news, updates on recruiting and discussion about all University of Alabama athletics. Since its beginning, the website has served over 500,000 page views.

The site is not affiliated in any way with the University of Alabama.

To contact the Capstone Report email: [info@capstonereport.com](mailto:info@capstonereport.com).

**ADVERTISE:** Promote your product or service on the CapstoneReport.com. Your advertising reaches over 10,000 readers each week; over 50,000 readers each month. On active Crimson Tide news days, the website serves over 20,000 page views. Contact [info@capstonereport.com](mailto:info@capstonereport.com) for more information on our rates. Plans start at $100 per month and are easily paid via paypal.

**Privacy Policy for capstonereport.com**

The privacy of our visitors to capstonereport.com is important to us. 

At capstonereport.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit capstonereport.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.

Log Files

As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. 

Cookies and Web Beacons

We use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.

We also use third party advertisements on capstonereport.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).

You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.

Google Cookies  
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads based on visits to this site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

Opt-Out  
Website users can opt-out of data collection via the [Network Advertising Initiative](http://news.valueclickmedia.com/rd4/ck/13205-82055-17336-8?m=4-366&e=hic3fbc08ca).

The Capstone Report is published by Capstone Report Publishing, Hueytown, Alabama 35023. The editorial team is composed of professional journalists and passionate amateurs including award winning editors, writers and photographers. Content on the site is generated by our writers or published from wire services including AP, Reuters, AFP, and other partners.  
**Editor:** [Alan Atchison](mailto:info@capstonereport.com)  
**Columnist:** Dale Jones  
**Contributing writer:** Hunter Ford  
**Contributing writer:** Intheknow72  
**Recruiting correspondent:** T.J. Walls  
**Contributing photographer:** Southern Sports Media
