> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the captivemale.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140402125638id_/http%3A//www.twistedfactory.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Effective Date: January 1, 2013

  1. Preamble and General Principles 

    1. The following information is designed to help you understand how we collect, use, disseminate and safeguard the information you provide to us while accessing and using our Site. If you do not agree with our information practices, please do not access or use our Site. By accessing and using our Site, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy.
    2. This Privacy Policy describes how TFactory LLC (d/b/a/ Twisted Factory), and all of its properties operated under these names, hereinafter known as "Twisted Factory," collects information from all end-users of Twisted Factory's Internet services (the "Services") - those who access some of our Services but do not have accounts ("Visitors") as well as those who pay fees to gain access to the Service ("Members") - what we do with the information we collect, and the choices Visitors and Members ("Users") have concerning the collection and use of such information. Twisted Factory requests that you read this Privacy Policy carefully.
  2. Revisions to this Policy 


    * Twisted Factory reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. The user should periodically check for any modifications of this Policy by re-visiting this web page and using the "refresh" button on the user's browser. The user should note the date of last revision to this Policy, which appears at the top of this Policy. If the "last modified" date remains unchanged after the user has clicked the "refresh" button on his/her browser, the user may presume that no changes have been made since the last reading of the policy. A changed "last modified" date indicates that this Policy has been updated or edited, and the updated or edited version supersedes any prior versions immediately upon posting.
  2. Personal Information Twisted Factory Collects and How It Is Used 


    1. Twisted Factory collects information in different ways from Visitors and Members who access the various parts of our Services and the network of Web sites accessible through our Service. We use this information primarily to provide a customized experience as you use our Services and, generally, do not share this information with third parties. However, we may disclose personal information collected when we believe that such disclosure is required by law.
    2. Registration: Members are asked to provide certain personal information when they sign up for our Services including name, address, telephone number, billing information (such as a credit card number), and the type of personal computer being used to access the Services. The personal information collected from Members during the registration process is used to manage each Member's account (such as for billing purposes). This information is collected by our credit card processors, and is not shared with third parties, unless specifically stated otherwise or in special circumstances.
    3. Online Advertisements: Twisted Factory displays online advertisements. We are not affiliated with these third-party websites and are not responsible for their use of information.
    4. Responses to Email Inquiries: When Visitors or Members send email inquiries to Twisted Factory's websites, the return email address is used to answer the email inquiry we receive. Twisted Factory does not use the return email address for any other purpose and does not share the return email address with any third party.
    5. Voluntary Customer Surveys: We may periodically conduct both business and individual customer surveys. We encourage our customers to participate in these surveys because they provide us with important information that helps us to improve the types of services we offer and how we provide them to you. Your personal information will remain strictly confidential, even if the survey is conducted by a third party. Participation in our customer surveys is voluntary.
    6. Other Internet Data: Twisted Factory also collects IP addresses, referral URLs, browser preferences, the user's registration forms, surveys, and communications transmitted through site applications. This information is used internally to track how users come to be referred to our Sites for the purpose of compensating our affiliates, advertisers, and other marketing entities. This information may be disclosed to third-parties. If we choose to disclose information to third-parties, this information shall consist of non-specific information regarding site traffic and statistics. Twisted Factory never discloses any customer-specific information to third parties unless it is reasonable to believe that doing so is required by law, a binding contract, a Court Order, or other state, local, or administrative regulation.
    7. Special Cases: It is Twisted Factory's policy not to use or share the personal information about Visitors or Members in ways unrelated to those described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. However, Twisted Factory may disclose personal information about Visitors or Members, or information regarding your use of the Services or Web sites accessible through our Services, for any reason if, in our sole discretion, we believe that it is reasonable to do so, including:

      1. To satisfy laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such information;
      2. To disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Acceptable Use Policy or other user policies;
      3. To operate the Services properly;
      4. To protect Twisted Factory and our Members;
      5. We will cooperate with law enforcement authorities, private-party litigants, and others seeking information about our end users to the extent required by applicable law. Examples of such cooperation include compliance with discovery requests, subpoenas, court orders, and writs.
    8. "Cookies" and How Twisted Factory Uses Them: A "cookie" is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain Web sites. Twisted Factory may use cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the products and services we provide and to manage our telecommunications networks. We may use a cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services to you. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your customer information. Advertisers and partners may also use their own cookies. We do not control use of these cookies and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.
    9. Company Email: Twisted Factory only sends promotional email to people who indicate that they want to receive email. Twisted Factory does not and will never share member or user emails with other companies or entities. Members may indicate that they would like to receive emails during the account registration process or by logging into account settings. For members and users who indicate that they want to receive emails, the email address will be stored in our database and used periodically to send you news and promotions about our services. You can be removed from the list by following the link contained in the email instructing you on how to unsubscribe, or by logging into one of our sites and clicking on the 'account' link on the very top navigation bar on the website. The only way for a user's email address to be added to our email list is for the user to provide this information to us and then affirmatively take a step to notify us that you wish to be added to the email list, either explicitly, or by acquiescing to the conditions of an offer. Every email we send you will have a link contained therein which will direct you to a site where you can unsubscribe. These unsubscribe links, when clicked, will automatically remove your email address from our database without any additional action on your part. Twisted Factory takes all reasonable steps in order to adhere to this policy, but Twisted Factory is not responsible for occasional technical malfunctions, which may result in additional unwanted emails being sent to you. Should this occur, you are instructed to direct an inquiry to Twisted Factory's Customer Service email, which is support@twistedfactory.com. Twisted Factory reserves the right to email you at any time regarding your account, or about any changes or problems with our services, regardless of whether you have opted out of our email lists. 

As a service to our users we sometimes provide links to various third party web sites in our email communications. We are neither responsible for the content on nor for the information collection practices of such web sites, nor do we control the privacy policies of such web sites. Their policies may be substantially different in this regard from Twisted Factory. 

At times, Twisted Factory may enter into co branding arrangements with other companies, and if so, an opt-in or opt-out question may be present to allow email contact from these companies as well. Their opt-in/out features are specific to each organization, but you should not receive email from these organizations unless you have indicated that it is acceptable. Before consenting to receive email from third parties, you should read their privacy policy and terms of use, if applicable, to make sure you are comfortable dealing with that company. As you can understand, Twisted Factory can not make commitments on behalf of other companies. All email from Twisted Factory partners who gain your permission to send you commercial email, will include an opportunity to opt out of future communications.

  1. Our Commitment to Children's Protection 

    1. Our sites are designed for adults, but not for use by anyone under the age of 18. In light of that fact, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 is not applicable to this site.
    2. We have no Web pages designed for younger users. We make every effort to ensure that our Web sites contain adequate warnings to make their content obvious and to warn users under the age of 18 that they are not welcome to view our Web sites, we believe that there is no substitute for proper parental supervision of their children's internet use. Nevertheless, we will take any steps possible to discourage those under the age of 18 from visiting our Web sites. For further information about tips, tools, age-appropriate, or kid-friendly Web sites and how to report online trouble, please visit [www.getnetwise.org.](http://www.getnetwise.org/)
  2. Public Forums and External Sites 

    1. Please remember that any information you may disclose in our Member Directory, or other public areas of our Web sites or the Internet, becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these public areas.
    2. The Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware that when they leave our Site they should read the privacy statements of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information.
    3. If you choose to subscribe to one of Twisted Factory's websites as a "Member," your name, email address, mailing address, credit card information, and IP address are stored by our billing company. You may read the privacy policies on their websites. These sites are an external entity, and once this information is transmitted to them, we are under no obligation to police their use of the information, and take no steps to do so. All of the aforementioned information, with the exception of your credit card information, is also stored on our servers. 
  3. Twisted Factory's Commitment to Data Security 


    * Services and Web sites we sponsor have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining this information. We take all reasonable measures to prevent such breaches of security, but given the resourcefulness of cyber-criminals we are unable to guarantee that our security is 100% breach-proof. You assume the risk of such breaches to the extent that they occur despite our reasonable security measures.


  5. Where to Direct Questions about Twisted Factory's Privacy Policy 

    * If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, you may contact our Customer Service Department at [support@TwistedFactory.com](mailto:support@TwistedFactory.com).


