> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the captainu.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161130040008id_/http%3A//captainu.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# About CaptainU

## Privacy Policy

Welcome to CaptainU, a Web-based college sports recruiting tool for athletes, parents, high school coaches, club coaches, team managers, college coaches, and tournament directors, operated by CaptainU, LLC (“CaptainU”)“we,” “our,” or “us”). We are committed to protecting your privacy and to treating your personal information as you would want it to be treated. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information. It applies to CaptainU’s collection of information on our websites, applications, services and tools (collectively, our “Service”). Please remember that we integrate with and provide many of our Services to organizations who have their own privacy practices, which may also govern your data in different ways. This Privacy Policy applies only to our own data practices, and not to the practices of third parties that we do not control. By using our Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use <http://captainu.com/terms>. 

**1\. INFORMATION WE COLLECT**   
We collect a variety of personal information about our users so that we can provide our Service. We do our best to be as transparent as possible about our data practices and to provide you choices about how your data is used when possible. The categories of information we collect can include: 

**A. Registration and profile information collected when you join the Service.** We may collect personal information such as a username, first and last name, birthdate, phone number, email address, and other contact information when you register for a CaptainU account, participate in a CaptainU promotion or contest, or if you correspond with us. We may collect billing information if you sign up for premium services. 

**B. Data collected through the use of the Service.** After you set up your account, you may be able to provide additional information which may be shared through your public profile, such as your height, weight, photograph and/or video and other biographical or personal information (“Profile Information”), and information about your athletic performance or information relating to your team, league, or organization. This information may be provided by a third party, such as a parent, youth coach, high school coach, college coach, tournament director or team manager or it may be provided by you directly. Coaches and team managers may provide information about their teams and biographical and contact information about athletes and may also add notes and commentary relevant to the team or recruiting. We also collect information about how you use the Service and the data you input. 

**C. Contact Information.** CaptainU may collect information from an address book or stored contact list that a user uploads or otherwise provides access to CaptainU. If you are a tournament director, team manager, club coach, high school coach, or college coach, who uploads information about athletes, we will send an email to any athlete who is not already a member of the Service, inviting the athlete to join the Service. If you are a college coach, you can turn off these emails on the Settings page. 

**D. Information we collect from third parties.** We may collect information about you from publicly available sources or other third parties, including your tournament schedule, player statistics, etc. We may also receive information about you when you interact with our sites through various social media, for example, by liking us on Facebook, following us on Twitter, or connecting on Instagram, Vimeo, or other social networks. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the CaptainU Service. 

**E. Monitoring user activity.** We may at our discretion, but are not obligated to, monitor the communications that take place on our Service, such as messaging, in order to protect our users and monitor the effectiveness of our Service. You acknowledge that you have no expectation of privacy with respect to any such communications or postings, and you expressly consent to such monitoring. 

We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features of the Service. We may use this information to communicate with you, such as to send you email messages, and push notifications and to permit other users of the Service to contact you. You may control your receipt of email by visiting the “Settings” page on our website, contacting us at [help@captainu.com](mailto:help@captainu.com) to opt-out of receiving such messages, or unsubscribing through the email itself using the unsubscribe link. We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, payment confirmations, change or updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). You may not opt-out of Service-related emails. For more information about your communication preferences, see “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” below. 

**2\. HOW WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGY TO COLLECT INFORMATION.**   
We automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our website or use our Service. For instance, when you visit our website, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters used by many websites — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, how frequently you access the Service, and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us to track your usage of the Service over time. We may collect log file information about your browser or mobile device each time you access the Service. Log file information may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, information about your mobile device, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service. We may also collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Service. If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject any cookies. You may also set your email options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our email and performed certain functions with it. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our Users, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time. 

When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application (including, for example, a UDID, Unique ID for Advertisers (“IDFA”), Google Ad ID, or Windows Advertising ID), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device. 

When you upload photographs to CaptainU, those files may contain location information or other metadata. This metadata may be accessible to others if you share content on the Service. 

We may use the data collected through cookies, log file, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including advertising; (c) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website and our Service; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (f) otherwise to plan for and enhance our service. 

**Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising.** We may permit third party ad networks, social media companies, and other third party services to collect information about browsing behavior from visitors to our Service through cookies, social plug-ins, or other tracking technology. We may permit third party online advertising networks to collect information about your use of our websites over time so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on our Service as well as on other websites or services. Typically, the information is collected through cookies or similar tracking technologies. The only way to completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device. Please refer to your browser’s or mobile device’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. (To learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies and how you may opt-out of some of this tracking, you may wish to visit [http://www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/) and/or the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/)). Depending on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through settings. 

**2\. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION**   
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see the “Your Choices About Your Information” section below. 

**Remember, our Service allows you to connect with others and share information about yourself with other individuals and organizations. Your profile information, including your name, photo, and other personal information, will be available publicly to other members of the Service by default and may be searchable by search engines which may display certain of your information publicly.** If you are an athlete on CaptainU, you may be able to adjust your profile settings to entirely prevent the general public from viewing your profile, though it will remain visible to other users of the Service. Also, remember that organizations and other third parties that use CaptainU Services may have their own data collection and use policies that CaptainU does not control, even in situations where CaptainU may access or maintain such data on behalf of the organization. Please review the privacy policies of any third party organization before sharing your personal information with that organization. 

We may also share your personal information with: 

A. Other companies owned by or under common ownership at CaptainU. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this policy; 

B. Third-party vendors and other service providers that perform services on our behalf, as needed to carry out their work for us, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements, billing, payment processing, content or service fulfillment, or providing analytic services; 

C. Trusted business partners who may use your information to contact you about opportunities that may be of interest to you. 

D. Other users of the CaptainU Service. Your information, including both information you provide and information we have collected about you from other users, may be searchable by or made available to other users of the Service. These users may contact you via email or, with your consent, via text messages. Once your information has been shared with another user of the Service, that user may use and maintain copies of your information outside of the Service. You may be able to control some elements of data sharing through your settings. 

E. With colleges and universities. CaptainU may disclose your personal information directly or via a third party to accredited colleges and universities that you have indicated you are interested in attending, as well as to other accredited colleges and universities that CaptainU and/or our business partners may be of interest to you. 

F. The public. Any information that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service is viewable by other users and the public. For example, a tournament director may print a list of athletes at an event and distribute that list to tournament attendees who may or may not be members of the Service. 

G. Other parties in connection with a company transaction, such as a merger, sale of company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party or in the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings; and 

H. Third parties as required by law or subpoena or to if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use <http://captainu.com/terms> or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of CaptainU, our Users, or others. 

We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties. 

**3\. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION**   
**Access, correct and update personal information.** You can access, correct and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by clicking on “Edit Profile” and “Account Settings” on our website. 

**Communications preferences:** You may update your communication preferences at any time by logging into your account and updating your contact information or changing your account settings. You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from CaptainU by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). Please note that Coaches and other users may contact you through or outside of the Service and CaptainU may not be able to control your preferences for those types of communications. 

The Service may allow college coaches to communicate with the athletes on their roster via text message if the college coach sender has their athletes’ consent to do so. 

If you have any questions about modifying your account information or changing your communication preferences, you can contact us directly at [help@captainu.com](mailto:help@captainu.com). 

**Privacy Settings:** Subject to your profile and privacy settings, any information that you make public is searchable by other Users and may be accessible via API(s) and viewable on search engines. You may be able to restrict some of this public sharing by changing your profile privacy settings on the Service or by limiting the type of data in your profile. Changing your privacy settings will not have any effect on information that was previously shared through the Service. Remember that even if you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users have copied or saved that information. 

Certain information is not searchable or viewable to other Users. This can include: analytics information about your performance on the website, notes you make on your recruiting progress, ratings you give to other Users, your lists of other Users and non-Users, and messages you send and receive. 

**How long we keep your Information:** Following termination or deactivation of your User account, CaptainU may retain your profile information for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, or audit purposes. Please contact us at [help@captainu.com](mailto:help@captainu.com) if you wish to delete your account. In some instances we may not be able to delete your content but we will inform you of the reason. 

Please be aware that we will not be able to delete any content you have shared with others on the Service or with social media sites. Please also be aware that we may be able to delete data that you provided to the Service about yourself or others, but we may not be able to delete data about you that was provided by another user, such as a youth coach, college coach, or tournament director. By way of example, if a youth coach adds an athlete’s information to a team roster or a college coach adds a recruit to the college coach’s list,that information cannot be deleted by the athlete once it has been shared or entered by the coach). 

**4\. HOW WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION**   
**Storage and Processing:** Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which CaptainU or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which CaptainU or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy. 

**Keeping your information safe:** CaptainU cares about the security of your information, and uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, CaptainU will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations. 

**5\. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY**   
CaptainU does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Users. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have collected any information from a child under 13, please contact us at [help@captainu.com](mailto:help@captainu.com). 

We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to us or anyone else over the Internet. 

**6\. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES**   
Our Service may integrate with or contains links to other third party sites and services. We are not responsible for the practices employed by third party websites or services embedded in, linked to, or linked from the Service and your interactions with any third-party website or service are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible for and we do not have any control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your information, including the organizations you interact with on our Service. 

**7\. HOW TO CONTACT US**   
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us at [help@captainu.com](mailto:help@captainu.com). 

**8\. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY**   
CaptainU may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices, and so you should review this page periodically. When we change the policy in a material manner we will update the ‘last modified’ date at the bottom of this page. 

This privacy policy was last modified on December 17, 2015. 
