> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 91springboard.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181225124346id_/http%3A//www.91springboard.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - 91springboard

**Information about our organization and websites**  
This privacy policy gives you the information about), its practices, and choices you can make about the way we collect and use your information provided online.  
Please read this privacy policy carefully and visit this page time to time to review any changes made. 91springboard holds right to amend the policy at any time, which will be effective on the date set out in the privacy policy.  
**Site covered by this policy**  
This privacy policy is applicable to 91springboard website – 91springboard.com. This website may provide links to third party websites for your information. However, when you access those links, you will leave 91springboard website.  
This Privacy Policy does not cover any personal data that you choose to give to unrelated third parties. We do not monitor or control the information collected by such sites or the privacy practices of any third parties, and we are not responsible for their practices or the content of their sites.  
**Types of information we collect and use**  
In this policy, “personal information” or “personal data” means information about an identifiable individual that is subject to protection under the law in the jurisdiction in which you reside.  
In some jurisdictions, “personal information” or “personal data” will not include business contact information. 91springboard collects information through a variety of different ways and for different purposes.  
If you choose to register with the 91springboard, then you will be requested to provide contact information (name, address, telephone number, email address).We use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest.  
We may also use your contact information to send you information about other 91springboard products and services as well as promotional material that may be of interest to you from some of our marketing partners. If you do not want to receive these promotional announcements, you may opt-out when you provide us with contact information or at any time after you register by updating your preferences (see the Opt-Out section below).  
You also have the option to provide demographic information (such as type of business, size of business, locations, etc.). 91springboard uses this demographic information to understand your needs and interests and to provide you a more personalized experience on our site. We use this information to process your orders, enable participation in promotions, and facilitate your relationship with us.  
Through 91springboard, you can book meeting rooms and register for virtual office services, request information, or subscribe to marketing or support materials. In order to purchase a product or service from us, we will request certain information from you. You will need to provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, billing address, and expiration date). Financial information collected from you is used only to bill you for the products and services that you have purchased.  
If we collect credit card information from you, we only use this information for payment processing and fraud prevention. 91springboard does not use credit card information and other similar sensitive personal data for any other purpose without your express consent. We do not retain your credit card information after processing a payment unless you grant us permission to retain your credit card information for future purchases.  
In most cases, you provide us with your consent to use your personal data in accordance with this policy by providing us with that information. In some cases, we may specifically ask for your express consent if we believe that the information is sensitive or our use of the information may include other uses not covered by this Privacy Policy or another privacy notice to which we have made available to you.  
91springboard automatically collects technical information about your visit (such as browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, internet protocol (IP) addresses, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp). We do not associate this information with other information about you. We aggregate this information for reporting about to analyse trends, diagnose problems with our server, and administer the website, to track user movement and use, and to gather broad demographic information.  
**Communications from 91springboard**  
Once you register, we will communicate with you by email or telephone and will make every effort to honour your preference.  
We will also send you information on new products, services, special savings, promotions and general information. If you do not want to receive this information, you can opt-out of receiving future mailings (see Opt-Out section below).  
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletters, we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. You can sign up for these newsletters from us on our registration page. You may unsubscribe at any time (see Opt-Out section below).  
When necessary, 91springboard will send you service-related announcements, which are not promotional in nature.  
Please note that we do not provide your email address to our business partners. However, we may send you offers on behalf of our business partners. You can opt out from receiving email offers from 91springboard as described below.  
**Cookies and other digital markers**  
91springboard automatically gathers information through cookies and other digital markers. Cookies and digital markers are small computer files that may be stored on your computer’s hard drive or embedded in our website pages that enable us to identify you and track your visit on the website.  
91springboard India may use the services of third parties to collect and process personal information through cookies and other digital markers on our behalf.  
You may disable cookies on your computer by changing the settings in the preferences or options menu in your browser. If you choose to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas of the website.  
Children’s **  privacy**  
91springboard is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. 91springboard does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and does not target its websites to children under 13.  
**Your choices and opting-out**  
91springboard gives you the choice of receiving a variety of information that complements our products and services. You can subscribe to receive certain product and service specific information and marketing communications. 91springboard marketing communications may include new product information, special offers, or an invitation to participate in market research.  
91springboard provides you the opportunity to “opt-out” of having your personal data used for certain purposes when we ask for this information. For example, if you purchase a product from us but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on the order form.  
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters and/or promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communications or by emailing us at info@91springboard.com. Please type “Opt-Out” in the subject-line.  
**Access to and accuracy of your information**  
We will provide you with access to your information, including making reasonable effort to provide you with online access and the opportunity to change your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID, before granting access to your data.  
Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to refuse to provide visitors to our websites with a copy of their personal data, but will give reasons for our refusal.  
**Keeping your information secure**  
91springboard does not guarantee or warrant the security of our servers nor can we guarantee that information you supply through the 91springboard website will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet. We follow generally accepted industry technical standards to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card information) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secured socket layer technology.  
**Business transitions**

In the event that 91springboard goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personal information will likely be among the assets transferred.  
**Terms and Conditions**  
If you choose to visit our website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions, including, but not limited to, disclaimers of warranty, limitations of liability, and arbitration of disputes.  
**Contacting us**  
We value your opinions. If you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, or want to advise us of a concern relating to the handling of your personal information, please send us an e-mail at info@91springboard.com  
If your concern is privacy related, please type “Privacy” in the subject-line of your e-mail.
