> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the deckbox.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190409013718id_/https%3A//deckbox.org/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Deckbox Privacy Policy - Deckbox

### Privacy statement

Last Modified: 27th July 2018.

We do not sell, trade, exchange or otherwise make available any personally identifiable information to any other team or organization. We may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.

#### Name and Address of the data controller & data protection officer

The responsible person within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation law and other national data protection laws, as well as any other provisions on data protection, is: 
    
    
    S.C. Leaping Frog Studios S.R.L
    str I.L.Caragiale 1/19
    430121 Baia Mare
    Romania
    Phone: +40 740 029 429
    admin@deckbox.org
        

#### General information on data processing

We generally only process our users' personal data if we require this data to offer you the full functionality of our website, or if the information is required for access to our content and services. 

The EU General Data Processing Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal basis for processing personal data in cases where the user has provided permission for us to do so.

#### Confidentiality

Your inventory, tradelist, wishlist and decks are publicly viewable on the internet by default. However, you can choose to protect them with a password, or make them completely private (feature available for premium accounts).

Your Deckbox Profile is publicly available on the internet. Information included in the profile and viewable by other people is: **name, country and city, last login time.** Your e-mail address, as well as your postal address are private and not displayed or disclosed by us with the exception of "emailing other users" and "trading" explained below.

#### Emailing other users

When using the email functionality on Deckbox the name and e-mail address that you provided to us will be available to the other party.

#### Trading

When trading with other users, your full name as well as the postal address that you supply and confirm on per trade basis are available only to you and to the other party. Also, the chat and chat history from each trade are private and viewable only by you and the other party.

#### Comments

Comments made on private decks are private to the owner of the deck and not publicly available. Comments made on public decks, as well as events are public.

#### Intellectual Property

Our Terms and Conditions recognizes your right to retain full intellectual property protection for the digital content you create, including decks.

#### Cookies

Deckbox uses cookies. Cookies are small text files stored in your browser. When a user accesses a website, a cookie may be stored on the user's operating system. This cookie contains a unique string of characters that make it possible to identify the browser if the user accesses the website again. Certain elements on our website require us to be able to identify the browser of the user accessing the website even if the user comes back to the site after leaving. 

#### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics with Google Tag Manager, a web analytics tool provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files saved on your computer, to help the website to analyze how you use the site. The information generated by the cookie and regarding your behavior when using the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. If the the IP anonymization is activated, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before transferring data. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to Google servers in the USA and then shortened. On behalf of the website provider, Google will use this information for the purpose of analyzing your behavior when you are using the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not link your IP address to any other data stored by Google. You may disable cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, you can object to forwarding the data collected with cookies when you visit this website (including the IP address) to Google and prevent Google from processing of data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB>. 

Google Analytics cookies are stored on the basis of Article 6, section 1, item a) GDPR. The storage is unlimited in time, unless you make use of your possibilities to opt out. In exceptional cases, Google Analytics transfers personal data into the USA, which is subjected to the EU-US-Privacy-Shield <https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework> . (Legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is Article 6, section 1, item f) GDPR) Information on Google: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. 

Terms of service: <https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html>,   
Overview of Privacy Policy: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/learn/privacy.html>,   
Privacy Policy declaration: <http://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/privacy>. 

#### Subscription or Registration via Facebook

You can sign up for our service with your Facebook account (Facebook Connect). You are forwarded by a link to the Facebook website (Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA), where you can log in with your Facebook login credentials.

When you sign in using your Facebook account, your Facebook profile will be linked to our service. Please note that we have no influence on the processing of data by Facebook. We receive the following information from Facebook: Name, surname, email address The only information that we use from Facebook is the following: Name, surname, email address This information is mandatory for the login to be able to identify the user. For more information about Facebook Connect, please see Facebook's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. 

#### Advertising

This section applies only to free users of our website. **Premium subscribers** are served **no** advertisments and **none** of their data or site access patterns is seen by advertisers.

Your data is also used for advertising purposes. We use third-party advertising companies who serve ads to help keep content free. For these partners, we put additional restrictions on how your data can be used to prevent it from misuse. For instance, we do not allow these partners to take your information for profiling and personalizing ads on other sites. 

Please review their privacy policy as well: [PubGalaxy (Titan Gate AD)](https://www.pubgalaxy.com/privacy-policy.html). 
