> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sgi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231203511id_/http%3A//www.sgi.com/company_info/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SGI - Company Info: Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting the SGI ("SGI") Internet web site located under the universal resource locator at www.sgi.com ("Site"). Protecting your privacy is important to SGI. We are pleased to provide this Privacy Policy governing our collection and use of personally identifiable information. 

SGI is a global organization with legal entities, business processes, management structures and technical systems that cross borders. Our privacy practices are designed to provide protection for your personal information all over the world. We may share your personal information within SGI and transfer it to countries in the world where we do business. Some countries may provide less legal protection for your information. In such countries SGI will still handle information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.

**What we collect and how we use it**

SGI may ask you to provide personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, social security number, job category, information about your company, and credit card information. We will not rent, sell or lease this personally identifiable information to other companies or individuals. This information may be gathered when you visit the Site to: provide feedback in an online survey; request product or service information; participate in a sweepstake offer; register for a conference; make purchases; and/or save a product configuration. When you provide such information to us, we may use it to: deliver requested goods, services or information; provide notices regarding goods or services that you may purchase or be interested in; and to improve the content and general administration of the Site. In connection with a job application or inquiry, whether advertised on this Site or otherwise, you may provide us with a resume or curriculum vitae. We may use this information throughout SGI and its related entities for the purpose of employment consideration or your inquiry. Except where you tell us not to, we will keep the information for future consideration.

If you participate in an SGI mailing list, you should be aware that the information you provide there will be made broadly available to others, potentially inside or outside SGI, who have access to that mailing list. Also, please recognize that mailing lists may have additional rules and conditions. Opinions expressed in a mailing list are those of the participants and shouldn't be considered as reflecting SGI's opinion.

SGI does not knowingly collect or maintain any personal information from children under the age of thirteen. In addition, no part of our site is designed with the purpose of attracting any person under the age of thirteen.

**Cookies**

We use small text files called cookies to improve the overall Site experience. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you. The use of cookies is now standard operating procedure for most Web sites. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some Web sites may not work properly. 

Here is how to set your cookie preferences:

Netscape Navigator 4

In the Edit menu, select Preferences. In the Preferences dialog box, in the left hand side menu, click on "Advanced" and 4 options concerning cookies will appear on the lower right. Choose Help for further details. You can find more information about cookies and Netscape on the Netscape Web site.

Microsoft Internet Explorer 6

MSIE 6 allows you to set options for each of six privacy cookie settings: Block all Cookies; High; Medium high; Medium; Low; Accept all Cookies. For each of these settings, you can choose whether to accept, reject, or be prompted for all first and third party cookies, and to allow or not allow all session cookies. To set your cookie options, choose "Tools/Internet Options", and select the Privacy tab. Then, move the bar to one of the six cookie settings. Next, select the Advanced button, and click the Override Automatic Cookie Handling, and indicate the appropriate options.

For other browsers, contact the manufacturer of the browser for information.

**Information Sharing**

We may provide the information that we collect and the data generated by cookies to our third party partners. Such third party partners may use the information to maintain various databases for SGI, fulfill purchases, complete conference registrations and provide you with information about products. We will also disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or to prevent harm to yourself or others. In addition, we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which SGI participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of SGI's assets. It is SGI's practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions. 

If you would prefer that SGI not share this information with third parties, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/company_info/feedback.html) so we can take the appropriate action.

Please be aware that in certain circumstances, it is possible that personal information may be subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants or orders.

**Links to Third Party Sites**

This Site may be linked to other web sites on the Internet which are not under the control of or maintained by SGI. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by SGI of those other web sites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith. SGI is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other web sites.

**Security**

SGI employs procedural and technological measures, consistent with the demands of customer service. Such measures are reasonably designed to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. SGI may use encryption, password protection, firewalls, internal restrictions and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information. 

**Policy Changes**

SGI reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy. Any changes will be made available within this externally posted Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes as your continued use of the Site will be subject to the then-current privacy policy.

If you have questions or comments regarding SGI's privacy practices, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/cgi-bin/send/rmay).
