> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wikichip.org privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171202100145id_/https%3A//en.wikichip.org/wiki/WikiChip%3APrivacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WikiChip:Privacy policy - WikiChip

**Your Public Contributions** | 

You are creating a permanent, public record of every piece of content added, removed, or altered by you. The page history will show when your contribution or deletion was made, as well as your username (if you are signed in) or your IP address (if you are not signed in). 

Unless this Policy says otherwise, you should assume that information that you actively contribute to WikiChip, including personal information, is publicly visible and can be found by search engines. Like most things on the Internet, anything you share may be copied and redistributed throughout the Internet by other people. Please do not contribute any information that you are uncomfortable making permanently public, like revealing your real name or location in your contributions. 

You should be aware that specific data made public by you or aggregated data that is made public by us can be used by anyone for analysis and to infer information about users, such as which country a user is from, political affiliation, and gender.   
  
 |    
**Account Information  
& Registration** | 

You are not required to create an account to read or contribute to WikiChip, except under rare circumstances. However, if you contribute without signing in, your contribution will be publicly attributed to the IP address associated with your device. 

If you want to create a standard account, in most cases we require only a username and a password. Your username will be publicly visible, so please be careful about using your real name as your username. Your password is only used to verify that the account is yours. Your IP address is also automatically submitted to us, and we record it temporarily to help prevent abuse. No other personal information is required: no name, no email address, no date of birth, no credit card information. 

Once created, user accounts cannot be removed entirely (although you can usually hide the information on your user page if you choose to). This is because your public contributions must be associated with their author (you!). So make sure you pick a name that you will be comfortable with for years to come.   
  
 |    
**Information We  
Receive Automatically** | 

Because of how browsers work and similar to other major websites, we receive some information automatically when you visit WikiChip. This information includes the type of device you are using (possibly including unique device identification numbers, for some beta versions of our mobile applications), the type and version of your browser, your browser's language preference, the type and version of your device's operating system, in some cases the name of your internet service provider or mobile carrier, the website that referred you to WikiChip, which pages you request and visit, and the date and time of each request you make to WikiChip. 

Put simply, we use this information to enhance your experience with WikiChip. For example, we use this information to administer the sites, provide greater security, and fight vandalism; optimize mobile applications, customize content and set language preferences, test features to see what works, and improve performance; understand how users interact with WikiChip, track and study use of various features, gain understanding about the demographics of the site, and analyze trends.   
  
 |    
**Information We Collect** | 

WikiChip makes limited use of login cookies for logged in users to maintain sessions. Beyond what your browser sends us by default and those cookies, WikiChip **does not** actively collect additional information from you. 

As with most other websites, we use log files generated by our server. The information in the log files are strictly limited to the information received automatically by your browser.   
  
 |    
**Emails** | 

You have the option of providing an email address at the time of registration or in later interactions with WikiChip. If you do so, your email address is kept confidential. We do not sell, rent, or use your email address to advertise third-party products or services to you.   
  
 |    
**IP Addresses** | 

When you visit WikiChip, we automatically receive the IP address of the device (or your proxy server) you are using to access the Internet, which could be used to infer your geographical location. We keep IP addresses confidential, except as provided in this Policy. For example, if you make a contribution without signing into your account, your IP address used at the time will be publicly and permanently recorded. We use IP addresses for research and analytics; to better personalize content, notices, and settings for you; to fight spam, identity theft, malware, and other kinds of abuse; and to provide better mobile and other applications.   
  
 |    
**Statistics** | 

We may aggregate the server logs in order to generate some statistics about the usage of the website. Those stats come directly from the server logs (see _Information We Collect_ ) and do not consist of anything more. 

We may publish those statistics on WikiChip. When that happens, they do not contain any identifiable information and consist entirely of aggregated information (e.g. how many [Windows](https://web.archive.org/w/index.php?title=Windows&action=edit&redlink=1 "Windows \(page does not exist\)") or [Linux](https://web.archive.org/w/index.php?title=Linux&action=edit&redlink=1 "Linux \(page does not exist\)") users visited our website, which countries they come from, or what were the most popular pages and how many people visited them.)   
  
 |    
**Advertisement** | 

We also use third party advertisements on WikiChip to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites). 

We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting <http://www.google.com/ads/preferences>. 

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our website. 
