> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wabcradio.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-11-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061110075711id_/http%3A//www.wabcradio.com/article.asp%3Fid%3D122649) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# News Talk Radio 77 WABC-AM

**WABC PRIVACY POLICY**

Any person accessing this website agrees to the following:

 **WABCRADIO.COM PRIVACY POLICY**  
Effective Date:  March 10, 2006

This Privacy Policy is applicable only to information gathered on WABCRADIO.com and any other website(s) on which WABC-AM Radio. (“WABCRadio”) posts this Privacy Policy. WABCRadio is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “we,” “us,” “our,” and “ourselves.”  Our policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our website visitors. This policy statement tells you how we collect information from you and how we use it. 

When this Privacy Policy uses the term “personally identifiable information,” we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number.  When other information, such as, for example, consumer product preferences or number of children, is directly associated with personally identifiable information, this other information also becomes personally identifiable information for purposes of this Privacy Policy.  Personally identifiable information is sometimes referred to in this Privacy Policy as “personal information.”  The terms of this Privacy Policy are subject to all applicable laws.  

We collect personally identifiable information during contests or sweepstakes, during registration for our website(s) that require subscription and in connection with interactive areas requiring registration. In addition, information is collected in certain portions of our website(s) in which visitors provide content submissions and suggestions or participate in interactive online activities (e.g., community postings, voting, chat, games, online shopping, surveys, applications for show tickets and bulletin boards). We may use such information to fulfill prizes and purchases, send you marketing and promotional information and offers, track compliance with our rules and terms and conditions, or for editorial and feedback purposes. In the event we plan to post any such information on our website(s), visitors are provided prior notification of such posting. 

**Collection of Information from Children**

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from website visitors who are under the age of 13.

 **Information Gathered Online**

The information you provide to us is shared among our website(s), and our affiliated companies, as it is our goal to make your visits to our website(s) easy and enjoyable. However, be assured that we generally will not disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent. Without a visitor’s consent, however, we may disclose a visitor’s personal information to third parties that facilitate communications and transactions with you on our behalf.  These third parties may include for example, companies that help either gather your information or communicate with you or help deliver products or services, like a shipping company that delivers a package or a company that helps fulfill prizes for a sweepstakes.  In addition, we may disclose visitor personal information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other WABCRadio visitors, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose visitor information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures (a) are necessary to comply with law, including, for example to respond to a court order or subpoena, or (b) will help to:  enforce our Terms of Use; enforce contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and/or game rules; protect a visitor’s safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to a visitor; and/or protect our safety and security and the safety and security of our website(s), our affiliated companies, and/or third parties, including the safety and security of property that belongs to us, our affiliated companies or third parties.

We share aggregate information about our visitors with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties.

There are cases where we may ask you for personal information such as your name, email address, and birth date. For example, we request personal information for online shopping or transactions, or for services that require registration or subscription. In addition, if you purchase products or services from us, we will retain for future use, for example, credit card information, the type of services or products ordered or purchased, and the date of the order or purchase.  We need to collect this information for fulfilling prizes, tracking/verifying compliance with our policies as well as federal, state and local laws and/or for editorial and feedback solicitation purposes.

Information provided by a visitor at the time of registration or submission may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by us and our affiliated companies or third party companies that have been prescreened by us. Personal information may be used by these affiliated companies and third parties to offer you promotions, products and services.  Except as otherwise provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, if a visitor objects to such use for any reason, he/she may stop that use by e-mail request or by modifying his/her registration information online.  If an opt-out choice is not provided for such use by us or sharing with affiliated companies or third parties (subject to the exceptions described above), personal information collected from a visitor will not be used for such purpose. 

**_Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information and Opt-Out Choices_**  
You can access and update your personally identifiable information or opt-out of certain uses by us of your personal information and/or certain sharing of your personal information with affiliated entities companies and/or third parties at the member information page **[ANY MORE DETAIL AVAILABLE FOR PATH TO UPDATE INFO** **; THIS ASSUMES SUCH A PROCESS EXISTS; IF NONE EXISTS, THEN DELETE/REVISE PRIOR SENTENCE.]** on our website(s) or by contacting our Customer Support organization at [webmaster@abcradio.com](mailto:webmaster@abcradio.com). When communicating with us by e-mail, please include information in the e-mail that will help us identify you so we can assist you with your request.

Information provided when purchasing products from any of our online stores may be used for marketing and promotional purposes and is subject to the opt-out processes described on, or linked to, each order form. ****

**_Our Use of IP Address_**  
We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information to our advertisers, and to audit the use of our website(s). When visitors request pages from our website(s), our servers log the visitors' IP addresses. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a visitor's session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our house rules or terms of service or to protect our service, website(s), customers or others.

Some of our services, such as certain message boards, may display IP addresses along with the message poster's name and message. Please review each service prior to use and only use those that disclose information you are comfortable with sharing.

 ** _Our Use of Cookies_**  
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to a visitor's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you're at our website(s). We never save passwords or credit card information in cookies. The use of cookies is an industry standard -- you'll find them at most major websites.

By showing how and when visitors use various areas of a website, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to our website(s) are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies. We use the information from cookies to provide services better tailored to our visitors needs.

We have two primary uses for cookies. First, we use them to specify unique preferences. Secondly, we use cookies to track visitor trends and patterns. This helps us better understand and improve areas of the service that our visitors find valuable. While both of these activities depend on the use of a "cookie," our visitors always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences. Information from cookies is sometimes attached to messages sent to our Customer Service department.

Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, note that some parts of our service may not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies. For example, without cookies, you may have difficulty completing shopping transactions, entering contests, or playing games.

Advertisements may be managed and placed on our website(s) by third parties.  These companies are called “network advertisers.”  Network advertisers who place advertisements on our website(s) may also use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information when you click on or move your cursor over one of their banner advertisements.  You may not realize this information is being collected.  In some cases, we may have access to information from web beacons and cookies used by network advertisers on our website(s) and this information may permit us to identify other websites that you have visited that are also associated with the network advertiser.  Finally, once you’ve clicked on an advertisement and have left our website(s), our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their website.

 ** _Links to Other Websites_**  
Visitors should be aware that when you are on our website(s), you could be directed to other websites that are beyond our control and are not subject to this Privacy Policy. There are links to other websites from our web pages that take you outside our service. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement or a search result on our website(s), the "click" takes you off that website. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use our logos as part of a co-branding agreement. These other websites may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data or solicit personal information.

Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online --- for example, via message boards or chat rooms -- that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. While we strive to protect our visitor's personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk.

This Privacy Policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond our control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation.

 ** _Security_**  
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our visitors is of utmost concern to us. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we can't ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. When credit card information is transmitted we use industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption.

In the event that we offer accounts that are password protected, we recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email. Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information.

Remember to sign out of your account on our website(s) and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if your computer is accessible to others or if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or internet café.

 ** _Amendments to this Privacy Policy_**

We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time.  If we amend this Privacy Policy to permit material changes in the way we collect, use and/or share your personal information, we will notify you of such changes by sending you an e-mail at the last e-mail address that you provided to us, and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our web site(s).  Any such material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective ten (10) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our website(s).  Any such material changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use and sharing of personal information that you provided to us before our notification to you of the changes.  If you do not wish to permit material changes in our collection, use or sharing of your personal information that you have provided to us before the effective date of such changes, you must so notify us before that effective date.  Please be advised, however, that, regardless of whether you provide such notice to us, the changes to this Privacy Policy will apply to any personal information that you provide to us on or after the effective date of such changes.
