> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dotcomreport.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130608164840id_/http%3A//dotcomreport.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

dotCOMreport.com (the "Site") takes your privacy seriously. The Site understands that privacy concerns are extremely important to our customers. We would like to assure you that we are committed to protecting your personal privacy and for that reason the Site has created this privacy policy. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. 

**What This Privacy Policy Covers**  
This policy covers how this Site treats personal information that the Site collects and receives from you, including information related to your use of the Site's products and services. Personal information is information you provide about yourself that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, phone number, and social security number. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies or the content of websites of companies that the Site links to, does not own or control, or to people that the Site does not employ or manage. In those cases, you will become subject to the security and privacy policies of those companies or individuals and the policies that are posted on the associated website. If you wish to restrict the disclosure of your personal information by those companies or individuals, you will have to direct any opt-out or other non-disclosure request to those companies or individuals in accordance with their respective policies. 

**Information We Collect**  
In order to ensure that consumers get the very best service, the Site collects demographic information, web pages visited and other consumer-volunteered information from sources such as request forms, survey information and/or site registrations. The Site's request forms may require users to give us information, which may include but not be limited to your name, address, phone number, birth date, social security number, e-mail address and certain financial and credit-related information. This information allows the Site to serve you, and to the extent you request service beyond that which the Site can provide, to match you with a trusted fulfillment partner, such as an automobile dealer or bank, that we feel is best able to fill your specific request. This information also helps the Site in the development or referral of valued products and services offered by the Site and other companies that we believe will meet the continuing needs of our customers. Collected information is used to improve the content of our website, customize the content and/or layout of our website for individual users, and to contact users for marketing purposes as well as route requests to our trusted fulfillment partners. The Site automatically receives and records information on our server logs, including but not limited to your IP address, the Site cookie information, previous page visited, and the page you request. The Site uses information for the following general purposes: to customize content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, maintain or improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients. 

**Cookies**  
Cookies are pieces of information that a web server may transfer to your computer through your web browser. When this information is stored on your computer, our system is able to recognize your browser and in turn customize web page content for you. By using cookies, the Site is able to offer you the advantage of personalization. Such personalization provides you with a more convenient online experience. We will not use any cookies to retrieve other data from your hard drive or obtain sensitive information about you. When a cookie is set, your browser will check it for length, an expiration date, and where it originated. Only the Site can access the cookies that we set. You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser. However, if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to use certain of our online services or website features. 

**Third Party Advertising**  
The ads appearing on this Site may be delivered to you by an outside advertiser or Web advertising company. Information about your visits to the Site, such as number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal information), is used to serve ads to you. 

**Third Party Cookies**  
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. 

**Third Party Tracking** The Site may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs, tracking pixels or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. No personal information is provided to these third parties by the Site. 

**Security**  
The Site understands the importance of security for our consumers. When applicable, we use the latest SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption technology to protect sensitive personal or financial information during transmission. This allows your personal information to be submitted in a secure environment while reaching the intended parties. An SSL-capable web browser such as the current versions of the Netscape Browser, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, the AOL browser or Opera is needed to support this encryption technology. 

**Information We Share With Others**  
1\. The Site's Agents  
The Site may decide to share your personal information with companies that work on behalf of or with the Site. These companies may use your personal information to help the Site communicate with you about offers from the Site, to inform you about the Site's products and services, or to provide you with information about other exciting products and services. They may also use your personal information in connection with providing administrative or maintenance services to the Site.  
2\. Trusted Fulfillment Partners  
When you request services beyond those directly available from us, we provide your personal information to selected trusted fulfillment partners, who we believe can provide the product or service your request. Our trusted fulfillment partners may use your personal information to process your order, approve your credit, respond to your requests for information or provide further information about products and services that they believe will meet your continuing needs. As our trusted fulfillment partners may keep and use your information whether or not you purchase their products or use their services, your personal information will be subject to their privacy policies, and you should contact them directly for more information about their specific privacy and opt-out policies.  
3\. Other Third Parties  
The Site may provide personal information to other third parties that it believes will be able to provide you with valuable products, services, or other information that may be of interest. As such third parties may keep and use your information whether or not you purchase their products or use their services, your personal information will be subject to their privacy policies, and you should contact them directly for more information about their specific privacy and opt-out policies.  
4\. Required Disclosures  
The Site also responds to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. Where we believe it is necessary, we will share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, violations of the Site's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.

**Third Party Partner Privacy Policies**  
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to third parties that you are placed in contact with through our site or other sites throughout the Internet, different privacy policies may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. Since the Site does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties, and we encourage you to read their privacy policies or ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others. 

**Your Acceptance of These Terms**  
By using this site and providing us with your information, you agree to the Site's Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Site. 

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
We may occasionally update the Site's Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users and to comply with a changing environment. We recommend that you check the Site's Privacy Policy when you visit to be sure you are aware of and understand our current policy. If we make material changes to this policy or in how we will use or collect your personally identifiable information, we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. We will not make material changes in how we handle previously collected personal information that have retroactive effect unless legally required to do so, and we will e-mail registered website visitors information on material changes to this policy. Your continued use of the Site means you accept those changes for all information you have provided to us. 

**Questions and Suggestions**  
If you have questions or suggestions, or want the opportunity to review or change any of the information collected from or about you, please complete a feedback form. 
