> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the watchuseek.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111107183411id_/http%3A//www.watchuseek.com/site/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Watchuseek.com l Privacy policy

**PRIVACY POLICY**  
**WATCHUSEEK.COM**

**Introduction.** Your privacy is important to us. We at Watchuseek B.V. are committed to protecting the privacy of visitors and registered users of the website Watchuseek.com and do our very best to ensure that any personal data is held securely and treated with the utmost care. This privacy policy describes the manner in which we process personal data and for what purposes we use this data. By using the website Watchuseek.com, you agree with this privacy policy.

**What we collect.** You may visit Watchuseek.com anonymously. The data that we regularly collect about visitors to our website (for example browser type, visited pages, duration of visit, IP address, etc.) does not enable us to directly identify you. We collect personally identifiable information about you only if you voluntarily provide your (user)name, e-mail address and birth date when you register to participate in any of the forums on Watchuseek.com, or when you contact us to request further information. 

**Who is responsible.   **The party responsible for the data processing described above is Watchuseek BV, with its registered office and principle place of business in Breda, the Netherlands. Our website may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit a third party's website, please be aware that the third party's privacy policy, and not ours, will govern your activities and any information you disclose while visiting the third party's website. Please note that we do not accept any liability for the processing of your personal data by such third parties. 

**How we use it.** If you choose to provide us with your e-mail address or other (indirect) personal data, we will process such data in a proper and careful manner and only for legitimate purposes, such as handling your registration, contacting you with regard to your use of any of the forums,  or to respond to your inquiry. If, in the future, we undergo any sort of corporate reorganization, we may need to transfer your personal data to the surviving entity. We will disclose your personal data if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will never submit your personal data to third parties for whatever purpose, including for direct marketing purposes. Furthermore, we will not keep your personal data longer than is necessary for achieving the purposes for which they were collected and we will implement appropriate measures to secure your personal data against loss or against any form of unlawful processing. At all times, we will process your personal data in accordance with Dutch Data Protection Act. 

**Cookies.** To increase the ease of use of our website, we use “cookies”.  A cookie is a tiny text file that is left on your computer, which makes it possible for us to recognize your computer when you visit Watchuseek.com again. You are always entitled to refuse cookies. To do so you can adjust your browser settings to disable all or certain cookies. Please note however that if you disable cookies, some services may not be available to you.

**Advertisements.** We use third-party advertising companies such as Google AdSense to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information ( _NOT_ including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

**Access to your personal data.** Registered users may review, update, or delete personal data collected by us by clicking on the appropriate link on the website. In general, if you wish to have access to your personal data to correct or delete the information that we have collected about you, please feel free to send us and email at [emailadres] detailing your request and the data you have provided to us. 

**Changes**. We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time. Your continued use of our website will be subject to the then-current privacy policy. Please therefore check this privacy policy regularly for the latest version.

**Applicable law.** The Internet is a global environment, and using the Internet necessarily involves the collection and processing of personal data on an international basis. Therefore, by using Watchuseek.com, you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way. This privacy policy shall be governed by the laws of the Netherlands and submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the Netherlands.
