> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the watches2u.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141213145026id_/http%3A//www.watches2u.com/info/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

When you visit, register, or order product(s) on Watches2U.com, you will be asked to provide certain information about yourself, including your name and contact details. We may also collect information about your usage of the website, as well as information about you from emails and letters you send to us.

We will treat ALL your personal information as confidential. We do NOT sell or rent this information to third parties for their marketing purposes. Because we hold vast amounts of stock and also sell hundreds of watches through Amazon each week as well, we keep stock both at our distribution centre and Amazon. From time to time we may have run out of stock at our distribution centre and will instead have the product dispatched by Amazon on our behalf from our stock held in there warehouses. Amazon like us keep your information strictly confidential, we will only supply Amazon with relevant information to enable them to fulfil your order. We will fully comply with all applicable UK Data Protection and consumer legislation Act, 1998. You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for any of the above purposes, whether by telephone, e-mail, or in writing, and you confirm that you do not, and will not, consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003. We do not send random marketing emails to personal email addresses (spam).

You should be aware, that if we are requested by the Police, or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities, to provide your Personal Information and/or User Information, Watches2U.com are entitled do so.

"Cookies" are used on this website to keep track of the contents of your Shopping Cart, to store delivery addresses if the address book is used, and to store your details. They are also used after you have logged on as part of that process. You can turn off cookies within your browser by going to "Tools, Internet Options, Privacy", and selecting to "block cookies". If you turn off cookies, your information will not be retained on your computer for future orders with us.

You are entitled to see the information that we hold about you, and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us. We are entitled to charge a fee of ten pounds Stirling to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
