> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the watergrant.ie privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150613232950id_/http%3A//www.watergrant.ie/Privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

This website is maintained by the Department of Social Protection. The Department of Social Protection fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988-2003.

This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website. Some technical terms used in this statement are explained at the end of this page.

#### Information we routinely collect

We may collect the following information from each user of this site:

  * Statistical information (IP address and hostname, web browser version, pages visited etc.).
  * The previous website address from which you reached us, including any search terms used
  * The date and time you access our site 



#### What we use the information for

We will neither make attempts to identify individual visitors, nor associate the technical details listed above with any individual. It is our policy never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law. The technical information will be used only by only for statistical and other administrative purposes.

You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute 'personal data' for the purposes of the Data Protection Acts, 1988 – 2003.

#### Right to Refuse Cookies

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### Glossary of technical terms used

#### Web Browser

A web browser is the piece of software you use to read web pages. Examples are Microsoft Internet Explorer, Chrome, Mozilla Firefox and Opera.

#### IP Address

Your IP address identifies your computer (or your internet service provider’s computer) in internet protocol code (for example 123.456.78.90). Every computer connected to the web has a unique IP address, although the address may not be the same every time a connection is made.
