> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tiltify.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-08-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170829204435id_/https%3A//tiltify.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Tiltify - Livestream Fundraising

## Last Updated: May 17, 2017

This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive through our Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service.

Any information that is collected via our Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such Information is collected. We may modify and revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll notify you of those changes by posting them on the Services or by sending you an email or other notification, and we’ll update the “Last Updated” date above to indicate when those changes will become effective.

## Information Collected or Received from You

Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services, to administer your use of the Services (including your Account, if you are an Account holder), and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our Services.

 _Account Information_. If you create an Account, we’ll collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, date of birth, email address, and postal address (“PII”). If you create an Account using your login credentials from a third-party service such as Facebook, Twitter, Twitch, and Google+ (each, a “Third-party Account”), we’ll be able to access and collect your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings on the Third-party Account permit us to access. If you create an Account through the Site or one of your Third-party Accounts, we may also collect your gender, date of birth, zip code and other information that is not considered PII because it cannot be used by itself to identify you. We don’t receive or store passwords for any of your Third-party Accounts. When you create an Account, you will also be required to create a username.

Information Collected Using Cookies and other Web Technologies. Like many website owners and operators, we use automated data collection tools such as Cookies and Web Beacons to collect certain information.

“Cookies” are small text files that are placed on your device by a Web server when you access our Services. We may use both session Cookies and persistent Cookies to identify that you’ve logged in to the Services and to tell us how and when you interact with our Services. We may also use Cookies to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our Services and to customize and improve our Services. Unlike persistent Cookies, session Cookies are deleted when you log off from the Services and close your browser. Although most browsers automatically accept Cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting Cookies. Please note, however, that if you don’t accept Cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Services. Some third-party services providers that we engage (including third-party advertisers) may also place their own Cookies on your hard drive. Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of Cookies and does not include use of Cookies by such third parties.

“Web Beacons” (also known as Web bugs, pixel tags, or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Services for several purposes, including to deliver or communicate with Cookies, to track and measure the performance of our Services, to monitor how many visitors view our Services, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising. Unlike Cookies, which are stored on the user’s device, Web Beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail).

 _Information Related to Use of the Services_. Our servers automatically record certain information about how a person uses our Services (we refer to this information as “Log Data”), including both Account holders and non-Account holders (either, a “User”). Log Data may include information such as a User’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, the web page that a User was visiting before accessing our Services, the pages or features of our Services to which a User browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links on our Services that a User clicked on and other statistics. We use Log Data to administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) Log Data to improve, customize, and enhance our Services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to our Users’ needs and preferences. We may use a person’s IP address to fight spam, malware and identity theft. We also use the IP Address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our Services are used.

 _Information Sent by Your Mobile Device_. We collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use our Services, like a device identifier, user settings and the operating system of your device, as well as information about your use of our Services.

 _Location Information_. In some cases we collect and store information about where you are located, such as where you provide us with your address or other location information, but also by converting your IP address into a rough geolocation. We may use location information to improve and personalize our Services for you.

We will not share any PII that we have collected from you except as described below:

 _Information Shared with Our Services Providers_. We may engage third party services providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. These third-party services providers have access to your PII only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf and are expressly obligated not to disclose or use your PII for any other purpose.

If you make or receive a Contribution through our Services, such payment is handled by our third-party payment processor either (each, a “Payment Processor”). Non-limiting examples of Payment Processors include PayPal and Stripe. Any information that you provide on or to a Payment Processor or that is collected by a Payment Processor is provided directly to the owner or operator of the Payment Processor and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy. We’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any Payment Processors. To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Payment Processors that you utilize.

 _Information Shared with Third Parties_. We may share aggregated information and non-identifying information with third parties for industry research and analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.

 _Shared with Web Analytics Services Providers_. We use Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to gather information about how users engage with our Services. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit[http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/](https://web.archive.org/web/20170829204435id_/https%3A//tiltify.com/pages/www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to<http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>.

 _Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions_. Information that we collect from our users, including PII, is considered to be a business asset. Thus, if we are acquired by a third party as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition or asset sale, or if our assets are acquired by a third party in the event we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, some or all of our assets, including your PII, may be disclosed or transferred to a third-party acquirer in connection with the transaction.

 _Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others_. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general; and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.

As indicated above, this Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive when you use our Services. Our Services also enable you to share information, including information about you. If you are an Account holder, you will have a profile page on the Services. For certain information, you can choose what information you wish to share in your profile via the Account Settings page of your Account, although certain information, such as your Tiltify username, will always be public.

If you are a Cause Owner or Campaign Sponsor, the online Cause or Campaign pages you publish will be publicly available on the Internet. There are no private or hidden Tiltify Cause Pages or Campaign pages. Your activity is public.

If you make a Contribution, you will have the option to publicly display your support, including your name, the amount of your Contribution and a message of support. Alternatively, you will be able to label your donation as “Anonymous” but still show the amount of your Contribution and a message of support, by clicking the “Anonymous” checkbox during the Contribution process. Note that the total amount of Contributions received for a Cause or Campaign will be publicly available and so any Contribution you make will be included in this figure. When you make a Contribution, the following information is always shared with the Cause Owner: your username (and your display name if you’ve chosen one), your email address, the amount of your Contribution, any comments you’ve included, and whether or not you have elected that the Cause Owner can contact you regarding your Contribution. If your submission involves rewards and you have elected to receive those rewards, any information necessary to send you those rewards will also be sent to the Cause Owner (such as your mailing address and requested clothing sizes).

Regardless whether you choose to make your donation “Anonymous” to the public, your information will be shared with the benefiting charity to enable the charity to acknowledge your contribution and recognize your donations for its tax records. Some Cause Owners may have additional requirements, such as being logged in to participate in events (necessitating registration) and other additional mandatory information for making contributions. Cause Owners and Campaign Sponsors may both request you provide information needed to distribute rewards to you, such as your shipping address and clothing sizes. Cause Owners are required by Tiltify to use any of the above collected information solely for (i) sending you rewards; (ii) sending you promotional communications (if you elect to receive them); and (iii) for the Cause Owner’s internal audit or tax reporting purposes. Campaign Sponsors may use your shipping information only to send you rewards. While Tiltify requires this limited use of information by the Cause Owners and Campaign Sponsors, Tiltify is not responsible to you for a Cause Owner’s and any Campaign Sponsor’s misuse of your information.

 _Opt-Out_. Separate from the communications you may receive from Cause Owners for your donations, Tiltify may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote our Services. When you receive such promotional communications from us, you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” (either through your Account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive). We do need to send you certain communications regarding the Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications – e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms of service or this Privacy or information about our fees.

When you make a Contribution with the check-box checked for allowing the Cause Owner to contact you, that Cause Owner may subsequently contact you to thank you for your donation or to send you other communications. To opt out of such communications, you must contact the Cause Owner directly; we do not handle opt-out requests on behalf of Cause Owners.

## Responding to Do Not Track Signals

Our Site does not have the capability to respond to “Do Not Track” signals received from various web browsers.

We take reasonable administrative, physical, and electronic measures designed to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your PII) from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.

Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties (each, a “Third-part Service”). Any information that you provide on or to a Third-party Service or that is collected by a Third-party Service is provided directly to the owner or operator of the Third-party Service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy. We’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any Third-party Service. To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Third-party Services that you access.

You can access and modify the PII associated with your Account via your Account profile page. If you want us to delete your PII and your Account, you can click on the “Delete Account” button in your Account. We’ll take steps to delete your information as soon as is practicable, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law. In addition, as stated in the Terms, if you establish a Cause Page or Campaign using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that you cannot delete your Cause Page or Campaign after that date.

Your PII may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you’re located outside the United States and choose to provide your PII to us, we may transfer your PII to the United States and process it there.

Our Services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect PII from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected PII of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.

Please contact us at[contact@tiltify.com](mailto:contact@tiltify.com?subject=Privacy%20Policy)and please put “Privacy Policy” in the subject line, if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy.
