> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sirindia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-01-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110110100434id_/http%3A//www.sirindia.com/Help/PrS.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to Sirindia.com - Best Deals on Online Shopping

SIRINDIA.COM®, recognizes and respects the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers, registered members ("Members") and users and has established this Privacy Policy as a result. Below we describe why we gather information from you, what information we collect, how we collect it, what we use the information for and how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information. This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms of Use, which governs your use of our web site located at www.SIRINDIA.COM (SIRINDIA.COM® or the "Web Site"). The Web Site is owned by P.J.Softwares Ltd (the "Company"). The SIRINDIA.COM® registered trademark is owned by P.J.Softwares Ltd.

 **Note :** You must be 18 years or older to register as a member or use SIRINDIA.COM®.

 **Why do we gather information?**  
Since our inception, SIRINDIA.COM® has consistently provided our customers, Members, and users with quality goods and services, excellent customer service, access to useful information, and an overall pleasant interactive experience. We gather personal information to allow us and certain third parties to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized interactive shopping experience and to inform you, and your gift and message recipients, of special offers and discounts.  
 **  
What information do we gather?**  
Through our Web Site and emails, including but not limited to, when you place an order, participate in our forums, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, membership registrations, and in connection with other activities, services, products and resources we make accessible through or available on the Web Site, or any of our affiliated sites, we may collect the following information: your name, address, telephone number, email address, title (gender), birth date, billing information (credit card number, expiration date and billing address), occasion type (birthday, Mothers day, etc.), products purchased, any relevant promotion code and information (for example if you are claiming frequent flyer miles) and the gift and message recipient's name, address, telephone number, email address, and any other information you provide to us, including User Submissions (as defined in the Terms of Use). Information you enter is collected even if you cancel or do not complete the intended use, registration, or order process. Members may also add to their Address Book the name, address and telephone number of friends or other persons to whom they may wish to send gifts, expressions, or receive gift reminders. Only Members have the right to view and edit their Address Book entries.

 **How we use "cookies" and "Action Tags".**   
A "cookie" is a small file stored on your computer by a Web site which gives you a numeric user ID and stores certain information about your activity on the site. We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer, user or Member and to provide certain features to you. We do not store any personal information (except your name) or financial information about you through the use of cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. However, if you disable this feature, certain aspects of the SIRINDIA.COMM® Web Site, such as the shopping basket, may not function properly. Our Web Site also uses a common web technology called "action tags" (also called single pixel gifs or web beacons) to anonymously track purchase, usage and other web information. Action tags (including third party tags) may be used to provide data to third parties for tracking purposes. However, no personal information is collected or transferred using action tags on our Web Site.   
**  
How we use the information we collect about you.**   
We use information we collect to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized interactive shopping experience and to inform you, and your gift and message recipients, of offers and discounts from SIRINDIA.COM® or other web sites and companies that we own. In addition, we may periodically make such information (except for credit card number and expiration date, unless you consent otherwise), including aggregated information, available to selected third parties including but not limited to, those who trade or rent information for direct [marketing](http://www.todayaq.com/) purposes. However, without your consent, we do not make your, or your gift or message recipient's email addresses available to third parties (except to our Affiliates, subcontractors or agents acting on our behalf in compliance with this Privacy Policy) or any Successor (see below) to our business. "Affiliates" are those persons or entities directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company. If you would like us to email you a notice when our Privacy Policy or Terms of Use change, please follow the instructions below. Any email sent to your gift or message recipients will include a link to our Privacy Policy and a link to use if they wish not to receive further emails. You may instruct us not to share personal information about you that you have provided to us with third parties by following the instructions provided below. A Successor to our business is not to be considered to be a third party for these purposes (see below).

In the event of a merger, consolidation, or sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company by, with, or into another company (a "Successor"), one of the assets which would generally be transferred is the information we collect from our customers, Members, and users. However, the use of this information by any Successor would still be governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time, including any amendment after such transaction, and you will continue to have the right to opt-out of sharing your information with third parties.

We may disclose any information you provide to us (i) when we believe disclosure to be appropriate to comply with any law, regulation, or governmental or law enforcement request, or to comply with judicial process; or (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate this Web Site or to process any orders or registrations or to conduct any promotions, contests, or sweepstakes you participate in; (iii) to protect the rights or property of the Company, its Affiliates,, users, customers, recipients, Members, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, or Merchants (as such terms are defined in the Terms of Use).

Please note that any personal information you reveal or post on one our public forums (as defined in the Terms of Use), such as a message board, chat room, discussion group, folder, survey, contest, sweepstakes, user review and rate forum, and all User Submissions, are not protected by this Privacy Policy and may be collected, shared and used by us or with third parties, including to contact you. Information you give out or post on our public forums you disclose at your own risk.

Portions of the Web Site (such as our Member registration and Address Book) may require registration and log-in processes in which you will select a user ID and password (collectively, the "Password"). Any Password provided to you will be the exclusive property and confidential information of the Company and may be used by you solely for your individual use of this Web Site. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any Password provided to you. All activities that occur using your Password are your responsibility, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your Password or accounts.  
 **  
Consent to Transfer**

SIRINDIA.COM® is operated in India. If you are located elsewhere outside India, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to India. By using the Web Site or providing us with your information, you hereby consent to this transfer. In addition, if you provide data to us about other individuals (such as your message recipients), you agree that you have obtained consent from each such individual to the submission and processing of such information under the terms of this Privacy Policy, including without limitation the transfer of such data to India. Although we will collect and use your information only as stated in this Privacy Policy, laws generally applicable to the protection of personal data in India may not be as stringent as those in some users' home jurisdictions.

 **Links**  
SIRINDIA.COM® wants you to be aware that when you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of those third party web sites, not ours. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and user terms and conditions whenever interacting with, and prior to providing any personal information to, any other web site.  
Your Security  
If you place an order our Web site encrypts your credit card number you submit prior to transmission over the Internet using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology. This technology works best when the site is viewed using Microsoft's Internet Explorer® or Netscape Navigator®. However, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we make reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, we cannot warrant the security of information you transmit to us. Your Consent and Changes to this Policy.

Subject to the above provisions, by using our Web Site, you consent to the collection and use of information by us and the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time and we will post those changes so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it. In addition, if you would like prior notice of changes to the Privacy Policy or Terms of Use, email us at admin@sirindia.co.in from the email address to which you would like notice sent. By using SIRINDIA.COM®, after such changes and posting, you agree to be legally bound and to abide by the changes and other provisions contained in the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use of which this policy is a part.

 **Your Comments**  
SIRINDIA.COM® welcomes feedback concerning this Privacy Policy. Please send your comments and questions to support@sirindia.co.in
