> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myob.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060621063802id_/http%3A//myob.com/servlet/Satellite%3Fcid%3D1106022210664%26pagename%3DMYOB%252FPage%252FContentPageWithoutNav%26site%3Den_AU%26c%3DPage) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - MYOB Australia

##  MYOB Limited Group Privacy Statement 

#### MYOB values your privacy

MYOB considers the guarding of your privacy as of the utmost importance. This **MYOB Limited Group Privacy Statement** states our commitment to maintaining your privacy.

#### Reasons for collecting information

MYOB only collects such information as is necessary to conduct business with you. You will always know what information is being collected, and will have the option to choose how MYOB utilises your information to communicate with you. We will only collect information by lawful and fair means and not in an intrusive way.

MYOB and its service providers will only use personal or business information you have supplied in order to:

  * identify you as the product owner and to provide better customer service to you, your business partners and your employees
  * perform authorised financial transactions with you and your associated service providers
  * operate our business as it pertains to you;
  * keep you informed about MYOB products and services and those of relevant business partners
  * fulfil legal and regulatory obligations



Aggregated data that contains no information specific to a particular person or business may be shared with our business partners, for example, aggregated statistical trend in a particular industry sector.

#### How we use your information

MYOB uses the information you supply in many ways necessary for us to do business together: product promotion, order fulfilment, product registration and company file activation, provide transactional services and customer support and for secure access to MYOB websites.

**Product promotion**

MYOB needs to be able to contact you about product upgrades and new product releases and to inform you of new services relevant to your business, including special offers (you may, however, notify us at any time that you do not want to receive any marketing communications from MYOB)

**Order fulfilment**

When ordering products and services, you must provide contact information (such as name and delivery address) and financial information (such as credit-card number and expiration date if you are using this payment method). MYOB uses this information to fulfil your order and bill you. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is also used to get in touch with you to resolve the problem.

**Product registration**

MYOB asks you to register each product or service you purchase with relevant personal and business details. Registration ensures that only you - and no unauthorised persons - receive upgrades and special offers.

**Company File Activation**

MYOB asks you to activate each of the company files you create. During Activation two sets of numbers, the product serial number and a number generated by the product at activation, are sent via secure Internet connection to MYOB. A final number is sent back to your computer to automatically activate the company file. Activation is completed either directly via the internet or by dialing into an automated activation system using a touchtone phone. The same process applies to periodic company file confirmations.

**Transactional Services**

To facilitate the provision of the transactional service for which you have applied MYOB is required to pass information you have provided to its service providers.

**Customer support**

Registration links your MYOB product and version to your contact details. This allows our support consultants to provide you with quality advice relevant to your particular situation when you call MYOB Customer support. If software or documentation needs to be emailed or posted to you, the consultant has all the information needed to ensure fast service.

**MYOB website access**

Many useful services are currently available at MYOB websites and more services are being planned. Your information gives you authorised access so that you - and only you - can update your personal information, access online help or perform financial transactions. Our web sites may contain links to other sites belonging to other parties and which are beyond the control of MYOB. Please note that we cannot vouch or be responsible for the privacy practices of non-MYOB sites.

#### Securing electronic communication

Personal information that is submitted to MYOB websites it is protected both on and offline. MYOB web pages that request information or allow transaction processing use the Hypertext Transport Protocol Security (HTTPS) protocol (excluding Test Drive and Accountant updates) which allows data to be transmitted in an encrypted form known as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) - visit [ secure ](http://www.ssl.com/ "secure") for details.

You can confirm that any MYOB data-entry page is secure by checking that:

  * the page address in the Web browser's tool bar or status bar begins with https://, or
  * the padlock icon in the web browser's tool bar or status bar is locked.



MYOB is also committed to protecting your information offline. All of your personal and business information, not just sensitive information, is restricted to only those employees who need it to perform a specific task. For example, an accounts clerk may need access to your bank details to remit a credit-card overpayment or a customer service representative may need to identify you to inform you of a free upgrade.

MYOB also uses Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to analyse trends, administer our websites, track your navigation among MYOB web pages and gather broad information for aggregate use. Our web servers may also send cookies to your browser to track navigation history and ensure transaction pages, such as 'shopping cart' interactions, work correctly. Cookies contain only coded information that cannot be used by third parties to access your confidential information.

#### Accountability and legislative compliance

The MYOB Group informs its employees about the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy through its operating procedures, training programs and internal policies. MYOB will take appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce privacy responsibilities of its employees. If MYOB contracts with external service providers to provide service support, MYOB will require them to conform to the MYOB Group privacy policy.

  * The MYOB Limited Group Privacy Statement has been developed in accordance with relevant local and international privacy legislation.



To demonstrate that our privacy policy accords with this privacy legislation, we are committed to a voluntary self-assessment procedure and, in some countries, subject to supervision and inspection by appropriate government agencies.

#### Correction of problems

If you have any questions or you believe that MYOB has not adhered to this Privacy Statement, please contact the Privacy Officer in your local MYOB office. We will then use all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine if there is a problem and take the necessary corrective action.

In the event that you need to update or correct your personal or business information, you can do so at [ my.MYOB ](https://web.archive.org/servlet/Satellite?cid=1108527010034&pagename=MYOB%2FPage%2FMyMYOB&site=en_AU&c=Page "my.MYOB") Alternatively, you can call, fax or mail changes to your personal information to your local MYOB office.

#### Changes to this Privacy Statement

Any changes to this Privacy Statement that may be made from time to time will be available on the MYOB website. You can also obtain a copy of the current Privacy Statement by either emailing or writing to the privacy officer in your local MYOB office.

#### Contacting MYOB

**Australia**  
**Post:**  
Privacy Officer  
MYOB Limited  
PO Box 371  
Blackburn VIC 3130.

**Email:** [ privacy_officer@myob.com.au ](mailto:privacy_officer@myob.com.au "privacy_officer@myob.com.au")
