> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the net2phone.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160507190040id_/https%3A//www.net2phone.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Net2Phone

**Net2Phone’s Online Privacy Statement**

Net2Phone is sensitive to the private nature of information you provide to us over the Internet. Our privacy practices are designed to maximize your ability to control the use of your personal, private information while at the same time giving you the opportunity to obtain interesting and useful information, products and services. This privacy policy describes how we treat information received about you when you visit our Web site and register on-line for Net2Phone products or services. This privacy policy only applies to data collected on-line by Net2Phone. Please read our privacy policy carefully. By using this Web site and submitting any personal information, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Net2Phone, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates consistent with this privacy policy. Also, please be aware that Net2Phone may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will prominently post any notification of changes. If we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days, so be sure to check back here periodically for any changes.

This Statement only pertains to our online collection of data from our web properties and does not apply to other means of collecting data.

**Information – How We Get It**  
When you register for our products or services, you will be providing personal information to Net2Phone such as your name, phone number, address, e-mail and other information by which you can be personally identified. You will also be asked to provide demographic information such as zip code and age. If you purchase products or services on our site, you will be asked for financial information such as account or credit card numbers. We also collect usage information from you when you visit us. Web site usage information is not typically personally identifiable information. It describes how our Web site is used and navigated, including the number and frequency of visitors to each Web page and the length of their stay. Web site usage information also includes the domain names of browsers and IP addresses that visit our Web site, time of day the Web site was visited and other non-personally identifiable information.

Throughout the web site are forms which enable prospective customers, partners, and distributors to contact us to learn more about our products and services. The information we collect on these forms is only used to facilitate our business relationship with you. It is not used for any other purpose.

Net2Phone makes use of browser cookies. We use cookies to enhance your Web viewing experience. A cookie is a small identifier, similar to a license plate and consists of data sent by a Web server to a Web browser that can later be read by that server. Cookies are used to personalize your viewing experience. They are also used to target advertising and marketing offers to your individual interests and to avoid showing you duplicate ads. Cookies cannot be used to get data from your hard drive, your e-mail or any other personal data about you. You have the ability to set your Internet Preferences to notify you whenever you receive a cookie. You may then accept or decline any of our cookies. Should you decide to decline a cookie, this may impact the performance of our Web site.

**Information – How We Use It**  
Net2Phone believes that knowing more about you will enable us to serve you better. It permits us to personalize the content and services we offer to you. It also permits us to target advertising for products and services to your interests and tastes. Net2Phone uses demographic and Web site usage information to improve the products and services we offer to you. One of the many services Net2Phone can offer to you when you register for our products or services is notification concerning new products and services available from third party marketing partners. These notices and offers will be targeted to your individual preferences and tastes based on the information collected. Unless you have opted-out of receiving third party offers during registration, we reserve the right to share your personal information with third parties and you may receive e-mails concerning third party offers. As a publicly traded company, we are required to file numerous reports with different administrative bodies. As such, Net2Phone may provide aggregate statistics about customers, sales and traffic patterns. None of these reports or statistics will include personally identifiable information. However, Net2Phone reserves the right to use and share personally identifiable information, of whatever nature, to investigate and/or help prevent potentially unlawful activity that threatens either Net2Phone, any company affiliated with Net2Phone or any third party. Moreover, Net2Phone may disclose personally identifiable information of whatever nature upon the appropriate request of a government agency, law enforcement, court or as otherwise required by law, whether such request is directed to Net2Phone or to a Net2Phone supplier or vendor.

**Additional Data Collection**  
Our Web site uses reputable third parties to serve the advertisements that you see on the Net2Phone Web site Please be sure to review our third party ad servers’ privacy policies as they may follow different procedures than our Web site. . Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving your use and satisfaction of this site.

**Ability to Opt-Out of E-Mails from Net2Phone**  
Upon registration for Net2Phone products and services, you will receive a welcome e-mail from Net2Phone introducing you to Net2Phone product and service offerings. If you do not wish to receive future e-mails from Net2Phone, please follow the instructions contained in the e-mail to unsubscribe from receiving future e-mails from Net2Phone.

**Corrections/Complaints**  
Net2Phone will gladly correct account information and customers are welcome to verify that the appropriate corrections have been made. In addition, if you believe that your personally identifiable information is being mishandled in light of this Privacy Policy, please immediately notify Net2Phone by e-mail.

**Security**  
We take great care and use the latest technologies to ensure the security and safety of all your transactions with Net2Phone. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place safeguards to secure the information we collect online. Our servers use encryption technology to protect the transfer of your credit card data to unauthorized parties. When these types of measures are taken, shopping online is safe and secure. We use industry-recognized standards in transaction security to protect the information you provide when you make a purchase at Net2Phone.

**Links to Other Sites**  
This Web site contains links to other Web sites. Net2Phone is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of these other Web sites before registering for any products or services from that Web site.

**Patents**  
This product, the systems and methods that it accesses, and/or the related services we provide are covered by one or more patents or patents pending, including 6,829,645; 6,701,365; 6,687,738; 6,594,254; 6,513,066; 6,347,085; 6,226,678; 6,185,18; 6,131,121; 6,108,704; 6,009,469; 5,999,965; 5,712,907; 7,149,208. See also:<https://web.net2phone.com/about/patents/>.
