> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the net4.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161101214420id_/http%3A//www.net4.com/general/information/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

** >WHOIS: ** We are required by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), the organization that assumes responsibility for domain name allocation, to collect information about you during the domain name registration process. This information includes your full name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and, where provided, your facsimile number. ICANN then requires all registrars to make your full name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and, where provided, your facsimile number, as well as the creation and expiration dates of your domain name registration and the name server information associated with your domain name, to the public via an interactive web page and a port 43 WHOIS service. For the purposes of this Privacy Notice we will refer to this information as your WHOIS Information. 

Please note that we may not be able to control how members of the public may use the WHOIS Information. If you have opted-into having your WHOIS Information available for bulk access, ICANN also requires Net4HK to make that information available to third parties who enter into a bulk WHOIS data access agreement with Net4HK. In making your selection to opt-into having your WHOIS Information available for bulk access, please refer to Bulk WHOIS data policy information. Please note that if you have not opted-into having your WHOIS Information available for bulk access for marketing or other purposes, your WHOIS Information will still be made available to the public through the port 43 WHOIS service described above. 

Except as set out in this Privacy Notice, you will receive notice when personal information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to have us share that information. We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Net4HK under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Net4HK communicate with you about offers from Net4HK and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. We share personal information as described below: 

**Agents:** We engage other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include providing marketing assistance, providing customer services, sending postal mail and email to you, removing repetitive information from customer lists, and analyzing data. These persons have access to personal information needed to perform their functions. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information that you provide to A Mountain Domains for any secondary purposes. 

**Providers:** We engage other companies and individuals to perform enhanced services on our behalf. Many of our service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. 

**Business Transfers:** As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or their assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, if Net4HK or all or substantially all of its assets were ever to be acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets. 

**Protection of Net4HK and Others:** We release account and other personal information when we believe release is: (i) appropriate to comply with the law of the land; (ii) necessary for compliance with any legal summons, notices, orders, enquiries by law enforcement officials/ quasi-judicial forces; (iii) enforce or apply our Services Agreement and other agreements; (iv) or protect the rights, property, or safety of Net4HK, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 

**Advertisers:** We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. Partners: We partner with other parties to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. 

**Compliance:** We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply our Services Agreement and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Net4HK, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 

From time to time, Net4HK may use your personal information to contact you by electronic mail concerning your use of our services. These communications are intended to inform you of important information regarding your account, or about general services provided by Net4HK. If you do not want to receive email from us regarding service updates, please click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email you receive from Net4HK. We will, however, continue to send you email regarding your account administration and necessary information, such as renewal information. 

We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), which encrypts information you input. We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. You can further help to ensure your security by taking a few simple precautions. For instance, it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your Net4HK username and password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. 

Net4HK gives you access to certain information about you for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information. 

Although Net4HK is committed to protecting your privacy, not all other Web sites are as conscientious. Therefore, Net4HK cannot be responsible for the content or privacy policies of other Web sites including those of advertisers to which it may link and those which link to Net4HK. This Privacy Notice applies only to the information collected by this Web site. We ask that you review the privacy policies of every online service you use before submitting personal information. 

Net4HK does not sell services for purchase by children. If you are under 18, you may use Net4HK only with the active and explicit involvement of a parent or guardian. Any transaction carried out by a minor shall stand null and void. Net4HK shall be at liberty to take any such other further action(s) in order to enforce its rights, as it deems fit. 

If you choose to visit Net4HK, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Services Agreement, including limitations on damages, and application of the law. If you have any concern about privacy at Net4HK, please click here to contact Customer Support and we will try to resolve it. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. Our third-party advertising company also separately places or recognizes a cookie file on your browser in the course of delivering advertisements to this site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please contact our Customer Support. 

Net4HK may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Net4HK account or by placing a prominent notice on our site. We will post such revised statement on our Web site at least thirty (30) calendar days before it becomes effective. 
