> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the netflix.net privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110611075147id_/http%3A//www.netflix.com/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Netflix - TV & movies instantly streamed online + DVD & Blu-ray rentals - Free Trial

This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. As we update and expand our services, this policy may change, so please refer back to it periodically. By accessing our website or otherwise using our service, you consent to our information practices.

Please note that hyperlinks embedded in this Privacy Policy may only be accessed through our website, so if you are reviewing this Privacy Policy through certain Netflix ready devices, such as a game console, you may need to visit the website to review these additional hyperlinked terms.

Collection and Use of Information

Personal information means information that can be used to identify and contact you, specifically your name, postal delivery address, e-mail address, payment method (e.g., credit card, debit card, or other payment method accepted on our website) and telephone number, as well as other information when such information is combined with your personal information.

When you register or re-register for our service, we ask you to supply us with personal information so that we can provide, enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts. For similar reasons, we may supplement the personal information you provide with publicly available information about you as well as information from other sources. We use this personal information, for example, to process your registration, your orders and your payments, and to communicate with you on these and other topics. We also use your e-mail address to send you newsletters, as well as messages about new Netflix features, Netflix special offers, promotional announcements, consumer surveys and other correspondence concerning our service. Occasionally, we may send these materials to you via postal mail, using the shipping address provided. Our mailers that contain the DVDs may also contain promotional items or advertisements. If you no longer want to receive the newsletters, other announcements or non-DVD-mailer postal mail, simply access the "Manage email subscriptions" page under "Your Account" and uncheck those items to unsubscribe. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us, including messages relating to your account transactions. 

We keep track of your interactions with us and collect information related to your use of our service, including but not limited to your online activity, title selections and ratings, payment history and correspondence as well as Internet protocol addresses, device types, operating systems, any instant watching of movies, TV shows and related activity. We use this information for such purposes as providing recommendations on movies and TV shows we think will be enjoyable, personalizing the service to better reflect particular interests, tracking your instant-watching hours, helping us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests and otherwise enhancing or administering our service offering for our customers. We also provide analysis of our users in the aggregate to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties. We may also disclose and otherwise use, on an anonymous basis, movie ratings, consumption habits, commentary, reviews and other non-personal information about customers.

While using the Netflix service and/or website, you will have opportunities to post reviews or other personal information in public forums. Please understand that when you post such information, it is made public and is not subject to this policy. We are not responsible for any third party's use of personal information you publicly disclose through our service.

Facebook: If you connect your Netflix account to Facebook, we may access information about you and your friends who are registered on Facebook. We may use and disclose this information to customize and improve the Netflix service for you and your friends. In addition, by connecting your Netflix account to Facebook, your friends and others who have access to view information about you on Facebook will also be able to see (on Facebook and on Netflix) that you're a Netflix member as well as what you've watched, rated, and other information about your use of the Netflix service. Please note that Facebook will import, use and retain this information. See Facebook's privacy policy for details. You'll also be able to see similar information about your Facebook friends who are connect with Netflix. You can disconnect by visiting Your Account. You may also control how certain information is shared with Netflix in your Privacy Settings on Facebook. 

Links to Other Sites

The Netflix website contains links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of personal information may differ from ours. While we endeavor to associate with reputable websites, Netflix cannot be responsible for the information handling practices of these other websites. These linked websites have separate and independent privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. 

Children

You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the Netflix service. While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the service, they may do so only with the involvement of a parent or legal guardian, and subject to our [Terms of Use](http://www.netflix.com/TermsOfUse). While Netflix does distribute products that may be watched by children, we do not intentionally seek to collect information from individuals 13 years of age and younger nor do we knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 through the service. 

Viewing and Updating Your Information on Netflix

We give you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with us in the "Your Account" portion of the website, You are responsible for updating and maintaining the truth and accuracy of the personal information you provide to us relating to your account. If you want to update or correct your contact information or change your payment method, you should do so by visiting the "Your Account" section of our website. You must be signed in to access "Your Account." You can also make changes to your membership plan, as well as e-mail subscriptions preferences, by going to the "Your Account" page. 

Cookies and Other Technologies

As you interact with our service, we and our service providers may place cookies on your system. (Cookies are small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your system for record keeping purposes.) In general, cookies can make the Internet more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular system. In many cases, cookies or other technologies associate your interactions with our service to other information within your account. If your browser is set to not accept cookies, you will not be able to use the Netflix service or website.

In addition to cookies, we and our service providers use other technologies, including pixel tags, to gather information on how our users interact with our website and to otherwise help us efficiently operate and monitor our website and service. These technologies show us, for example, popular pages, conversion rates, click-through and other information that can be used to improve, operate and monitor our website and other aspects of our service. We also work with companies that serve online ads on our behalf. These companies may use information about your visits to our website to serve you ads about our services. They may also offer you a way to stop receiving these ads. Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers an easy to use opt-out tool to stop receiving targeted ads. To learn more about this tool, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp). Please note that if you opt out, you will continue to receive online ads, including ads from Netflix; however, these ads may not be as relevant to you. Also, if you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.

Disclosure of Personal Information

Except as set forth in this policy or as otherwise disclosed to you, we will not sell, rent or disclose your personal information to third parties without notifying you of our intent to share the personal information in advance and giving you an opportunity to prevent your personal information from being shared.

We use other companies, agents or contractors to perform services on our behalf. For example, we have partnered with other companies to personalize and optimize our web pages, process credit card transactions, collect debts, analyze and enhance data, including customers' interaction with our website, and process consumer surveys. In the United States, we also provide postal addresses to the U.S. Post Office for delivery purposes. In the course of providing such services, these other companies may have access to your personal information. We do not authorize these companies to use your personal information except for the purpose of providing the services we request of them.

From time to time, we may partner with companies whose products we believe will interest our users. In conjunction with these partners, we may send promotional announcements and/or serve web-based advertisements to our customers on their behalf. You can go to the "Manage email subscriptions" page under "Your Account" and request that your name be excluded from these mailings for our marketing partners. In addition, we may offer joint promotions or programs that, in order for participation, will require personal information be shared with third parties. For example, we may partner with companies that offer incentives, such as frequent flyer mileage awards, if you sign up or otherwise utilize our service. In fulfilling these types of promotions, we may share your name and other personal information.

Netflix also reserves the right to disclose personal information when we reasonably believe disclosure is required by law, if we reasonably believe disclosure is necessary to protect, establish or exercise legal rights, or in situations involving potential threats to physical safety. In the event that Netflix is acquired by or merged with a third party, we reserve the right to transfer to the acquiring third party or the resulting merged entity, as the case may be, the personal information we have collected as part of that transaction provided that such third party continues to honor our Privacy Policy.

Security

Netflix takes information security very seriously and uses reasonable administrative, technical, physical and managerial measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access. For example, we utilize Secure Sockets Layering, an industry-standard protocol for certain of your transmissions to us, in order to encrypt the personal information that you send to us through the registration and sign up process. We store your email address and payment method information in an encrypted form.

In order to provide you with ease of access to your account and to help administer the Netflix service, Netflix implements technology that enables us to recognize you as the account holder and provide you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype any password or other user identification when you revisit the Netflix service. You can choose not to take advantage of this feature on your computer by unchecking the box "Remember me on this computer" when you login on the website. Netflix ready devices do not have this feature. To remove access to your Netflix account from a device, go to the "Manage Netflix ready devices and computers" link under the "Your Account" tab and remove that device from your account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and for restricting access to your computer or device through which you access your Netflix account. If you disclose your password to anyone or share your account and/or devices with other people, you take full responsibility for their actions. Where possible, users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit. If you sell or return a computer or Netflix ready device, you should log-out and deactivate the device before doing so. If you fail to log out and deactivate your device, subsequent users may be able to access certain of your account information. To deactivate a device, go to ["Manage Netflix ready devices and computers."](http://www.netflix.com/YourAccount)

Unfortunately, no security system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information and cannot assume liability for improper access to it. By using our service, including our website and user interfaces, or providing personal information to us through any means, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Netflix service.

Changes to This Policy

As we update and expand our services, we may make changes to this policy. You should check back for updates to this policy from time to time. If the changes result in materially less protection for your personal information than that provided in this policy, we will make reasonable efforts to contact you and obtain your consent to the changes. You acknowledge that your assent to the [Terms of Use](http://www.netflix.com/TermsOfUse) (which includes this Privacy Policy) subsequent to any changes made following your initial consent will satisfy the foregoing obligation. Similarly, your use of the Netflix website or continued use of our service after our posting of changes to this policy, or efforts to contact you, means that you agree to be bound by such changes. The most current version of this Privacy Policy can be reviewed by visiting our website and clicking on "Privacy Policy" located at the bottom of the pages of the Netflix website. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will supersede all previous versions. You can see changes from previous versions of the Privacy Policy by visiting our website and [clicking here](http://www.netflix.com/PrivacyPolicy?id=7523). 

Contact

If you have questions concerning your account, please contact Customer Service. If you have questions concerning this Privacy Policy, including the treatment of the personal information associated with your account, please contact: privacy@netflix.com. Our address is 100 Winchester Circle, Los Gatos, CA 95032, Attention: General Counsel. 

Last updated: April 14, 2011
