> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the netrefer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190413115531id_/https%3A//netrefer.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | NetRefer – Unified Performance Marketing

If you are a visitor to the NetRefer website (www.netrefer.com) this privacy notice applies to you. 

Kindly note that this notice applies only to this website and any services purchased from NetRefer are governed by different agreements drawn up at point of sale.

Arnold Media Ltd, trading as NetRefer, is the industry leader in the provision of Unified Performance Marketing. We power the most successful and high-volume partner programs through a centralized and scalable platform of products.  
We understand that you are aware of and care about your own personal privacy interests, and we take that seriously. This Privacy Notice describes NetRefer’s policies and practices, in relation to this website, regarding its collection and use of your personal data, and sets forth your privacy rights. 

We recognize that information privacy is an ongoing responsibility, and so we will from time to time update this Privacy Notice as we undertake new personal data practices or adopt new privacy policies.

We do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive information from children.

#### Information we collect and how we use (process) it 

Information you give us: such as your name, e-mail or contact details are only collected actively should you fill in the Contact us form. This data is then sent to sales@netrefer.com, a NetRefer mailbox to which only the NetRefer Sales and Marketing team has access.

Information we collect automatically: NetRefer’s website collects certain information automatically through the use of Google Analytics and Hotjar. The information may include:  
internet protocol (IP) addresses, the region or general location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type, operating system and other usage information about the use of the NetRefer’s website, including a history of the pages you view and user interactions such as mouse events (movements, location and clicks) and keypresses.

All information is anonymized prior to storage and hence no personal data is stored through cookies on the NetRefer website.

We use this information to help us design our site to better suit our users’ needs. We may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website, analyze trends, track visitor movements, and gather broad demographic information that assists us in identifying visitor preferences.

Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/privacyoverview.html

Hotjar

This website uses Hotjar, a web analytics service provided by Hotjar Limited (“Hotjar Limited”). Hotjar uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Hotjar Limited on servers in the EU. You can find out more about Hotjar Limited’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at https://www.hotjar.com/privacy.

By using the NetRefer website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google and Hotjar in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

The NetRefer website uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to “like” or “share” information from the NetRefer website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your site visit to your personal data.

Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit  [www.aboutcookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/) or [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/)

You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.

#### Information we share with Partners and Integrations

We do not share your information or data with third parties outside NetRefer except in the following limited circumstances:

To help us provide certain aspects of our services we use trusted third parties to:

  * provide our e-mail services.
  * deliver and help us track our marketing and advertising content.
  * help us track website conversion success metrics.
  * manage our sales and customer support services to you.



We enter into confidentiality and data processing terms with partners to ensure they comply with high levels of confidentiality and best practice in privacy and security standards and we regularly review these standards and practices.

We also have to share information or data in order to:

  * meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
  * enforce applicable policies, including investigation of potential violations.
  * detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
  * protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users, the public or to NetRefer and/or as required or permitted by law.



#### Security of your information

To help protect the privacy of data and personally identifiable information you transmit through use of this Site, we maintain physical, technical and administrative safeguards. We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. We restrict access to your personal data to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services to you. In addition, we train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information. We commit to taking appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce our employees’ privacy responsibilities.

#### Data storage and retention

Your personal data is stored by NetRefer on its servers, and on the servers of the cloud-based providers NetRefer engages. Whenever personal data is involved NetRefer always selects processors within the EU and no personal data is transferred out of the EU. Any data that may be collected by providers located out of the EU is completely anonymized. 

For more information on where and how long your personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights of erasure and portability, please contact NetRefer’s data protection officer at [ **dpo@netrefer.com**](mailto:dpo@netrefer.com) .

#### Changes and updates to the Privacy Notice

By using this Site, you agree to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions, you should not use this Site.  
We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Notice, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Notice on this Site. 

You agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Notice will be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of Malta. The parties agree that any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Privacy Notice or its subject-matter, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Malta Arbitration Centre in accordance with the Arbitration Act (Cap. 387 of the Laws of Malta) and the arbitration rules of the Malta Arbitration Centre in force at the time of the dispute.

Under the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 you have a number of rights you can exercise over your personal data. Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions or limitations. We will respond to your request to exercise these rights within a reasonable time (and in all cases within 30 days of receiving a request).

  * Rights which you are entitled to are:
  * Data access rights
  * Right to restrict processing
  * Right of rectification
  * Right to erasure (Right to be Forgotten)
  * Right to object to processing
  * Right to withdraw consent; and
  * Data portability rights



Contact of our DPO

NetRefer is located in Msida, Malta and has appointed an internal data protection officer for you to contact if you have any questions or concerns regarding our personal data policies or practices or if you would like to invoke one of your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation.

You can contact our Data Protection Officer by email at **[dpo@netrefer.com](mailto:dpo@netrefer.com)**

Complaints

If you are resident in the European Union and you are dissatisfied with how we have managed a complaint you have submitted to us, you are entitled to contact your local data protection supervisory authority. As NetRefer operates its business in Malta, it operates under the remit of the Maltese Office of the Information and Data Protection Commissioner.
