> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the netscout.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141123042454id_/http%3A//www.netscout.com/company/pages/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# NetScout Privacy Policy - Terms of Use

  
**NetScout Systems, Inc.   Privacy Policy**

**Our Commitment to Privacy  
**Your privacy is important to us. This website, [www.netscout.com](http://www.netscout.com/) (the “Site”), is owned and operated by NetScout Systems, Inc. (“NetScout”).  This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and disclose information that we may obtain about you off line or through the Site.   It does not apply to those sites that do not display or link to this Privacy Policy.  When you provide information to us offline or via our Site, we protect it according to this Privacy Policy.  Your use of this site is also subject to the Terms of Use.  Please review the Terms of Use for additional detail regarding your use of this site.  **By using this Site, you acknowledge that you have reviewed, and agree to, the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not use this Site.**

**What Personal Information Does NetScout Collect?  
**On NetScout’s Site, you can order products or services, register products, request information, subscribe to marketing or support materials, download software, enter a contest, apply for a job, respond to promotional campaigns, participate in discussion groups or forums, or register to a secure extranet site to obtain access to webinars, product information, support, services and training. NetScout will collect personal information from you for these purposes. Personal information for purposes of this Privacy Policy is personal information that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a specific individual.  NetScout may collect information about individuals such as their name, address, telephone number or email address, user IDs and passwords, billing and transaction information, credit card or other financial information, and contact preferences. Personal information collected online may be supplemented with information you provide to NetScout through other NetScout services, as well as other sources such as trade shows or seminars, as well as other data appending methods. 

NetScout’s Site may also provide on-line newsgroups, chat forums and blogs for our users. Any information that you disclose in these forums becomes public information, which could be read, collected or used by other users to send you unsolicited messages. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. 

NetScout does not collect personal information when you visit NetScout's Site unless you choose to provide it to NetScout. 

**How Does NetScout Use Personal Information?  
**The personal information that NetScout collects allows us to keep you posted on NetScout’s latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events. It also helps us to improve our services, content, and advertising.  If you don’t want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out anytime by emailing [emarketing@netscout.com](mailto:emarketing@netscout.com) with the subject of Unsubscribe.   We also use personal information to help us develop, deliver, and improve our products, services, content, and advertising or we may use information submitted as part of a job application or inquiry to contact you as part of the recruiting and hiring process. 

From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with NetScout, you may not opt out of receiving these communications. 

If you enter a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion, we may use the information you provide to administer those programs.   


**Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information  
**In some instances NetScout may collect non-personal information-data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual.  We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose.  The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it: We may collect (aggregate or demographic) data through cookies, web logs, and web beacons. This information is used to better understand and improve the usability, performance, and effectiveness of the website and our products. Please read the “Cookies” section below for more information.  We also may collect information such as deployment, configuration, and usage pattern so that we can better understand customer usage and improve our website, products, services, and advertising. 

**Cookies  **  
NetScout’s website does not collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services, therefore a Do Not Track signal does not apply to it. NetScout may use “cookies” or similar technologies to collect or log certain information about you and the use of our website. Such as your Internet Protocol address, Internet domain name, the web browser and operating system used to access NetScout website or applications, the pages or files visited, the time spent in each page or file, and the time and date of each visit or use.  NetScout may collect this information automatically as you browse our website or use our applications through the use of log files, web beacons, or other electronic tools.

Cookies are text files that are sent from a website via your browser and placed on your computer’s hard drive. Thereafter, when you visit that website, a message is sent back to the web server by the browser accessing the website, and this information about your activities is stored in the cookie. The information collected in cookies (e.g., the web pages you visit on the website and navigation patterns, the date and time of your visit, the number of links you click within the site, the functions you use on the site, the databases you view and the searches you request on the site, the data you save on, or download from, the site, the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting the site, and when you open our e-mails or click on any of their links) is used and analyzed to improve our service to you and to personalize your web-browsing experience by providing NetScout with a better understanding of your interests and requirements regarding our website and applications. Cookies may be linked to your personal information, such as your e-mail address or password.

We may also use cookies and other electronic tools placed by a third-party service provider to help us understand what product information is of most interest to you and enable us to log page visits and show lift in visits from a particular segment or account for advertising purposes.  Although the service provider logs the information coming from our websites or applications on our behalf, NetScout controls how that data may and may not be used.  You may elect not to accept cookies by changing the designated settings on your web or mobile browser. Or you can set your browser to notify you when you are being sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. The help function on most browsers contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies, or disable cookies entirely. However, disabling cookies in either manner may prevent you from using certain functions and features of our website.  Please also note that disabling cookies does not opt you out of being served advertising. You may continue to receive generic ads.

**Disclosure to Third Parties  
**NetScout contracts with business partners, suppliers, service providers, authorized third-party agents or contractors (“Service Providers”) in order to provide a requested service or transaction, including processing orders, processing credit card transactions, hosting websites, hosting event and seminar registration and providing customer support.  NetScout may share personal information with its Service Providers to the extent needed to deliver the service or respond to requests for information on products or services or otherwise support your business needs. In these instances, you will not have the opportunity to opt out of having your information shared with these Service Providers, and they may contact you directly regarding such products or services. We will only provide these Service Providers with the minimum amount of personal information necessary to complete the requested service or transaction and we require that they treat personal information consistent with the terms contained in this policy.   Unless otherwise dictated by law or agreement, NetScout is not responsible for any improper use by such Service Providers. 

We may be required to disclose your personal information in order to comply with legally mandated reporting, disclosure or other legal process requirements. NetScout will use reasonable efforts to limit the personal information it provides for these purposes. 

We may collect and share personal information and any other additional information available to us in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of NetScout’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale we may transfer any information we collect to the relevant third party. 

We may share your personal information within NetScout or any of our worldwide locations for purposes of data processing or storage. 

Unless permitted by relevant laws, or you have provided consent, we will not sell rent or otherwise provide your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes unless you have granted us permission to do so. 

If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about a page on NetScout.com, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. NetScout does not store this information. 

**Security of Your Personal Information  
**The security of your personal information is very important to NetScout.  We have in place physical, administrative, and technical safeguards designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized access.  In addition, NetScout uses standard security protocols and mechanisms to exchange the transmission of sensitive data such as credit card details. 

While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit. We recommend you to take every precaution in protecting your personal information when you are on the Internet. For example, change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers when creating passwords, and use a secure browser.  


**Choice and Access  
**NetScout does not require that customers, business partners or non-employee visitors to the NetScout Site provide NetScout with personal information. The decision to provide personal information is voluntary. If you do not provide the personal information requested, however, you may not be able to proceed with the activity or receive the benefit for which the personal information is being requested. 

You can always unsubscribe or choose not to receive promotional information from us by following the specific instructions in the email you receive or by notifying us via the appropriate method below. Please note that you may continue to receive materials while we are updating our lists.  In countries where required by law, NetScout will offer you the opportunity to opt in before promotional materials are sent to you. This will not apply to the receipt of mandatory service communications that are considered part of certain NetScout services, which you may receive periodically unless you cancel the service. 

NetScout strives to keep your personal information accurate. We have implemented technology, management processes and policies to maintain data integrity. We will provide you with access to your information when reasonable, or in accordance with relevant laws, including making reasonable effort to provide you with online access and the opportunity to change your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your data. Requests to delete personal information are subject to any applicable legal and ethical reporting or document retention obligations. To access and/or correct information, you can do so online or notify us via the appropriate method below. 

NetScout Systems, Inc.: [mbiso@netscout.com](mailto:mbiso@netscout.com), 1-800-357-7666, 978-614,4000 or NetScout Systems, Inc., Attn: Information Security Office, 310 Littleton Road, Westford, MA, USA, 01866. Please include your name, title, company name, and e-mail address. 

**Unsubscribing  
**If you do not want NetScout to contact you for marketing purposes by email, postal mail, fax and/or phone, you may unsubscribe by sending an email to [emarketing@netscout.com](mailto:emarketing@netscout.com), calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.  Please provide us with your name, email address and the title of the marketing material you wish to unsubscribe from or information you do not want us to share with other organizations.  If you are sending an email, place the word UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject line. 

**Links to Non-NetScout Web Sites and Third Parties  
**The NetScout.com web Site may provide links to non-NetScout Sites we believe may be of interest to you. Those sites are beyond our control. You are advised to check the privacy policies and terms of use of any non-NetScout Sites before providing your personal information to them. 

**European Safe Harbor Compliance    
**NetScout recognizes that the European Union (“EU”) has an “ominbus” data protection regime established pursuant to the European Data Protection Directive (95/46/EC) and that Switzerland has adopted a comparable data protection law (together, “European Data Privacy Laws”).  Among other provisions, the European Data Privacy Laws generally require “adequate protection” for the transfer to the United States of personal information about individuals located in Europe.  In the course of performing services on behalf of its European customers, NetScout may obtain incidental access to and otherwise process in the United States certain personal information about its customers’ consumers or other end users who are located in the EU and Switzerland (“European End User Data”).  NetScout adheres to the US/EU and US/Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles published by the US Department of Commerce (“European Safe Harbor”) with respect to such European End User Data that it accesses or otherwise processes in the United States.  NetScout’s customers are the data controllers for any European End User Data.  NetScout acts as data processor for its customers, and follows its customers’ instructions for the processing of such European End User Data.  Any end users with questions about their data should first contact the relevant NetScout customer, as this may be the most efficient means of addressing such questions.  End users can also contact NetScout with questions at [mbiso@netscout.com](mailto:mbiso@netscout.com), 1-800-357-7666, 978-614-4000 or NetScout Systems, Inc., Attn: Information Security Office, 310 Littleton Road, Westford, MA, USA, 01866. Any European end user who cannot address his or her issue directly with the customer or NetScout can contact a local data protection authority.  For more information about Safe Harbor please refer to the US Department of Commerce website at <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>. 

**Enforcement of this Privacy Policy  
**NetScout uses a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this Privacy Policy and periodically verifies that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible and in conformity with the principles.  Interested persons may raise concerns using the contact information provided, and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with these principles.  If a complaint or dispute cannot be resolved through our internal process, we agree to dispute resolution using an independent resource mechanism as a third party resolution provider. 

**Questions**   
If you have questions regarding our compliance with this Privacy Policy please contact us by making a written submission to NetScout's Office of the General Counsel, 310 Littleton Road, Westford, MA, USA, 01866 or send an e-mail to [infosecurity@netscout.com](mailto:infosecurity@netscout.com). 

**Policy Updates  
**NetScout may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post a prominent notice in this section of this policy notifying users when it is updated.

Last update: December 31, 2013 [[To see the prior version of this policy click here](http://www.netscout.com/company/Pages/privacy_archive_2012-03-13.aspx)]
