> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cuckoldplace.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090619213328id_/http%3A//www.cuckoldplace.com/privacy-policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**

Keeping you privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Policy is to ensure that your privacy is protected while using our Site. Please make sure to read the Site's Terms & Conditions as well. What Information Do We Collect? When you chose to join the site, we ask you to provide us with certain information such as your email address, address and instant messengers ID's. When you chose to purchase credits on the site by making a payment, we do NOT collect your full credit card number, CVV2 and expiration date. This information is collected ONLY by our third party credit card processor, which is Ibill. The only information we collect on your credit card is only the 4 first and last figures of your credit card number. We also collect your IP address. Finally, we collect and keep your login and password (the information you need to use the site) as well as any publications you post on the site for others to view. For example: if you post on the site or send us personal correspondence, such as emails, pictures or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the site, we may collect such information into a file which is only accessed by authorized personnel. We may also collect other users' comments about you in our complaints department. You should know that none of the personally identifiable information can be accessed or used by the public to identify you as a specific individual. How Do We Use Your Information? We may internally use the personally identifiable information collected on our users to improve our marketing, to improve our content and products and to customize our site to our users. This allows us to improve our site and meet your needs. We may also use personally identifiable information about you to deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as targeted banners and promotions. We also send periodic informational updates and promos to our consenting users via email. Our departments (for example our Customer Service Department) may use personally identifiable information to answer your questions, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms & Conditions. When Do We Disclose Your Information? We may disclose your information to affiliated sites. Obviously, in case we are required by law enforcement agencies and or in case we are required to enforce intellectual property or other rights, we may disclose your information. Third Party Collections of Information: Our policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties on our system or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them. How Can You Update or Delete Your Information? You have the following choices to update or delete your information from our database: You can send our Customer Service Department an email at cuckoldplace@gmail.com or you may log in with your password and update or delete your profile. Please note that the information is not deleted from the Company's database but will be saved under a deleted status and will not be presented. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: cuckoldplace@gmail.com
