> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the babbel.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100625164313id_/http%3A//www.babbel.com/home/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Babbel: Privacy Statement

### Terms and Conditions on Data Protection

"Babbel" is a service provided by the Lesson Nine GmbH, located in Berlin, Germany. This policy document contains the rules how personal data are processed and stored at Lesson Nine. All personal information is handled most carefully. The protection of these data is of the highest concern to Lesson Nine. These terms and conditions are an addition to the general terms and conditions for using Babbel. Please contact us at [info@babbel.com](mailto:info@babbel.com) if you have any questions concerning this policy.

### 1\. What data are stored?

#### 1.1. Personal Data

When you register, we collect and store basic information such as your name, address, email address and other contact information such as username and password. You may provide us with additional information on the site (e.g. if you complete your profile) or if you communicate with us.

The following registration data will be available for other users:

  * First name
  * Last name
  * Screen name



All profile data are provided voluntarily and will be displayed to other Babbel users.

#### 1.2. Cookies

After your login with user name and password, Babbel uses cookies to identify you during the course of your session. A cookie will be stored on your computer. Upon the termination of your session the session cookie will automatically be deleted. A persistant cookie stores your flash version number anonymously. On login, you can save another persistent cookie that contains your encrypted login information and is stored locally. This is done by the option "remember me".

#### 1.3. Log Files

Each time you access Babbel, the following data will be stored in the server log file:

  * Your IP address (by which your computer can be clearly identified)
  * The name and IP address of the computer requesting the respective page from the Babbel web servers (the so called "remote host computer")
  * The time, status, and amount of the transferred data, as well as the Internet website from which you have reached the requested page of the Babbel web servers (the so called "referrer")
  * The product and release information from your Internet browser (the so called "user agent").



This log file will be stored by Lesson Nine in the standardized "combined" log file format for the LightTpd Web server. Lesson Nine uses the data from this log file in anonymous form without reference to your person just for statistical purposes. In doing so, Lesson Nine may analyze on which days and at which time the Babbel services are particularly frequented and how much data volume is created on the Babbel web servers. Furthermore, by using the log file, Lesson Nine can identify defects on Babbel, such as defective hyperlinks or program defects, and thus continually improve the quality of Babbel. Lesson Nine does not attribute the website requests stored in the log file to specific individual users. However, Lesson Nine reserves the right to review the log files from the last known IP address of a Babbel member if Lesson Nine has reasonable cause to believe that the member is using Babbel in breach of contractual agreements or the applicable legislation.

#### 1.4. Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

#### 1.5. Personal Vocabulary

In order to provide Babbel users with a convenient way of reviewing their vocabulary Lesson Nine stores all practised words and phrases as well as the test scores in the user's personal vocabulary. These data are available to others only as so-called high scores.

#### 1.6. Image Uploads And Ratings

Babbel users can upload pictures for public use. These pictures are publicly related to the screen name and profile of the uploader. Individual picture ratings are also related to the user's account, for other users they are only accessable anonimously.

#### 1.7. Messages

All messages, chats and other contacts between Babbel users who make use of the Babbel community tools are stored on the Babbel webservers. This private information will not be made accessible to others by any means.

### 2\. Why Are The Data Stored?

Sole purpose of the collection, saving and processing of these data is to provide, sustain, and develop the services of Babbel. The data will not be passed on to third paries or used for other purposes.

### 3\. Sharing data with third parties

Lesson Nine does not share personal information of its users with third parties unless it is legally required or permitted by the user. In case of a violation of third party rights (especially copyrights, trademark rights etc.) by the user, Lesson Nine will only pass on data if the title bearer has conclusively laid out his claims to Lesson Nine.

### 4\. Data security

Lesson Nine has employed several security measures to protect user data from deletion, change, or abusive use. Lesson Nine uses constantly updated industry-standard firewalls as well as other security systems. Please note that due to constantly new computer viruses and other measures, a hundred percent protection cannot be guaranteed. In case of damage or deletion of data through unknown viruses Lesson Nine cannot be held responsible. Lesson Nine will prosecute any hacker attacks or the like to the fullest extent of law.

### 5\. Access To Your Information

#### 5.1. Information Request

Any user has the right to gain access to his personal information free of charge. In case the request is not in writing, i.e. if it is an email or a phone call, a postal address is required. In order to process a request the user needs to identify by providing the following information: username, first name and name, email and postal addresses and date of birth. The request answer will be sent to the address provided by the user.

#### 5.2. Data Updates

If the user changes or updates his personal information and thereby overwrites information, this old information will automatically be deleted. A separate request asking for the deletion of old information is not necessary.

#### 5.3. Removal Of Data

Any user can request change or deletion of his or her personal data at any time by contacting [info@babbel.com](mailto:info@babbel.com). Any request for changing, updating or deletion of personal information needs to be sent to Lesson Nine in writing via email or letter. In order to process the request the following information is necessary:

  * Screen name
  * Last name, first name
  * E-mail address
  * Postal address



Please note that deleted data might still be available due to caching systems, search engines, proxy servers, or similar systems that are out of reach of Lesson Nine

### 6\. Contact

Your trust in our services is essential to us. If you have any questions or want more detailed information about this privacy policy please do not hesitate to contact us:

Lesson Nine GmbH  
Großbeerenstraße 81  
10963 Berlin, Germany  
email: [privacy@babbel.com](mailto:privacy@babbel.com)

### 7\. Changes To This Privacy Policy

In compliance with the valid data protection regulations Lesson Nine reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time. The current version of this document is always available at the Babbel website.

This is version 1.0 of the privacy policy, issued December 6th, 2007
