> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the baby2see.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130406084131id_/http%3A//www.baby2see.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY - Pregnancy and Baby Information Index Baby2see.com

#### 1.1 General Information

We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information. By accessing this site, certain information about the User, such as Internet protocol (IP) addresses, navigation through the Site, the software used and the time spent, along with other similar information, will be stored on our servers. These will not specifically identify the User. The information will be used internally only for web site traffic analysis.

#### 1.2 Baby2see.com Privacy Statement

Baby2see.com will use any personal information collected from the website in accordance with all laws and regulations relating to the protection of personal data including the Data Protection Act 1998 (the "Data Protection Act"). Further details on the Data Protection Act can be found on the Information Commissioner's website ([www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk](http://www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk/))

#### 1.3 What information do we collect and why?

 **The information collected on the website includes:**

 **1.3.1** Users' Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, which is automatically logged by our web server. IP addresses are used to observe users' interest in this website (number of visits, pages seen, etc). 

**1.3.2** Cookies are very small text files saved to your computer used to track user navigation around a website. Session cookies are also used to store information on which content, including advertisements, have been seen by a user. Some areas of the Baby2see website also use persistent cookies which are permanently stored on the users' computer. Baby2see will use such cookies to identify unique users to our website. They are not cross-referenced with any other information such that an individual person could be identified.

We currently contract with several online partners to help manage and optimize our internet business and communications. We use the services of a marketing company to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site. To do this, we use Web beacons and cookies provided by our marketing company on this site. The type of information we collect includes content, pages and site sections viewed. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products are of most interest to our customers, and what kinds of topics our customers like to see. Our marketing company logs the information coming from our site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used.

**1.3.3** Baby2see use a third party to deal with advertisements on our website. The advertisers may use cookies to track the number of users responding to the campaign. Baby2see does not have access to or control of cookies placed by third parties.

These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

“This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.”

Disabling/Enabling Cookies - Users have the ability to accept or disable cookies by modifying the settings in their browser. Disabling cookies however may mean that some functionality may be affected. For further directions on how to disable cookies please click here: [www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/stop-cookies-installed.html](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/stop-cookies-installed.html)

**1.3.4** Baby2see.com is a participant in the Amazon Europe S.à r.l. Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk/Javari.co.uk/Amazon.de/Amazon.fr/Javari.fr/Amazon.it. 

**1.3.5** E-mail addresses, contact details and/or other details which users voluntarily provide in order to:

**(a)** provide goods and services to you;  
**(b)** basic profiling purposes (whether undertaken by Baby2see or by third parties on Baby2see's behalf);  
**(c)** let you know about other goods and services in which you may be interested;  
**(d)** inform you about changes and improvements to the website;  
**(e)** register for competitions and other premium content;  
**(f)** participate in discussion forums (see below); and  
**(g)** provide content to Baby2see or register to become a member of part or all of the Baby2see website (see below).

There are opportunities on the website to receive e-mail communications alerting you to news and offers. You may choose not to receive these.

Baby2see will not disclose voluntarily provided details to third parties or use the information in any other way without your prior consent. On all pages where personal data is collected, specific details on the use of this information will be provided.

#### 1.4 Your rights

You have the right to access your information held by Baby2see and, where necessary, to have it amended. You can also request not to receive marketing information from Baby2see. For more details, please contact:  [ Data Protection](mailto:privacy@baby2see.com) at Baby2see website. 

#### 1.5 Chatroom, Forums, Profiles and User Generated Content

Users are reminded that chat rooms, forums and areas of the website that allow you to submit content or set up a profile on the website are for public viewing and discussion. Any personal information supplied by users here is widely accessible. Baby2see is not responsible for the content posted by users of these services.

#### 1.6 Links to other websites

This website contains links to other sites that are completely unrelated to Baby2see. This privacy statement does not apply to these sites nor are we responsible for the content and practices of these websites.

#### 1.7 Changes to our privacy statement

This privacy statement may change at any time, so you may wish to check it each time you visit our website.  
↑ **Top** ↑
