> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the babyphat.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101120190527id_/http%3A//www.babyphat.com/custinfo.php%3Fview%3Dpolicy%26category%3Dcustserv) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Baby Phat: Privacy Policy: Contact Us with Question, Comments and Concerns.

### Baby Phat Privacy Policy

  * what personally identifiable information of yours is collected from you through our Web site,
  * the organization collecting the information,
  * how the information is used,
  * with whom the information may be shared,
  * what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information,
  * the kind of procedures we employ in an effort to hinder the unauthorized access, deletion, alteration, use or disclosure of information you provide to , and Baby Phat
  * how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information you provide to us.



If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact us by [emailing us](https://web.archive.org/custinfo.php?view=contactus&category=custserv) or by calling SCOPE OF POLICY This policy applies to 's treatment of personally identifiable information that collects through 's site and when you use 's services. The policy does not apply to practices of companies whose sites may be linked to . For access to the privacy policies of such linked sites please refer to the information provided by such sites at their home pages. Also see the paragraph below under the heading "Hypertext Links". INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE Baby Phat collects personally identifiable information when you request information from . On such occasions, asks for your name, email address, zip code and personal information concerning your interests, occupation, gender and other demographic information. also receives and records information from server logs from your browser including cookie information relating to pages requested and the like. Baby Phat does not seek to collect such information from persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any such information to us. If you are the parent or guardian of a person under the age of 18 who has provided such information to us, please inform us (through the Web site or telephone number listed above) and we will remove such information from our database as described further below. In addition, no person (of any age) is required to provide us with the personally identifiable information we request, including name, address, credit/debit card numbers and other billing information. If you do not wish to provide such information, you are free not to do so. Your provision of requested information to us through our Web site or other means is presumed by us to be voluntary and with your consent to the uses described herein. If after submitting personally identifiable information to us, you wish to "opt-out," please contact us as noted above. However, please know that such a decision will not stop advertising or content that is generated prior to the time when we can accomplish the removal of your information. Moreover, if you have previously opted out, but later consent to sharing your information by accepting a third party's marketing offer, we will share your contact and billing information with that specific third party. Baby Phat uses the information you provide to us to customize advertising and content that we present to you, to contact you concerning specials and new products and to enhance our product offerings and to facilitate your transactions with our third party marketing partners. Baby Phat will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to any third party except when: 

  * You have been given an opportunity to "opt out" of sharing the information and have declined to exercise that right within the time period provided;
  * must share the information in order to provide a product or service that you have requested, in which case we will demand that any third party we use to fulfill your order agree that it does not have the right to use the personally identifiable information other than to fulfill your request; or
  * is required to respond to subpoena, court orders or other legal process requiring such disclosur;
  * you have otherwise consented to provide your information to such third party.



USE OF COOKIES Baby Phat uses cookies to enhance the interactive nature of your Internet experience and to provide a convenient feature to save you time. Cookies enable Baby Phat to quickly retrieve specific information from previous visits and to recall features that you may have customized on your browser. MANAGING YOUR INFORMATION You are entitled to request access to and correction of all your personal data collected by us via this Web site, as well as to require us to delete your data if you no longer want us to process it. You can make such a request or a related inquiry by emailing us or by calling . Please note that there may be a small charge for making an access request or it may be free, depending on the circumstances. You can find out more details by emailing or calling us as provided above. We will keep your data as long as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Statement. You may choose not to receive unsolicited marketing material from and you have the right to request deletion of your account information, subject to 's need to keep appropriate archives of its business operations. SECURITY Baby Phat employs reasonable measures to maintain all personally identifiable information provided by you on computer servers in a controlled and secured environment in an effort to hinder unauthorized access, loss, alteration, use or disclosure of such information. However, the nature of the Internet is such that information may be transmitted over networks without appropriate security measures and may be accessed, deleted, altered, used or disclosed by unauthorized persons. 

Because of the international nature of the services and products provided by this Web site and the nature of Baby Phat's business, personal data may, subject to applicable law, be transferred internationally throughout Baby Phat world-wide (details of which are available on request by emailing or calling us as provided above) for the purposes described above. This may mean that personal data are transferred to countries which do not have laws or regulations which protect personal data, such as the United States, where the server for this Web site is located. We use reasonable measures to limit the disclosure of the data you provide to us only to certain staff within Baby Phat and its affiliates (i.e. staff whose job it is to process your inquiries and survey answers or otherwise to administer the Web site, and those staff involved in the provision of Baby Phat services and products which may be of interest to you) and to require that they process the data only for the purposes identified in this Statement. MODIFICATIONS TO THIS POLICY Baby Phat may make modifications or amendments to this policy from time to time. In the event that such changes alter how Baby Phat gathers, processes, uses or discloses your personally identifiable information, Baby Phat will post such changes on our site. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Baby Phat, its suppliers, licensors, or the original creators of all materials on the Web site own all copyrightable subject matter on this Web site and all trademarks, patents, proprietary information, technologies, products, processes or other proprietary rights of and/or such other parties. No license to or right in any such copyrights, trademarks, patents, proprietary information, technologies, products processes and other proprietary rights of and/or other parties is granted to or conferred upon you. In addition, direct linking, deep linking, framing, page-jacking, metatagging, and using a robot, spider, or automated device of any kind to monitor or copy our Web site is strictly prohibited. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, hereby authorizes you only to copy the content herein solely for your personal and private use in learning about, evaluating, or acquiring products. Except where expressly noted, no other permission is granted to print, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, upload, download, store, display in public, alter, or modify the content contained on this site. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. Any other use of materials on this site, including reproduction for purposes other than those expressly permitted above, modification, distribution, or republication, without prior written permission of is strictly prohibited. Any copy made by you as permitted above must retain all copyright and trademark notices, including any other proprietary notices, contained in the materials. The use of such materials on any other Web site or in any environment of networked computers is prohibited. HYPERTEXT LINKS This site contains hypertext links to sites that are not created or maintained by Baby Phat. This Privacy Policy applies only to this Web site and not to any of these third party Web sites. Baby Phat is not responsible for the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of those third party sites. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation by Baby Phat of the site. Baby Phat disclaims any liability for links (1) from another Web site to and (2) to another Web site from . Baby Phat cannot guarantee the standards of any Web site to which links are provided on this site nor shall Baby Phat be held responsible for the contents of non-Baby Phat sites, or any subsequent links. For this reason, Baby Phat does not represent or warrant that the contents of any third party Web site is accurate, compliant with state or federal law, or compliant with copyright or other intellectual property laws. Baby Phat does not endorse the contents of these third party Web sites in any way. Also, Baby Phat is not responsible for web casting or any other form of transmission received from any linked Web site. Any reliance on the contents of a third party Web site is done at your own risk and you assume all responsibilities and consequences resulting from such reliance. 
