> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the babyoye.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120611053921id_/http%3A//www.babyoye.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## The babyoye.com privacy policy

Welcome to **babyoye.com** ("Website" or **"babyoye.com"** ), an online service provided by **Nest Childcare Services Private Ltd.** This website is owned and operated by **Nest Childcare Services Private Ltd.** ( **'Nest Childcare Services Private Ltd.'** or **'Team babyoye'** , 'we' or 'us'). Our registered office is located at: 6/6 F1, Sector 5 Vashi, Navi Mumbai 400703, Maharashtra. As such, when you become a member of the Website, you are registering with Nest Childcare Services Private Limited. Nest Childcare Services Private Limited is sensitive to your concerns about how we may use and share personal information that we collect from you through the Website or otherwise (e.g. by telephone). We recognize and respect the importance of maintaining the privacy of our visitors and members and have established this Privacy Policy Statement ("Privacy Policy") as a result. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our **Terms of Use** and therefore governs your use of the Websites and/or any services offered by Nest Childcare Services Private Limited. By visiting the Website, and/or utilizing any services offered by Nest Childcare Services Private Limited, you are accepting the then current practices described in the Privacy Policy.  
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at [**care@babyoye.com**](mailto:care@babyoye.com).

### What Information Do We Collect About Our Customers?

The information we learn from customers helps us enhance and personalize the Website and the services we offer. We gather the following types of information:

**Information You Give Us:** We receive and store any information you enter on our Websites or give in any other way (e.g., by telephone). This may include information you provide when you register as a member (either directly or through Facebook), engage in transactions, search, contact customer service, or participate in contests, promotions, surveys, forums, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions or other aspects or services offered by us. As a result, you may be supplying us with information such as your name, address, and phone numbers; and other billing information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; names and e-mail addresses of friends and possible referrals and other people. Please note for online payments babyoye.com does not ask for or capture any information pertaining to your credit/debit cards or information about your internet banking account. All online payment transactions are done at the payment gateway site (we use more than one payment gateway). The payment gateways that we have tied up with are affiliated with established banking institutions and follow guidelines that are published and monitored by the Reserve Bank of India.

**Automatic Information:** We automatically receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, as most websites do, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the Websites. This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis, and it may include the website's Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from, which URL you will go to next, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. Other examples of automatic information we may collect are purchase history, products viewed or searched for, visits to certain pages, page interaction information and the phone number you used to call us. We associate the information we store in cookies to personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.

**Information Provided by Third Parties:** We may obtain certain information of customers from third parties. This may include updated delivery or address information from carriers and information (including name and email addresses) of possible referrals from customers.

### Do We Use Cookies?

Nest Childcare Services Private Limited uses small text files called "cookies" that provide non-personally identifiable information to us regarding the visitors to the Websites. In addition to the URL and IP addresses of our visitors, cookies may gather the date and time of all visits to our Websites. We may also track the pages of our Websites that users viewed during their visit, or track search terms entered on our Websites by that visitor. This helps us keep track of the number of visitors to our Websites and allows us to gauge the areas that are of the most interest to our visitors.  
We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies and other tracking technologies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate. This information is analyzed periodically and is used to gain a broader picture of usage patterns at our site. We may share the non-personally identifiable information gathered through use of cookies with our advertisers and/or business partners, in order to make the Websites as user-friendly as possible. Further, some of our business partners (e.g., advertisers) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Nest Childcare Services Private Limited only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

### How Do We Use the Information We Collect and Do We Share the Information We Receive?

Information about our customers is an important part of our business. Your account is with Nest Childcare Services Private Limited, the owner and operator of the Website, and not with any individual Website, and the information collected through the Website or otherwise is used by Nest Childcare Services Private Limited. We use information we collect from the Websites or otherwise to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized interactive shopping experience, to facilitate your transactions with our third party marketing partners and to inform you of offers and discounts. For example, you can expect to receive a welcoming email to confirm your username and password, we communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request and to manage your account. We also send service related announcements on occasions such as when we need to temporarily suspend our site for maintenance. We also will send you promotional emails on occasion. Generally, you may not opt-out of service related communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to terminate your account. However, you can opt-out of direct promotional communications from the Website by following the unsubscribe instructions within each communication from that Website, or by emailing us at care@babyoye.com. We share customer information with third parties only as follows:

**Third Party Service Providers:** We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf, including fulfillment, delivery, analysis of data, marketing assistance, the processing of credit card payments, and customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but they are not to use it for other purposes.

**Promotional Offers:** We periodically provide our customers with information about third party products and services we believe will be of interest to you and with opportunities to participate in offers and/or promotions on behalf of other businesses. Your participation in these events may require us to share data with such a business. If you do not want to receive such information or offers, on behalf of third parties or otherwise, please opt-out during registration, email us later at [**care@babyoye.com**](mailto:care@babyoye.com) or follow the unsubscribe instructions within each communication.

**Businesses on Babyoye.com:** We may work closely with other businesses (that we don't own or control) that sell products or services on the Website. In some cases, these businesses may operate stores or websites that sell products or services to you directly. In other cases, we operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines jointly with these businesses. We share customer information related to those transactions with that third party.  
**Other Third Parties/Select Partners:** From time to time, we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities who we believe are trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours. These are known as our Select Partners. In such cases, we might share and cross-reference information, including personal information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. We may also combine your personal information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our Select Partners a nd others. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about our products and services that may be of interest to you, and for further promotional purposes.

**Referrer/Referees.** If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend or someone else about our site, we will ask you for your friend's or that person's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend or that person email inviting him or her to visit the site. Your friend may contact us at care@babyoye.com to request that we remove this information from our database.  
**Reviews/Share This/Testimonials.** If you review a product on our site, your review may be posted on one of our Websites as well as on a partners' network site that shares reviews with other shopping communities. When you use "ShareThis" to post to social networking sites or to tell your friends about our site, the information is collected by a third party site to facilitate your postings. "ShareThis" allows you to enter your friend's email address and/or import email contacts from various email service providers. Once the email addresses are imported, you must manually click on each email address you wish to send a communication to. Please note that these third party sites' privacy policies govern the collection and use of the information collected on those sites. You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. When seeking or receiving customer testimonials or feedback, we disclose that we may post their first name along with all or a portion of their testimonial on the Websites unless they inform us otherwise by following the instructions we provide.  
**Merger/Sale:** In the event that Nest Childcare Services Private Limited, all or substantially all of its assets, or a line of business of Nest Childcare Services Private Limited, is acquired, individually identifying information of our members may be one of the assets sold in connection with that transaction, without notice to you or your consent. We will notify users of the Websites of such a change in ownership or transfer of assets by posting a notice on the Websites.  
**Bankruptcy.** In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used. Therefore, you should know that in such event, your personal information may be treated like any other asset of Nest Childcare Services Private Limited, and sold, transferred or shared with third parties, or used in ways not contemplated or permitted hereunder, without notice to you or your consent.  
**Protection of Nest Childcare Services Private Limited, Users of our Websites, and Others:** We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law and/or a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on Nest Childcare Services Private Limited; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Nest Childcare Services Private Limited, our Website users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

### How Secure Is the Personal Information You Collect?

We have taken precautions, including the deployment of technological resources and the use of firewalls, systems and procedures, to protect the security of your personal information. While no security system is absolutely foolproof, we are constantly reviewing, refining and upgrading our security technology to protect your privacy. When you open an account with Nest Childcare Services Private Limited, you are issued a password by which to access and secure your account and account information. Although we have taken these precautions, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password, which should not be disclosed by you. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.

### Links

Our Websites contain links to other websites. We have no control over the content, policies or actions of these sites, even if you are offered services on those sites because you have established an account with Nest Childcare Services Private Limited. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every websites that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by Nest Childcare Services Private Limited, through our Websites or otherwise.

### Minors

You must be 18 years of age or older to become a member of our Websites and establish an account with Nest Childcare Services Private Limited. We do not collect information from minors.

### Changing Your Personal Information

You may review, change or correct your personally identifying information at any time by accessing your account information on the Websites or calling us at the contact information below. You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy and completeness of your personal and other information, including your e-mail address, and we urge you to review your information regularly to ensure that it is correct and complete.

### Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions

If you choose to visit the Websites and/or use Nest Childcare Services Private Limited's services, your visit and/or any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy Statement and our Terms of Use. If you have any concern about privacy at Nest Childcare Services Private Limited, please contact us (see details below).  
Our Privacy Policy Statement, the Terms of Use and other terms and conditions may change from time to time. In the event of a change, the revised policies or terms and conditions will be posted immediately to our Websites. You should check the Websites frequently to see recent changes. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy Statement applies to all information that we have about you.

### Contact Us:

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at [**care@babyoye.com**](mailto:care@babyoye.com) or call us at 1-800-209-2229 (Intl. Customers: +91 22662 50000).
