> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the baby-markt.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-07-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140707220152id_/http%3A//www.baby-markt.com/en/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BABY MARKT Online-Shop | Privacy Policy | purchase online

**Privacy Policy**

Data Protection and Security

All personal data is treated as confidential by baby-markt.com. Our Data Protection Policy is in accordance with the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG).  
The following provides information on the details of data protection in our company. 

1\. Reasons for Collection of Data

We collect and process your data to cultivate our business relations in order to provide best service to you through convenient access to our products and services and in order to offer you the maximum scope of service in processing your assignment, i.e. your order, delivery and payment. 

2\. Purpose of Collecting, Processing or Using Data

The purpose of our company is mail-order selling of baby and toddler supplies. Collection, processing, transmission and use of data are conducted for the practice of the above-named purposes. 

3\. Which Data is Collected, Processed and Used?

You can visit our online shop without leaving personal data: For surfing without registration, we do not collect personal data, but set a cookie for the so-called session-ID. As standard procedure, information such as your IP-address, time of day and duration of your visit, operating system, browser and page views are registered. 

If you register as a customer, we collect data via the registration forms which you fill in. This includes your name, your address including your e-mail address, details related to your requested mode of payment and information concerning the respective assignment. Additionally, we set cookies as far as you allow them. 

We store data relating to your order in the context of order history and send the order related data to you via e-mail. You can access data relating to your current and previous orders at "

 _[My Account / Order Status](https://www.baby-markt.com/index.php?cl=account)_

". For our Terms and Conditions please click [here](http://www.baby-markt.com/en/Terms-and-Conditions-com/).

Furthermore, we require information regarding your person, if you subscribe to our newsletter or similar advertising material, or if you contact us for other reasons.

In our online shop, information regarding surfing behaviour of visitors to our website is collected and stored for marketing purposes. This information is made anonymous. Surfing behaviour stored in cookies is analysed by means of an algorithm, so that specific product recommendations can be displayed later in the form of advertising banners or advertisements on websites of third parties respectively. Additionally, this data is used for design and optimising of the internet service in relation to demand. Affiliation to persons is precluded by not storing IP-addresses, or by storing shortened IP-addresses only. The tracking tools are not used for unnoticed collection of personal data, for transmission of such data to third-party suppliers or to marketing platforms, or for connection of this data to your personal data (name, address, etc.). 

4\. Principles of Collecting Data

We adhere to the principle of data economics and avoidance of data. This means, we collect and use only as much data as is absolutely necessary for processing the ordering process and for communicating with you. 

  
This also includes e.g. all data which we are legally obliged to process and store in accounting. 

Your personal data is stored only if you provide it of your own accord during your registration as a customer on our websites. We store this data with your consent as your personal profile, so that you can conveniently register with your user name and password during future visits to our website. This means you will not have to enter your address repeatedly with every new order. You can object to the utilisation of this data at any time. In this case, however, a complete registration is required for every new order. 

Furthermore, we register data provided by you if you subscribe to our newsletter. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and allow for analysis of your use of the website. The information regarding your use of this website that is generated by the cookie is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. In case IP-disguise is activated on this website, your IP-address is shortened beforehand by Google inside member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the agreement on the European Economic Area. Only exceptionally, a full IP-address is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to analyse your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities and to provide the operator of this website with further services related to website use and internet use. The IP-address transmitted through Google Analytics from your browser is not joined with other data of Google. You can prevent cookies from being set by adjustment of the settings of your browser software. However, we would like to inform you that you may not be able to use all functions of the website fully.  Furthermore, you can prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie (relating to your use of the website, including to your IP-address) by Google and the processing of this data by Google. To do so please download and install the browser-plugin available at the following link: [Browser-Add-on zur Deaktivierung von Google Analytics](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de).

5\. Cookies

To make shopping in our shop more comfortable for you, we use the so-called cookie-technology. Among other things, cookies ensure that you are greeted personally at your next visit, or that you are provided with information tailored to your personal interests. 

Cookies are text files that are saved on the user’s computer upon visit to a website. Cookies do not contain data relevant to security or personal data. Furthermore, cookies cannot transmit viruses, spy out data on your computer or send unnoticed e-mails. Also, any web server can only read out those cookies that have been set by that same server.   
In contrast to many other websites, you can also shop with us if you set your browser to declining cookies – your shopping will only be a little less comfortable. If you surf without registration, no personal data is collected. Only the cookie for the so-called session-ID is set.

Insofar as you have set your browser to accepting cookies, we set a cookie for customer ID-number, the name in encrypted form, the session and the so called session-ID each (for registered customers). Additionally, we set two further cookies to make shopping more convenient for you – for example for product recommendations and individual layout. 

If you reach our website via a link established as part of the partnership program on the website of an affiliate-partner, we set a cookie for settling expenses with this partner. Other partner set own cookies with an anonymous ID, e.g. for product recommendations in the context of retargeting-campaigns. Here, no conclusions regarding your personal data can be drawn. 

Session-cookies are deleted with closing of the browser. Cookies for recognition of new and regular customers are deleted after 60 months. All other cookies concerning your person are deleted after one year. Cookies by partners have a maximum term of 60 days.

If you do not want to make use of the advantages provided by cookies, you can modify cookie-treatment in the security settings of your browser. 

This procedure varies between browsers. In the following, we outline it for Internet Explorer 6.0:

1\. Select "Internet Options" in the menu option "Extra"   
2\. Click on the tab "Data Protection"  
3\. Now you can determine whether cookies should be accepted, selected or declined

4\. Confirm your settings by pressing "OK" 

To make full use of all functions and services provided by [www.baby-markt.com](http://www.baby-markt.com/), we recommend keeping reception of cookies activated.

6\. Passing on Data

Your data required for business processing is stored and used for processing orders. In this process, data may be transmitted to connected companies (logistics companies) and to companies concerned with delivery of your goods. Transmission of data is conducted via 128bit - 256bit AES-encryption, depending on the browser used. We will request and use your personal data for processing of your order, as well as for own marketing campaigns, such as newsletters. 

To offer you the best possible payment options and to avoid complications in payment transactions, we protect you and ourselves from misuse. Therefore, we receive information regarding your previous payment history from BFS finance GmbH, Gütersloher Str. 123, 33145 Verl, from infoscore Consumer Data GmbH, Rheinstr. 99, 76532 Baden-Baden. Information regarding creditworthiness based on mathematical-statistical procedures under utilisation of address data is received via BFS finance GmbH, Gütersloher Straße 123, 33415 Verl, from informa Unternehmensberatung GmbH, Rheinstraße 99, 76532 Baden-Baden. 

In individual cases, we may be forced to disclose your data due to legal provisions or legal proceedings. Furthermore, we may disclose information relating to you if this is in the public interest, for example in case of proven misuse or credit card fraud. 

  
Regarding questions connected to this automatic check of creditworthiness, we ourselves cannot provide any information due to reasons of data protection. Please address your request in writing to:

 

BFS finance GmbH  
Rheinstraße 99  
76527 Baden-Baden

7\. Use of Your Data for Purposes of Advertising 

In addition to using your data for processing your purchase with Babymarkt.de GmbH, we also use your data to communicate with you regarding your order, to communicate specific products or marketing campaigns and to recommend products or services to you that might interest you. You may object to use of your data for purposes of advertising at any time, for specific campaigns or generally without incurring any costs other than transmission costs of the basic rates.  A written message to the contact details given under number 10 (privacy@babymarkt.com) is sufficient.

7.1 Newsletter

Insofar as you have actively given your consent, we will regularly send you our e-mail newsletter. For sending the newsletter, we use the Double Opt-In procedure. This means, we will only send you a newsletter after you have clicked on a link in our notification e-mail that confirms that we should activate the newsletter-service. Newsletter data, such as e-mail address, and optional information, such as form of address, name, first name, postcode and place of residence and date of birth (as far as provided by you) are transmitted to our service provider Optivo who stores the data on our behalf and is commissioned to send newsletters. They do not, however, transmit or pass on this data to third parties. Of course you can unsubscribe at any time. 

7.2 Product Recommendations via E-Mail 

As a customer of Babymarkt.de GmbH you regularly receive product recommendations via e-mail. You will receive this information irrespective of whether you have subscribed to the newsletter or not. This way, we would like to inform you about products in our range that might interest you in light of previous purchases in our online shop. In this, we strictly adhere to legal provisions. If you do not want to receive product recommendations or other advertising news from us, you may object to these e-mails at any time without incurring any costs other than transmission costs of the basic rates.  A written message to the contact details given under number 10 (privacy@babymarkt.com) is sufficient.  
Of course, you may also use the unsubscribe link contained in every e-mail message. 

7.3 Customised Advertisements for You 

The information we receive from you helps us improve your shopping experience permanently. Information transmitted by you and generated automatically is used to generate advertisement customised to your preferences. For this purpose, we use available information, such as confirmations of receipt and reading of e-mails, information concerning computer and connection to the internet, operating system, and platform, your order history, your service history, date and time of the visit to the homepage, products you have looked at. We only use this information in pseudonymised form. Through analysis and interpretation of this information, we are able to improve our website and our internet service, as well as to send you customised advertisements. This means advertisements recommending products which may indeed interest you. It is our goal to make or advertisement more useful and more interesting to you. Therefore, interpretation and analysis of the pseudonymised data collected from you helps us select advertisement for you instead of sending it randomly. Instead, we send you advertisements, such as newsletters or product recommendations via e-mail or mail which might interest you. Therefore, we e.g. also compare, which of our advertisement e-mails you open in order to avoid sending you unnecessary e-mails. 

I consent to Babymarkt.de GmbH using the data provided by myself and further information stored regarding my customer account, as well as pseudonymised usage data to send me customized advertising and/or to present special offers and services.

If you do not wish to receive customised advertising, you may object at any time, in general or to specific campaigns. A written message to the contact details given under number 10 (privacy@babymarkt.com) is sufficient.

8\. Reviews by Clients and of Products 

For purposes of customer rating and product rating by customers of the online shop, and for quality management, we have integrated the evaluation software by eKomi - The Feedback company into our own websites. After purchasing, customers can register an anonymous rating of our shop. For this purpose, we would like to send you an e-mail within 14 days of shipment of the goods, to ask you for your opinion. At any time, you retain the right to object to the use or to refrain from conducting the customer evaluation. 

eKomi have obliged themselves to data protection appropriate treatment of your transmitted data. They undertake all organisational and technical measures to protect your data. Thus, our customers are queried through a web based Social Commerce SaaS Technology, to gain an authentic and valuable customer feedback. At first, eKomi does not receive customer data from the database of our online shop via the interface. Only anonymous customer-IDs of the ordering process are transmitted over the interface. Only in a customer dialogue does eKomi, as a mediator, receive the concurring e-mail address to make contact. For this procedure, the e-mail address is used again with the customer for the purpose of verification and for communication between the customer, our online-shop and eKomi. By placing an order in our online shop, you automatically consent to an electronic request of evaluation by our service provider eKomi. You are free to ignore this request for rating or to add eKomi to your spam-regulations, beforehand. Your opinion, however, is a great help to us and other customers. 

9\. SSL-Encryption

We have developed organisational and technical measures to reliably protect the data received from you. Intense information and training of our employees, as well as their obligation to data secrecy ensure that your data is treated confidentially.    
Sensitive data transmissions are encrypted by SSL-certificates (Secure-Soket-Layer) of Thawte Server CA (RSA 1024 Bit). Currently, this is the most widely used and safest procedure of data transmission over the internet. 

10\. Queries regarding Data Protection, Refusing Use of Data for Purposes of Advertising 

  
According to the Federal Data Protection Act, you are entitled to information regarding your stored data free of charge, as well as a right to possible correction, blocking or deletion of this data. 

Users are asked to address any queries regarding actuality, correction or deletion of their personal data, as well as all requests for information relating to their personal data to: 

_[privacy@babymarkt.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20140707220152id_/http://www.baby-markt.com/en/Privacy-Policy/privacy@babymarkt.com)_

The responsible party as defined by the Federal Data Protection Act is babymarkt.de GmbH, Wulfshofstraße 22, 44149 Dortmund. 

We will be happy to answer your questions regarding our privacy policy and are looking forward to your feedback. Please address your message to our data protection supervisor at:

 _[privacy@babymarkt.com](mailto:privacy@babymarkt.com)_

Philip Lütgenau / Data Protection Supervisor

11\. Retargeting Technologies

This website uses retargeting-technology. It allows us to address advertisement to those users on websites of our partners, who have already shown interest in our shop and our range of products. We know from surveys that displaying customized, interest-related advertisements is more interesting to the internet user than advertisements that do not have this personal component. In retargeting, the advertising means are displayed based on a cookie-based analysis of previous user behaviour. Of course, no personal data is stored in this process, either. Use of retargeting-technology is made in adherence to valid legal data protection provisions.  Therefore, baby-markt.com cooperates with the Kupona company, which specialises in retargeting technology. 

On this website, so-called retargeting-technologies of the Criteo GmbH, KUPONA GmbH, (henceforth called ”provider“) are used to gather information regarding the surfing behaviour of visitors to the website. This information is gathered in anonymised form for purposes of advertising and stored in “cookie“-text files on your computer. The provider analyses surfing behaviour by means of an algorithm. Afterwards, specific product recommendations can be displayed as interesting, customised advertisement banners on other websites. In no case can this data be used to identify the visitor to this website personally. If you should nonetheless wish to have no personalised advertising banners by babymarkt.de shown to you, you may object to this collection and storage of data for the future. Click on the button displayed in any advertising banner (e.g. “i“) to access the respective website of the provider. There, the systematics of retargeting-technology is explained to you again and the option of signing off (“Opt-out“) is offered. If you sign off with the provider, a so-called “Opt-out“ cookie is stored on your computer that prevents display of the provider’s advertising banners in the future. Please note that this signing off can only be conducted from your computer if you do not wish to be shown any personalised advertising banners by baby-markt.com in the future. Additionally, the related “Opt-out“-cookies must not be deleted from your computer.

12\. Use of Facebook Plug-ins

www.baby-markt.com uses Social Plug-ins of Facebook to make the online shop more personal. Among other things, we use the "LIKE"-button. This is a service of the US-American Company Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA). 

If you visit a page of [www.baby-markt.com](http://www.baby-markt.com/) that contains such a Plug-in, your browser connects to Facebook and the contents are loaded by Facebook. Your visit to the pages of www.baby-markt.com may therefore possibly be tracked by Facebook, if you have a Facebook account or have already visited a website with Facebook Social Plug-ins. Additionally, Facebook directly receives information from you if you use such a Social Plug-in (e.g. by clicking on the LIKE-button). This is necessary to share information with your friends. Baby-markt.com has no influence over contents of these plug-ins or over transmission of information to Facebook.  
Facebook provides detailed information regarding scope, nature, purpose and processing of your data in their Privacy [Policy](http://www.baby-markt.com/en/Privacy-Policy/). An overview of Facebook Plug-ins is available here: <http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/>

We declare that we, as providers of the pages, do neither gain knowledge of the contents of data transmitted, nor of its utilisation by Facebook. Further information is provided by Facebook’s policy available at <http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php>. If you do not wish for Facebook to be able to assign your visit to our websites to your Facebook account, please log-out of your Facebook account. 

13\. Use of a Web-Analysis-Tool

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google“). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies“, text files that are stored on your computer and that allow for an analysis of your use of the website. The information regarding your use of this website that is generated by the cookie is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. In case IP-disguise is activated on this website, your IP-address is shortened beforehand by Google inside member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the agreement on the European Economic Area. 

Only exceptionally, a full IP-address is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to analyse your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities and to provide the operator of this website with further services related to website use and internet use. The IP-address transmitted through Google Analytics from your browser is not joined with other data of Google.

You can prevent cookies from being set by adjustment of the settings of your browser software. However, we would like to inform you that you may not be able to use all functions of the website fully.  Furthermore, you can prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie (relating to your use of the website, including to your IP-address) by Google and the processing of this data by Google. To do so please download and install the browser-plugin available at the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.[SV|bG1] 

For design appropriate to demand and for optimizing this website, solutions and technologies of econda GmbH (www.econda.de) are used on this website to collect and store anonymised data and usage profiles are generated from this data under use of pseudonyms. For this purpose, cookies may be set that allow for the recognition of an internet browser. 

However, usage profiles are not connected to data relating to the carrier of the pseudonym without express consent of the visitor. Especially IP-addresses are disguised immediately after reception, so that assignment of usage profiles to IP-addresses is not possible. Visitors to this website can object to this collection and storage of data for the future at any time. To do so please click here. 

Valid as of: January 2013

babymarkt.de GmbH - Data Protection and Security 01/2013

Baby-Markt.com offers baby products at constantly low prices! Shipment within Germany is free for orders in excess of € 20,-!

¹ Manufacturers‘ recommended retail price, all prices include VAT. Shipping cost not included, free shipment within Germany for orders in excess of € 20.
