> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the babygaga.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160624192853id_/http%3A//www.babygaga.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - BabyGaga BabyGaga

BabyGaga.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for all of our Internet services, including Web and e-mail.

## Collection of Data and Use your Information

We use your IP address and browser information to help diagnose problems with our server and to gather broad demographic information. Some services require registration, which requires users to give us contact information (such as name and e-mail address). During registration, the user may also optionally provide demographic information (like their postal or zip code, age, and occupation). This information is not mandatory.

Any user may cancel or opt-out of any service or future mailing; see the Choice/Opt-Out section below. This site contains links to other sites. BabyGaga.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. We use outside ad companies to display ads and collect information on our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here This site passively collects anonymous information using cookies, internet tags or web beacons, as well as navigational data tracking (server log files and/or third-party web statistics services). Further, third parties may be placing and reading cookies on End Users’ browsers, or using web beacons or similar technologies to collect information which may include information about End Users options for cookie managements. This information is automatically transmitted to us via your web browser, such as the URL of the website you just came from before reaching BabyGaga.com, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, and some browser and computer details (like which browser you are using, or the resolution of your monitor). You may configure your browser to either disallow cookies or notify you of when cookies are requested by our site, although this may result in a reduced set of features available to you in the functioning of the site. Notwithstanding any other provision in this policy, in visiting this site, a third-party advertiser (or its partners) may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. These cookies enable more customized ads, content or services to be provided to you. To trigger these cookies, we may pass an encrypted or “hashed” (non-human readable) identifier corresponding to your email address to a Web advertising partner, who may place a cookie on your computer. No personally identifiable information is on, or is connected to, these cookies. To opt-out of these cookies, please go to http://www.privacychoice.org/companies or http://www.aboutads.info/choices. We use the passively collected information so that we may analyze statistics and trends in order to provide you with a better service, such as improved navigation or user interfaces.

Although registration for some services and/or the furnishing of personal information outlined above is not necessary in order to visit BabyGaga.com, if you register or wish to take advantage of the products and services BabyGaga offers you will have to provide certain personal information (name, address, etc). If you do submit any information, it will or may be used/ shared as stated in this privacy policy or as otherwise permitted by law. We may use your personal information in order to contact you for the purposes of providing site updates of BabyGaga and other reasons outlined herein or in our terms.

We may use your provided information for any and all marketing purposes such as special offers from partners, coupons and information that we deem relevant to you. These forms of contact may include direct mailing, e-mailing, etc.

We use reasonable security methods to contact all data that we collect and store, including but not limited to personal information and demographic information. We cannot and do not insure that our systems are impenetrable or that data is not intercepted while being transmitted to or from us over the Internet or by other means. In the event we sell or transfer all or a substantial portion of our assets, then we reserve the right to transfer to a third-party any and all data and information that we have obtained or have stored. We also reserve the right to disclose any and all information and data that we have obtained or have stored to appropriate law enforcement authorities if we reasonably suspect that a user of our web site or of services or products made available through the use of our web site is engaging in or has engaged in any illegal activity as outlined by our terms of local law.

You may opt out from receiving any of these mailings outlined herein.

By using this site and providing us with your information, you agree to the present Privacy Policy and all of the Terms outlined on our site and this policy. If you do not agree to be bound by and comply with all of the foregoing, you may not access or use our information, services, or website.

We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy or these terms at any time. Any and all updates shall be displayed herein.

## Public Forums

Portions of this site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.

## Choice or Opt-out

Our site requires registration for subscription-based services such as our newsletter. Nevertheless, our site always provides users the opportunity to cancel or “opt-out” of receiving any communication from us. This option is available on our website, and is also explained in the content of the subscription services themselves. This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. a) reply to team@BabyGaga.com with the subject heading “UNSUBSCRIBE” b) to uncheck all newsletter options from your personalized subscription options page, which can be accessed by clicking the subscription options link at the footer of emails that we send out to you.

## Facebook

When using Facebook to register a new account this site may access information from Facebook to personalize your experience. Other than publicly available information this site will request the users Birthday, Email address and text from the About Me section of their Facebook profile. Once registered this data will be retained byBabyGaga.com and may be edited by the user in their account. The forums and member pages of the site can display a users Facebook profile picture and will keep it current with profile picture changes on Facebook. Users are asked if they wish to use their profile picture in this way upon registration and can opt out at any time on the privacy page of their account. This site contains features that can publish users forum posts and show them to a users Facebook friends. Permission will always be requested from a user at the point of posting and information published in this way can be removed from within Facebook if published in error. “Social Plugin” buttons and boxes containing Facebook content may appear on this site to create more social experiences for users. BabyGaga.com receives none of the information in these boxes. The content in these social plugins comes directly from Facebook. When clicking “Like” or make a comment using a social plugin, a users activity may be published on Facebook and shown to their Facebook friends who see a plugin on the site. The things a user likes may also appear on their Facebook profile based on settings within Facebook.
