> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bounceweb.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080615185010id_/http%3A//www.bounceweb.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bounceweb Web Hosting - Privacy Policy

We value your privacy at Bounceweb, we have created a privacy policy to protect what's most important to you.

#### Bounceweb.com is Committed to Serving its Customers

One of the ways in which Bounceweb.com assures its customers with quality service is through safeguarding the privacy of each individual that visits our website or becomes one of our customers. This policy sets for the manner in which Bounceweb.com gathers, processes, stores and organizes the information provided by our users as they visit our website.  In an evolving technological environment, we must all understand that with technology there is change and as such, **Bounceweb.com will use its best efforts to afford its customers and users the newest developments in privacy protection.** Like all of our standards, this policy too may change from time to time so we ask that you review these policies each time you visit our website. No matter what type of information that is provided through the Bounceweb.com website **Bounceweb.com will protect the confidentiality of its customer's information, account information and personal information to the fullest extent possible.** However, please note that information irrespective of type, once disclosed to a public arena (such as chat rooms or third party sites) can not be guaranteed by the protection of Bounceweb.com.

#### Personally Identifiable Information

This type of information which normally consists of names, addresses, e-mail addresses, credit card numbers, orders or request for services, will only be used in order to complete your request and provide you with the services. Unless otherwise instructed by you, Bounceweb.com may often use this information for promotional purposes, advising you of new services and products, and improving upon the services we provide to our customers. All of your credit card and purchasing information is highly secured through commercially acceptable web-based security and encryption protocols. However, please note that certain personal and voluntary information which you provide on other websites such as feedback or opinions may be deemed non-confidential and un-protected by Bounceweb.com from disclosure.

#### General Information

This refers to the generic information gathered and stored by Bounceweb.com automatically while users are browsing through our website.This information is not personal in nature. It simply provides us with the user's Internet provider, website reference, and date and frequency of usage. Such information is useful for us in generating statistical information, in measuring website activity, and a means in which we can improve upon our services.

#### Minor's Policy

Children under the age of 18 are prohibited from using our services without the consent of a parent or guardian. However, it must be noted that Bounceweb.com has no way of knowing if a visitor or customer is actually under the age of 18. Therefore, it's entirely possible that we may collect, use and disclose information about users under the age of 18. We encourage parents to monitor their child's use of the Internet and advise those users under the age of 18 to obtain parental or guardian consent before disclosing any information.

#### Exceptions

Bounceweb.com will not disclose any of its customer’s personal information unless there is reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of Bounceweb.com, Bounceweb.com's customers, or others, or where Bounceweb.com has a good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure. In addition, Bounceweb.com will not disclose or monitor any content (personal or private electronic communications transmitted to Bounceweb.com) unless it is (i) necessary to provide service to the customer; (ii) to protect the interest of Bounceweb.com; (iii) required to cooperate with orders, warrants, subpoenas, or other legal processes that Bounceweb.com determines in its sole discretion to be valid and enforceable or (iv) where content is inadvertently obtained by Bounceweb.com and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime and must be provided to a law enforcement agency.

By using this site, you agree not to write or post any fraudulent or illegal messages as part of any e-mail, forum, chat, or other Bounceweb.com-related electronic communications medium. You also acknowledge that you are solely responsible for the information and electronic communications content that you create. Bounceweb.com disclaims any intention to censor, edit or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by customers or others. Bounceweb.com will, however, receive, delete or block access to communications that may be harmful to Bounceweb.com, its customer or third parties. The grounds upon which Bounceweb.com may take such action may include, without limitation, actual or potential violations of Bounceweb.com's Acceptable Use Policy.

In the event of a sale or transfer of the assets or interest of Bounceweb.com, Bounceweb.com reserves the right to sell or transfer your information (personal or generic) to a third party, without your consent, that provides the same or similar services as Bounceweb.com, agrees to be Bounceweb.com's successor in interest with regard to the protection of the information collected and maintained by Bounceweb.com, and agrees to be bound by this privacy policy.
