> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bounty.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150609234730id_/http%3A//www.bounty.com/info/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE BOUNTY (UK) LIMITED WEBSITE AND BOUNTY SERVICES

Please read our Privacy Policy. 

The nature of our Site and of the Bounty Services means that we will gather, use and disclose (together "Use") certain Personal Information (as defined below). This statement sets out the principles governing our Use of your Personal Information. By using our Site and the Bounty Services you agree to this Use in accordance with your stated preferences which may be changed at any time in your user profile.

  1. When you use the Bounty Services and/or the services contained on the Site you will need to provide certain personal information including but not limited to your name, postal address, e-mail address and date of birth (“Personal Information”) as well as information pertaining to your children if you choose to do so. We will store this Personal Information securely and use it to provide you with information and for the normal use and improvement of the Site as well as for the purpose of marketing communications. 
  2. By using this Site and/or the Bounty Services and accepting these Terms and Conditions you consent to being contacted for marketing purposes in accordance with your set preferences. If you would like to review or modify any part of your Personal Information then you can do so at any time by editing your user profile. We may transfer or disclose Personal Information if required to disclose such information by law. We may also transfer or disclose Personal Information to our professional advisers and to such other parties as we consider necessary, in the administration of our Site, Bounty Services and our related business.
  3. Subject to you setting certain preferences when prompted on the Site or via a form on collection of a Bounty Pack and providing your consent, we may transfer or disclose your Personal Information to selected third parties who may contact you with details of products or services which may interest you. This may be where you have given your consent to being contacted by third parties by opting in for such communications either during the registration process for Bounty.com or via another of the Bounty Services.  Your preferences may be changed at any time in your user profile. If you have opted to received marketing from selected third parties this will include companies within the following industries/retail sectors: charitable organisations, comparison websites, general retailers, fashion and leisure goods, financial services providers, household goods, insurance providers, health and welfare, mobile telecommunication companies, travel and leisure pursuits, electricity, gas, water and multi-utility companies, general marketing and food producers.
  4. Subject to you setting certain preferences when prompted on the Site or via a form on collection of a Bounty Pack and providing your consent, we may also pass your Personal Information to our business associates and affiliates (including those outside the European Economic Area) who may contact you with details of products or services which may interest you.  Your preferences may be changed at any time in your user profile.
  5. When you use our Bounty Services, we gather certain information about you including details of your operating system, browser version, domain name and IP address, the URL you came from and go to and the parts of the Site you visit. We may also gather statistics, traffic patterns and related Site information. We may use such data or disclose it to third parties for marketing, advertising, profiling or other promotional purposes.
  6. A cookie is a small file, which is stored by our browser on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies in accordance with our Cookies Policy which can be found [here](http://www.bounty.com/info/cookie-policy "Cookies"). We use cookies to store information such as your user ID and your session identifiers. Our site is designed to bring you personalised content and communications. 
  7. You may change your cookies settings by following the instructions set out in the Cookie Policy. However, if you select this setting your experience of the Site may be affected. For example, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site, the Site will not be tailored to bring you the most relevant communications and you will need to log in each time you use the Site rather than remain logged in. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our Site.
  8. Please note that third parties advertising on our Site may also use cookies, over which we have no control. 
  9. While we will take all reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information, unfortunately we cannot guarantee the security of any Personal Information you disclose online and any transmission of your Personal Information is at your own risk. You accept the inherent security implications of providing information on-line over the internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent or in wilful default.
  10. We may make changes to our Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes we may make in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
  11. You may also ask us any further questions relating to our Privacy Policy by sending an email to [privacy@bounty.com](mailto:privacy@bounty.com).


