> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the us-appliance.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122080233id_/http%3A//www.us-appliance.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

_This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. Please see the[Yahoo! Privacy Policy](http://privacy.yahoo.com/privacy/us/) for more information about how Yahoo! uses this information._

  **Privacy Statement for US Appliance®** (last updated 03/07/2011) 

US Appliance has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: www.us-appliance.com, which is owned and operated by US Appliance. We do not share, sell, trade, or rent your personal information to third parties for any reasons except as outlined in this privacy policy. 

We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. We do not link IP address/ log files to personally identifiable information. 

US Appliance, through its Web site www.us-appliance.com, collects your personal order information for processing your payments and arranging your appliance delivery. Your credit card information is shared back with the credit card company for making payment. Of course, we also then provide your address and contact information to our shipping companies in order for them to make the delivery. US Appliance maintains these privacy standards. The Web site is hosted by Yahoo, which does not own or use personal information you provide when placing orders. The order information you enter is collected by Yahoo and then transmitted back to US Appliance. 

Our site uses an order form for customers to purchase products. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address, phone number and address) and financial information (like their credit card number). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. 

Your information will be used to contact you regarding your order, payment and delivery. We may occasionally send you information on products, special deals and promotions. You can sign up for these emails from us any time. Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications. We will not sell your information to anyone. We use MyBuys to email product recommendations to consumers that subscribe on our site. When you sign up to receive special offers from US Appliance, we will share your email address as necessary for MyBuys to provide that service. To unsubscribe, follow the unsubscribe link that appears at the end of each email. MyBuys is prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. 

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide your services contact us at [help@us-appliance.com](mailto:help@us-appliance.com).  We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

If you wish to change, update or request the removal of personal information previously provided to our site, please email us at [help@us-appliance.com](mailto:sales@us-appliance.com) with your changes and we will update our records. Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site, to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.  If US Appliance is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

The ordering information you provide - including credit card information - is secured using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology via Yahoo! servers. Yahoo! uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption when transmitting certain kinds of information, such as financial services information or payment information. An icon resembling a padlock is displayed on the bottom of most browsers window during SSL transactions that involve credit cards and other forms of payment. Any time a Yahoo! asks for a credit card number during checkout for payment, it will be SSL encrypted. The information you provide will be stored securely on Yahoo!’s servers. This SSL technology is used to prevent such information from being intercepted and read as it is transmitted over the Internet. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is, 100% secure, however.  Therefore we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by US-Appliance.com. Please be aware that we, US Appliance, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site. When you use "Share This" to bookmark and share our products and site, you will be taken to a third party site. Please note that these third party sites’ privacy policies govern the collection and use of the information collected on those sites. 

This Web site utilizes framing techniques to make it appear that the user is still on the site when the user is actually on a third party Web site. For example, if you are on a page that has the look and feel of www.us-appliance.com but the URL listed in your browser is a different URL than www.us-appliance.com, then know that the information is being collected by this third party and their Privacy Policy governs the collection and use of this information.

This Web site retains data elements associated with known fraudulent transactions, uses such data in connection with fraud detection and prevention efforts, and shares such data with third-parties for fraud detection and prevention and related purposes.  

A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. We use persistent cookies which remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file. We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you don’t have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as contests or surveys, may be limited. Some of our business partners (e.g., advertisers) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies. 

We use third-party tracking services that uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate, e.g., usage and volume statistics to measure advertising results.  
We use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Web site, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other Web sites to target advertisements for goods and services. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service provider, please [click here.](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

Third-Party Web Beacons: We use third-party web beacons to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our Web site. They may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!, [click here](https://reports.web.analytics.yahoo.com/optout,OptOut.vm?domain=a.analytics.yahoo.com) or by Google Analytics, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). 

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Web site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact: 

Attn: General Manager  
111 Corporate Drive  
Auburn Hills, MI 48326  
[help@us-appliance.com](mailto:help@us-appliance.com)

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. 

We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the changes becoming effective. 
