> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the web-hosting.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061219172338id_/http%3A//www.webhostplus.com/privacy-policy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Web Host Plus - Privacy Policy

|  |   |   
Web Host Plus is committed to serving its customers  
One of the ways in which Web Host Plus assures its customers with quality service is through safeguarding the privacy of each individual that visits our website or becomes one of our customers. This policy sets for the manner in which Web Host Plus gathers, processes, stores and organizes the information provided by our users as they visit our website. Being in an evolving technological environment, we must all understand that with technology there is change and as such Web Host Plus will use its best efforts to afford its customers and users the newest developments in privacy protection. Like all of our standards, this policy too may change from time to time so we ask that you review these policies each time you visit our website.

No matter what type of information that is provided through the Web Host Plus website, Web Host Plus will protect the confidentiality of its customer's information, account information and personal information to the fullest extent possible. However, please note that information, irrespective of type, once disclosed to a public arena (such as chat rooms or third party sites) can not be guaranteed by the protection of Web Host Plus.

Personally Identifiable Information  
This type of information which normally consists of names, addresses, email addresses, credit card numbers, orders or request for services, will only be used in order to complete your request and provide you with the services. Unless otherwise instructed by you, Web Host Plus may often use this information for promotional purposes, advising you of new services and products, and improving upon the services we provide to our customers. All of your credit card and purchasing information is highly secured through commercially acceptable web based security and encryption protocols. However, please note that certain personal and voluntary information which you provide on other websites, such as feedback or opinions, may be deemed non-confidential and un-protected by Web Host Plus from disclosure.General Information  
This refers to the generic information gathered and stored by Web Host Plus automatically while users are browsing through our website. This information is not personal in nature. It simply provides us with the user's Internet provider, web site reference, and date and frequency of usage. Such information is useful for us in generating statistical information, in measuring website activity, and a means in which we can improve upon our services.Children's Policy  
Children under the age of 18 are prohibited from using our services without the consent of a parent or guardian. However, it must be noted that Web Host Plus has no way of knowing if a visitor or customer is actually under the age of 18. Therefore, it's entirely possible that we may collect, use and disclose information about users under the age of 18. We encourage parents to monitor their child's use of the Internet and advise those users under the age of 18 to obtain parental or guardian consent before disclosing any information.Exceptions  
Web Host Plus will not disclose any personal information of its customer unless there is reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone which may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of Web Host Plus, Web Host Plus's customers, or others, or where Web Host Plus has good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure. In addition, Web Host Plus will not disclose or monitor any content (personal or private electronic communications transmitted to Web Host Plus) unless it is (i) necessary to provide service to the customer; (ii) to protect the interest of Web Host Plus; (iii) required to cooperate with orders, warrants, subpoenas, or other legal process that Web Host Plus determines in its sole discretion to be valid and enforceable and (iv) necessary to provide to law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently obtained by Web Host Plus and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime.By using this site, you agree not to write or post any fraudulent or illegal messages as part of any e-mail, forum, chat, or other Web Host Plus-related electronic communications medium. You also acknowledge that you are solely responsible for the information and electronic communications content that you create. Web Host Plus disclaims any intention to censor, edit or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by customers or others. Web Host Plus will, however, receive, delete or block access to communications that may be harmful to Web Host Plus, its customer or third parties. The grounds upon which Web Host Plus may take such action may include, without limitation, actual or potential violations of Web Host Plus's Acceptable Use Policy.

In the event of a sale or transfer of the assets or interest of Web Host Plus, Web Host Plus reserves the right to sell or transfer your information (personal or generic) to a third party, without your consent, that provides the same or similar services as Web Host Plus, agrees to be Web Host Plus's successor in interest with regard to the protection of the information collected and maintained by Web Host Plus, and agrees to be bound by this privacy policy.
