> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the webanalyticssolutionprofiler.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090604202208id_/http%3A//webanalyticssolutionprofiler.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ::Privacy and code of ethic::WASP::Web Analytics Solution Profiler::

## Use of analytics

This website uses various analytics tools and measurement tools to help analyse how users use the site. These tools use 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google and other vendors. This information is then used to evaluate visitors use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for this web site which are used to improve and optimize your experience.

I will never (and will not allow any third party) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. The Web Analytics vendors do not associate your IP address with any other data held by them. Neither me nor the Web Analytics Vendors will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. I will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source, unless you explicity submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

**Opt-out**   
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings on your browser. Please see your browser's help for additional info.

## The Web Analytics community

In the course of my activities with the [Web Analytics Association](http://webanalyticsassociation.org/), as an organizer of local Web Analytics Wednesdays and conference speaker, relation with several practitioners, vendors, consultants and fellow bloggers. I will respect... 

  * **Vendors** : not do product demos or provide product information to competitors; 
  * **Clients** : any information about someone's actual or intentional use of a solution will be solemnly respected; 
  * **Practitioners** : empower the users with their actual solution without influencing them to change unless they have expressed intent. 
  * **Consultants** : not interfere between a vendor-consultant-practitioner relationship. 



## Blogging

I'm borrowing from O'Reilly's proposed code of conduct: 

  * Take responsibility for my own words and for the comments I allow on my blog.
  * Won't say anything online that I wouldn't say in person.
  * In case of conflict, I will connect privately before I respond publicly.
  * Will filter comments that are against my personal values, but will gladly accept constructive comments.
  * Will post constructive comments to other's blogs.
  * Will link & reference others contributions in my posts.



## immeria consulting services inc.

As a web analytics practitioner and consultant, I will abide the following code of ethics: 

  * I will discuss the potential conflict with the involved parties and get their conscent before pursuing.
  * Will not engage into any activity that would be deemed illegal.
  * Will not perform an activity or accept a consulting task if doing so places me in a position that may prejudice the interests of my other clients and partners.
  * When expressing opinions, I will not give the impression that I'm expressing the official position of my clients or partners unless I receive prior authorization to do so.
  * Will never disclose confidential information.


