> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the webdesignforums.net privacy policy that was archived on 2010-09-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100921222826id_/http%3A//www.webdesignforums.net/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Web Design Forums

WebDesignForums.net ("Web Site") is owned and operated by RikeMedia. RikeMedia respects the privacy of its users, and this Privacy Policy explains what information we collect on our Web Site and how we use such information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. In addition, please review our Terms of Use, which governs your use of this Web Site. Your use of our Web Site indicates to us that you have read and accept our privacy practices, as outlined in this Privacy Policy. 

**This Privacy Policy Only Applies to This Web Site**

Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to this Web Site. It is not applicable to the individual web sites owned, sponsored or operated by any of our affiliated, independent RikeMedia sites. While on our Web Site, you may encounter links to these or other web sites or online material. If you "click" on a link to such a third party, the "click" takes you off our Web Site and to a third parties web site, which is beyond RikeMedia's control. These other web sites may set their own cookies, collect data, and/or have their own privacy policies. This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at this Web Site, and does not cover any information collected by any other Web Site or offline by RikeMedia (unless specifically stated), its affiliates or any other site, and we encourage you to review the privacy policy of any other web site you visit. 

In addition, please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information you may disclose publicly in any chat rooms, message boards, or similar web pages. You should keep in mind that whenever you publicly disclose information about yourself online ñ for example, via message boards or chat rooms ñ that information could be collected and used by people that you do not know. In addition, certain message boards and similar user forums may display IP addresses along with the message poster's name and message. RikeMedia bears no responsibility for any action or policies of any third parties who collect any information users may disclose on the message boards, chat areas or other user forums, if any, on this Web Site. 

**Information RikeMedia / WebDesignForums.net Collects**

Personally Identifiable Information ("PII"): Generally, you may browse our Web Site without providing us with personally identifiable information about yourself, which is information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally (such as your name, address, birth date or e-mail address), which we refer to as "PII". However, there may be times when we ask you to provide us with certain PII, such as when you choose to register with our Web Site and/or for newsletters or choose to participate in an online contest, sweepstakes or survey. We may also ask you to provide us with demographic information or information regarding your interests, hobbies or similar information. RikeMedia reserves the right, at any time, to add features to our Web Site that require you to register or otherwise provide PII, including credit card information, or to require registration to access our Web Site. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in many of the Web Site features. We may combine the information we collect with information available from other sources, including information received from promotional partners or other third parties. 

We may provide you the opportunity to e-mail a friend an article, electronic greeting card or other special feature from our Web Site. The e-mail addresses you supply us for those activities will be used to send the requested e-mail and will not be used to send you or your friend any other e-mail communications. 

This Web Site does not knowingly collect PII from children under thirteen (13) years of age: This is not a web site directed to children under the age of 13, and RikeMedia does not knowingly collect any information from children under 13 years of age at this Web Site. If you are under 13 years of age, do not send any information about yourself to RikeMedia. If RikeMedia discovers that a child under the age of 13 has provided this Web Site with PII, RikeMedia will delete that child's PII from its system. 

Anonymous Information: When you visit this Web Site, our web servers automatically collect web site usage information. Web site usage information is anonymous information that describes how our visitors use and navigate our Web Site, and it includes the number and frequency of visitors to each web page and the length of their stays. We collect the anonymous information automatically sent to us by your web browser, such as browser type, referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting our Web Site, and IP address. We also may determine what technology is available through your browser in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a web page. For example, we may determine that you have installed a version of Flash, and we will then send you the appropriate Flash version of the web page rather than an HTML page. 

IP Addresses: An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer or network when you are on the Internet. When visitors request pages from our Web Site, our servers log the visitor's IP address. We may collect IP addresses for a variety of internal purposes, such as system administration, to report aggregate information to our site partners or to audit the number of visits to different pages on our Web Site. Please note that some services within our Web Site, such as certain message boards, may display IP addresses along with the message poster's name and message. In most cases IP addresses are only used for statistical traffic reference. 

Cookies: Cookies are information files that our Web Site may place on your computer to provide extended functionality and to personalize your experience at our Web Site. We may use cookies for a number of purposes. For example, we may use cookies to track usage patterns on the Web Site and we may use cookies when we conduct polls and sweepstakes to limit multiple responses and registrations. Or, we may use cookies to record registration and personalization information, enabling you to save your user name and password. We do not store any PII in cookies, but we may link the cookie to any information we collect. You can, of course, disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. However, it is possible that some parts of the Web Site will not operate correctly if you disable cookies. You should consult with your browser's provider/manufacturer if you have any questions regarding disabling cookies. 

**RikeMedia's Use and Disclosure of Collected Information**

RikeMedia: RikeMedia may use your PII to provide the information or content you have requested, to contact you or to fulfil prizes in connection with a contest or sweepstakes, to contact you about RikeMedia programs, products, features or services, or for other purposes disclosed at the time of collection. We may also use your PII to contact you regarding your use of our Web Site or changes to our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use or other policy or terms that affect you and your use of our Web Site. If you e-mail someone else an article, electronic greeting card or other special feature from our Web Site, we will use the information you provide about someone else to send that person the requested e-mail. RikeMedia may use information collected about our users to improve the content and navigation of our Web Site, or for other internal purposes. 

Third parties providing services on our behalf: RikeMedia may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on its behalf. Examples may include hosting this Web Site, sending communications on our behalf, hosting message boards or other user forums, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, creating, hosting and/or running contests/sweepstakes/games and providing customer service. These third parties may have access to our users' PII in order to provide these services to us or on our behalf, but they may not use it for other purposes. 

Other Third Parties: RikeMedia may disclose anonymous, aggregated user statistics to third parties for a variety of purposes. For example, we may disclose how many individuals visited certain areas of our Web Site, or how many men or women receive our newsletter. 

RikeMedia does not rent, sell or otherwise disclose your PII to third parties unless disclosed to you at the time such information is collected or unless you otherwise give consent, other than in the following limited circumstances: 

Legal action. RikeMedia may disclose information about its users, including PII, when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Web Site and applicable laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web Site. RikeMedia may also disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability, to protect or defend our rights or property or protect the safety, rights or property of our users. 

Corporate change. RikeMedia may sell, transfer or otherwise disclose user information, including PII, in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of substantially all assets, or other fundamental corporate change. 

**Security**

RikeMedia takes steps to secure the data you submit to us, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our user data. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, RikeMedia cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to RikeMedia and you do so at your own risk. 

**Consent to Transfer**

This Web Site is operated from the UK and USA. Please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to our servers in the United States. By using our Web Site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer. 

**Acceptance**

By using this Web Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. RikeMedia reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back from time to time. However, we will only use the PII you provide to this Web Site in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy, unless you give us your consent. 

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us using the contact link on the footer of our website . 
