> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the webfusion.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141217030336id_/http%3A//www.webfusion.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms and Conditions |Privacy Policy Legal terms | Webfusion UK

#### The purpose of this policy is to explain how Webfusion collects, protects, and uses personal data.

#### What Types Of Personal Data Does Webfusion Collect?

Print this page. 

### 1\. Introduction

The purpose of this policy is to explain how Webfusion collects, protects, and uses personal data. Webfusion is committed to ensuring that any personal data supplied by its customers or is otherwise generated by its business activities is collected and processed fairly and lawfully.

  


### 2\. What Types Of Personal Data Does Webfusion Collect?

Webfusion needs certain personal data to enable it to provide its products and services to its customers and end users. The personal data collected will generally include: company name, company size and sector, individual contact names and job titles for delivery, installation, support and billing, postal address, telephone and fax numbers, e-mail addresses. Webfusion also has access to personal data that is generated over the Network utilised by Webfusion services including IP and email addresses for incoming and outgoing data and network usage data. In certain circumstances Webfusion may also collect financial information about Webfusion customers and end users from third parties to enable Webfusion to assess its risks in granting credit terms and contact information about organisations Webfusion considers may be interested in Webfusion products and services.

### 3\. How Does Webfusion Obtain Personal Data?

Webfusion obtains personal data in a number of ways including from orders placed by customers and end users (whether by telephone, fax or email or by application form); from enquiries made by existing customers and potential customers, (including information gathered at marketing events and via the Webfusion website); from third party list brokers; from resellers who pass on personal data to Webfusion about end users; and directly from the Network utilised by Webfusion services.

### 4\. How Does Webfusion Use The Personal Data It Holds?

  


#### 4.1. Providing and Improving the Webfusion Service

Most of Webfusion' use of personal data is necessary to enable it to provide a service to its customers and its end users, including order processing, delivery, installation and support services as well as for invoicing and in order to answer general customer enquiries. In addition, Webfusion may also use personal data to improve on the level and type of service Webfusion offers to its customers. As part of this interest in improving the service provided Webfusion may process personal data for the purposes of sales analysis and customer usage statistics.

#### 4.2 Direct Marketing

Webfusion may from time to time inform its customers, end users and potential customers about Webfusion and Webfusion affiliate products and services and other information Webfusion feels may be of interest.

Customers and other recipients of information from Webfusion may indicate at the time they first place an order with Webfusion whether or not they wish to receive such information or at any later time by simply contacting Webfusion as indicated in paragraph 9 below.

### 5\. Does Webfusion Transfer Personal Data Overseas?

As Webfusion is part of a global organisation with local operating companies in a number of countries worldwide, to fulfil its customer service obligations it is necessary for Webfusion to transfer and process personal data outside the country in which the personal data is collected. This will include transfers to Webfusion affiliates based in the United States. Prior to making any such transfer Webfusion will put in place security procedures and firewalls designed to prevent unauthorised use of or access to personal data.

### 6\. To Whom Does Webfusion Disclose Personal Data?

Webfusion will pass personal data within its internal departments in order to fulfil sales and support obligations as well as to finance departments to enable invoicing.

As a general rule, Webfusion does not disclose personal data to unaffiliated third parties except where customer consent has been obtained, where Webfusion is under an obligation by law to disclose personal data or where Webfusion has contracted with third parties to assist in providing services to Webfusion customers such as for delivery, installation and systems support services.

### 7\. How Does Webfusion Protect the Personal Data it Holds?

Webfusion takes customer confidentiality and security very seriously. Webfusion has implemented appropriate internal security procedures that restrict access to and disclosure of personal data within Webfusion. These procedures will be reviewed from time to time to determine whether they are being complied with and are effective.

Webfusion will also actively investigate and cooperate with law enforcement agencies any allegations of abuse or violation of system or network security as set out in the applicable [Webfusion Acceptable Use Policy ](http://www.corporate.webfusion.co.uk/acceptable-use-policy/).

### 8\. Customers' Rights

The law in certain jurisdictions (including countries within the European Economic Area) gives individuals whose personal data is held by Webfusion specific rights to access and rectify personal data held about them. These include the right to:

#### 8.1

obtain from Webfusion, for a prescribed fee, confirmation that personal data is held, as well as a written description of such personal data, the purpose(s) for which it is being used, the source(s) of the personal data and details of any recipients;

#### 8.2

request the deletion or rectification of personal data which is inaccurate; and

#### 8.3

as explained in paragraph 4.2 above to object to any unsolicited information sent by Webfusion regarding promotions or new products and services.

  


### 9\. Contact Details

If any individual wishes to contact Webfusion regarding the personal data held about them or has any other question about Webfusion' data privacy procedures, they should direct an email to [legal@webfusion.com](mailto:legal@webfusion.com) or send a letter to the direction of "Webfusion Customer Services Department" at the local Webfusion office.

### 10\. Policy Updates

As part of Webfusion' commitment to compliance with data privacy requirements, and to reflect changes in Webfusion' operating procedures, Webfusion may update the terms of this policy from time to time and will post the revised policy here.
