> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the webguild.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190707085905id_/http%3A//www.webguild.org/privacy%23privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# VEEV Cash - Crypto Currency for Payments

### Privacy Policy

Our privacy policy explains how information is collected, used and disclosed by VEEV with respect to your access and use of VEEV's services, whether through our website (located at www.veev.mx), VEEV's mobile application or in connection with social networking services (referred to below as "VEEV"). 

### What Information Do We Collect?

We collect certain information you provide to us when using VEEV, such as when you create an account and profile, send us an email or post information or other content to VEEV. We collect certain personal information, like your name, picture, email address and phone number, as well as certain non-identifying information, like your gender, birthday and zip code. We will also collect the contact information of your friends, if you choose to connect your contacts and address book information with VEEV and your login credentials to your social network accounts, such as Facebook and Twitter, if you choose to connect those accounts with your VEEV account. We also automatically collect certain information when you use VEEV, such as your location/GPS coordinates (if you enable this feature), a device identifier (but not the UDID), MAC address, Internet Protocol (IP) address (if using a browser), operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring site and your activity on VEEV. You can enable or disable location services when you use VEEV at anytime, through your mobile device settings. This information is not treated as personal information unless we combine it with or link it to any of the personally identifiable information mentioned above. We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies". These are small files that your browser places on your computer. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our services, and to improve our services. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. How Do We Use the Information We Collect? We use the information collected through VEEV for the purposes described below: " to provide our services or information you request, and to process and complete any transactions; " to respond to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests, and complaints and provide customer service; " to monitor and analyze usage and trends, and to personalize and improve VEEV and your experiences when you use VEEV, such as providing content or features that match your profile or interests (including ads), and to increase the functionality and user friendliness of our services; " to send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, our services; " to allow you to add your location to your posts; " to find and connect with your friends (when instructed by you); " to let your friends know about your moments on VEEV " to let your friends know it's your birthday (if you don't disable this feature); and " for any other purpose for which the information was collected. 

### What Information Do We Share With Third Parties?

We will not share the personal information we have collected from you, except as described below: " with your friends on VEEV with whom you want to share your moments on VEEV, and according to the preferences set in your account; " with certain social networking services, if you allow such sharing through our services; " with service providers who are working with us in connection with the operation of our site or our services (these service providers have access to your personal information only to perform services on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose it or use it for any other purposes); " we may share aggregated information and non-identifiable information with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes; " when you give us your consent to do so, including if we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information; " when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes or respond to lawful requests or legal authorities, including responding to lawful subpoenas, warrants or court orders; " to enforce or apply our privacy policy, our terms of use or our other policies or agreements; and " in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition, or in any other situation where personal information may be disclosed or transferred as one of our business assets. We are not responsible for the actions of service providers or other third parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any third parties. 

### Links to Other Sites

VEEV may contain links to other sites. Any information you provide on those sites is provided directly to the owner of that site and is subject to that party's privacy policy. Our privacy policy does not apply to such sites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of those sites. 

### What Steps Do We Take To Protect Your Information Online?

We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. 

### Accessing and Modifying Your Information

If you have an account, you can access and modify the personal information you provided us that is associated with your account. You may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by changing your account preferences or by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out of these messages, you will still receive emails from us, about your account, our services and other pertinent information related to our services. These communications are considered part of the service and your account, which you cannot opt-out from receiving. You can deactivate your account by selecting the "deactivate" link. Deactivating your account lets you remove your profile without permanently deleting it. When you deactivate your account, other users will no longer see your profile or information (but your information is saved, in case you want to reactivate your account at some point in the future). If you want to delete your information and your account, please contact us with a request that we delete your account and information. We will take steps to delete your information as soon as is practicable, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records and as otherwise required by law. 

### Our Policy Toward Children

Our service is not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 13, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible. 

### Changes

Any information that is collected is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, modify and revise our privacy policy from time-to-time. If we make any material changes to this policy, we will notify you of such changes by posting them on VEEV or by sending you an email or other notification, and we will indicate when such changes will become effective. By continuing to access or use VEEV after those changes become effective, you are agreeing to be bound by the revised policy. 
