> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the webhosting.info privacy policy that was archived on 2003-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20031210135400id_/http%3A//www.webhosting.info/about/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WebHosting.Info - A Directi Service

Direct Information Pvt Ltd. (Directi) has created this privacy statement covering its web site in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: WebHosting.info 

Directi reserves the right to change this statement. Any changes made will be posted on this page. Directi does not govern and is not responsible for the privacy policy, content, or information collected on any Web site linked to or from the Directi Web site. Directi is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. 

Directi collects information in the following activities: 

_Information Automatically Logged:_ We log your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address may also be used to display regional advertising banners. _Advertisers:_ An outside advertising company is sometimes used to display banners on our site. Such a company may choose to use cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies are used to recognize the user and track them while the user is browsing our website in order to enhance browsing experience. _Web Hosting Companies Registration:_ Forms exist on our site for Registration by Web Hosting companies. Information collected in this form, is public information that is displayed to anyone who conducts a search for a Web Hosting Provider on our website. You can choose to not participate in this service, your details will be removed from the public Search. Additionally information provided by a Web Hosting company about the Nameservers owned by the particular Web Hosting company is used to generate public reports. _User Registration:_ Forms exist on our website for User Registration (apart from those users who register as Web Hosting Companies). This information is used by us to contact the users and provide them the services they are registering for. _Site Usage Tracking:_ Directi may use electronic or other information means to find out the webpages preferred by its users. It may also collect and store statistics and other information about the online activities of its visitors on an aggregated (collective) basis. For example, we may track the number of people who view each page, the order in which pages are viewed and other information. The better understanding of the user's profile helps Directi continually improve and enhance the services we offer. The collected information also helps the advertisers, partners and third parties of Directi learn which areas are more popular and refine their design and marketing efforts. _Order Forms:_ Our site uses an order form for all users to request our services. We collect contact information and financial information. This information is used for contacting customers and for billing. 

Directi commits not to disclose, publish, sell or hire personally identifiable information to any advertiser, partner or third party interested to provide services or anything else to its users. But it keeps the right to use the collected personally identifiable information in order to send itself informational and promotional material on behalf of its advertisers, partners or third parties. 
