> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the webink.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141201084257id_/http%3A//www.webink.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WebINK and Your Privacy | WebINK Home

The policies below are applicable to the www.webink.com website (“Website”) produced and maintained by Celartem, Inc. d.b.a. Extensis (collectively “Extensis” or “we”, “us”, or “our”). We have established this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to let you know the kinds of personal information we may gather during your visit to the Website, why we gather your information, what we use your personal information for, when we might disclose your personal information, and how you can manage your personal information. At Extensis we respect your right to privacy and we understand that, as a visitor to the Website, you prefer to control your own personal information and preferences. For this reason, we will explain to you why we are collecting your information and ask your permission to use your personal information wherever we ask you to register or to provide personal information and preferences when you visit certain areas of the Website, view fonts, try out WebINK font service, request information, or subscribe to WebINK newsletters.

Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered online at our Website. It does not apply to information that you may submit to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link.

By visiting our Website, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our Website and our affiliate sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this Privacy Policy retroactively, we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or don’t see your concerns addressed here, you should contact us by email at [info@webink](mailto:info@webink).

We will use reasonable efforts to protect the personal information you share with us to ensure the content, services, and advertising that we provide on the Website are tailored to your current, designated preferences.

When you provide the Website with your name (or alias), e-mail address, mailing address, or telephone number, however you provide that information to Extensis, including as part of setting up an account, making a purchase or as part of a customer services or help desk request, we will ask you to permit Extensis representatives and affiliates to use the provided information for various purposes, including to alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information, classes, new services, and other Extensis information. Extensis representatives and affiliates may include value-added resellers and authorized training partners. Beyond providing information to Extensis representatives and affiliates, Extensis does not offer or allow the selling of any user-provided information to third parties.

Separately, we send product update notifications via email to provide updates and technical notices. These messages are essential to the functionality of your product. Therefore there is no opt-out available for update notifications and these messages cannot be blocked. If you do not permit Extensis to use your personal information in any other manner, Extensis will only use your personal information for these purposes.

In addition, when you interact with the Website, our servers may keep an activity log that does not identify you individually (“Anonymous Information”). Generally, this Anonymous Information is collected through “traffic data”. We collect and store certain administrative and traffic information with each use of the service or Website including: source IP address, time of access, date of access, web page(s), type of browser used, session identification number, search terms, search results, access times and referring websites addresses.

Extensis respects the rights you give us when opting to receive e-mail communications and enforces internal policies to preserve those rights. It is our objective to retain the long-term ability to continue to communicate with our users.

If you do not want Extensis or Extensis representatives to contact you, you may always change your mind about how you want to interact with Extensis. As part of your preference flexibility, you’ll always have the option to opt back in or opt back out and have Extensis contact you based on your previous or new preferences. For instructions, please see the section “Contact Us” below.

If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still visit most Extensis websites; however, you will not have access to areas that require personal identification.

## Extensis membership and the use of log files (cookies)

Extensis offers free membership to all Website visitors. In order to establish membership, visitors are requested to provide both personal information and preferences. This information is stored and protected by your user-established member ID and password. As part of your membership, you promise to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself and your business as prompted by the Website’s registration form (such information being the “Registration Data”) and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Extensis has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Extensis has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Website (or any portion thereof). You are entirely responsible for the security and confidentiality of your password and account. Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security of which you become aware. You are responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the Services and the Website. Please note that anyone able to provide your personal information will be able to access your account so you should take reasonable steps to protect this information.

There is an additional “remember me” option. By selecting it, you allow Extensis to store your member ID and password so you can access certain areas of the Website without re-signing in. The sign-in information is stored until you explicitly sign out. It also allows you to return to the Website on subsequent visits without having to re-enter your information. Extensis remembers you by placing a log file (“cookie”) that contains only enough information to identify you upon return visits. A cookie is a small line of text that is stored with your web browser for record-keeping purposes and helps Extensis provide better service to you. Your browser has options to accept, reject, or provide you with notice when a cookie is sent. No information, other than that found in the membership cookie, will be accessed by any Website system. Access to your membership information always requires both your member ID and password.

Extensis also utilizes cookies and hosted tracking with our Website. Once a user enters our site, a cookie follows them through their click stream path. Examples of information being collected by these cookies and the hosted tracking include the number of times a user came to our site(s), and the paths they took to get there. Extensis uses the data collected from Website visitor cookies and hosted tracking in aggregate form only and does not collect any personal information. Use of this information helps us better understand what users are seeking and learning at our Website(s) and helps us identify potential navigation issues.

## How Extensis will protect your personal information

Your personal information that has been offered to Extensis has been done through an encrypted format, to prevent loss, misuse or alteration of the data. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Extensis cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we will endeavor to ensure its security on our systems.

Extensis stores information internally in a controlled, secure environment. If, for example, you make a purchase online, we route all transactions through SSL (Secure Socket Layers) and will process your credit card number only to secure your current payment. The SSL transaction does not retain your credit card number subsequent to the transaction at hand and will not use the number for any other purpose.

We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the services, and they are prohibited from using such information for any other purpose.

If Extensis requests general demographic information, this information is limited to reporting purposes only; members remain anonymous. Phone numbers, e-mail addresses, and postal addresses are never shared for demographic reports with outside entities. Extensis may occasionally present a special contest or promotion that is sponsored by another company. To qualify for entry, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we plan to share that information with the sponsor(s), we will provide an up-front statement to that effect.

Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law or where we have a good-faith belief that (a) such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Website; (b) such action is necessary to protect and defend our rights or property, the Website or our uses; (c) such action is necessary to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, or the users of the Website or the public.

The Website is published in the United States. We make every effort to protect the personal information of all users of the Website. We attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to the Extensis services. If you are uncertain whether this privacy policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your personal information to Extensis.

We may change ownership or corporate organization while providing the Website and services. As a result, please be aware that we may transfer your information to another company that is affiliated with us or with which we have merged. Under such circumstances Extensis would to the extent possible require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time.

If you are located within the European Union, you should be aware that your personal information will be transferred to the United States of America, the laws of which may be deemed by the European Union to have inadequate data protection. If you are located in a country outside the United States of America and voluntarily submit personal information to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States of America.

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Extensis who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to [info@webink.com](mailto:info@webink.com).
