> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the webjet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122161414id_/http%3A//www.webjet.com/Webjet/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy and Security Information

Privacy Policy effective and last updated on December 12, 2013.  


As a Webjet.com user, you are in control of all your travel-planning. We know you want to remain in control of your personal information, as well. 

Webjet Marketing North America, LLC ("Webjet") is committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") explains how Webjet collects and uses the personal information that you provide online to Webjet.com (the “Website”), as well as offline when communicating with our call center operators. This Policy does not cover any Webjet third party providers, distributors, or suppliers, which may or may not be subject to their own privacy policies.

You should read this Policy before you submit any personal information to us. By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Policy. If you do not agree with the content of this Policy, you should refrain from using our Website.

**WHO WE ARE**

Webjet Marketing North America, LLC, which owns and operates this Website, is a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 215 N Howard Ave, Suit 202, Tampa, Florida, 33606, United States.

**PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW IT IS USED**

In General.  We may collect and store any personal information you enter on our Website or provide to us in some other manner. Personal information is data that identifies you, and includes (but is not limited to) your name, business or personal email address, physical address, direct telephone number, and credit card number. You are not obligated to provide us with any personal information, unless or until you choose to purchase a reservation, sign up for one of our e-mail newsletters or engage in other transactions on our Website. We strive to limit the type of personal information that we collect to information that helps us accomplish our goal of providing first-class services for the benefit of our existing and prospective customers.

Newsletter.  Webjet publishes hot travel and airfare deals to destinations using e-mail newsletters to subscribers of that service. Users can sign up for newsletters on our home page by providing their e-mail address and zip code. Customers that have purchased flights through Webjet will also be added to the newsletter database. This information will not be shared with third parties. At anytime, you can unsubscribe to Webjet newsletters through links on our home page. We reserve the right to limit the amount of subscribers to the newsletter.

Webjet reserves the right to send subscribers of the newsletter additional information relating to our service or products, including administrative messages and market research questionnaires, as long as you remain a subscriber to one of our newsletters.

Purchases.  In order to purchase travel and related services through our site, you must provide us with certain personal information such as your name, your credit card number and expiration date, your credit card billing address, your telephone number, your e-mail address and the name or names of the person(s) traveling (if not you). We may also ask you for other personal information, such as your frequent traveler numbers. We require this information so that we can process, fulfill and confirm your reservations and transactions and keep you informed of each transaction's status. If you are making a reservation for one or more travelers other than yourself, you will need to make sure that each of these other travelers agrees, in advance, that you may disclose their personal information to us. For your convenience, we make certain information about your reservation available to you or other persons authorized by you to receive such information. For example, if you forgot your flight number, you or another person authorized by you may retrieve that information from us after providing information sufficient in our eyes to confirm your identity or that such other person is authorized by you to receive that information.

TSA Secure Flight.  Under the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) Secure Flight program most air passengers are now required to provide their full name, date of birth, and gender (plus redress number, when applicable). You do not need to provide this information while making your trip reservation, but you must provide the information to your airline(s) sometime before your trip. If you provide date of birth, gender, or redress number during the booking process, we will not permanently store this personal information for any travelers, aside from the required entries in the air reservation record. We will not disclose this information to any third parties other than the applicable airline(s). If you are making a reservation for travelers other than yourself, you should make sure each traveler agrees, in advance, that you may disclose their personal information to us.

Secure Flight is a federally mandated program set forth in the _Secure Flight Final Rule_ , published in the _Federal Register_ Volume 73, Number 209. The TSA privacy notice can be found in Section 1560.103 of the _Secure Flight Final Rule_ :

The Transportation Security Administration of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security requires aircraft operators to collect information from you for purposes of watch list screening, under the authority of 49 U.S.C. section 114, and the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004. Providing this information is voluntary; however, if it is not provided, you may be subject to additional screening or denied transport or authorization to enter a sterile area. TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its published system of records notice. For more on TSA Privacy policies, or to view the system of records notice and the privacy impact assessment, please see TSA’s Web site at [www.tsa.gov](http://www.tsa.gov/).

Third Parties Offering Promotions, Products, or Services.  Webjet may share your personal information with third parties when you engage in certain activities on our site that are sponsored by third parties, such as electing to receive information or communications from a third party (such as a hotel company or a tourism board for a particular destination), or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes, games or other programs sponsored in whole or in part by a third party. Webjet may also share your personal information when you respond to promotional materials from Webjet and authorize a third party to use your personal information for purposes such as, for example, sending you additional promotional materials, providing you a product or service, or entering you in a contest, sweepstakes or game. We refer to all of these activities and requests as "Sponsored Activities." When you participate in Sponsored Activities, you will either be required or requested to agree that Webjet may send your personal information (such as, in some cases, your mailing address or e-mail address) to the sponsor, and the sponsor may use your personal information in accordance with the sponsor's privacy practices. **In each case described in this section, Webjet will only share your personal information after receiving your consent**. You should know that when Webjet shares your personal information with a third party under any circumstance described in this section, your personal information will become permanently subject to the information use and sharing practices of the third party, and the third party will not be restricted by Webjet's Privacy Policy with respect to its use and further sharing of your personal information.

Information Collected Automatically.  When you visit the Website, we automatically log generic information about your computer and your computer's connection to the Internet. This information may consist of things such as device information, IP address, operating system and browser software information, and the activities conducted by the user while on our Website. An IP address is a number that allows computers attached to the Internet, such as our web servers, to know where to send data back to the user, such as the pages of the Website the user wishes to view. We collect this information because it helps us analyze such things as what items visitors are likely to click on most, the way visitors are clicking through the site, how many visitors are surfing to various pages on the site, how long visitors to the site are staying and how often they are visiting. It also helps us diagnose problems with our servers and lets us better administer our systems. It is possible to determine from an IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider (ISP) and the approximate geographic location of his or her point of connectivity. We may also use some of this information, such as the pages you visited on our site, to send you e-mail messages focused on destinations that you may be interested in, unless you had previously opted out of receiving such messages. We also use session data to help prevent fraud or unauthorized use of our site.

Use of cookies.  Cookies are pieces of information, usually a small text file that a site transfers to your computer's hard drive and resides there for record keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site.  Cookies are only read by the server that placed them, and are unable to do such things as run programs on your computer, plant viruses or harvest your personal information.  The use of cookies is an industry standard and very common on the Internet.  Cookies allow us to serve you better and more efficiently by retrieving information previously entered by the user, such as e-mail addresses and zip codes thereby personalizing your experience at the Website.  Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. 

Similarly, a cookie may be placed by our third-party advertising companies. These companies may use aggregated statistics about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about travel-related goods and services that you may be interested in. The information they collect does _not_ include your personal information.   The third-party advertising companies may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of ads. Any such information is anonymous. They may use this anonymous information about your visits to this and other sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of potential interest to you. No personal information about you is collected during this process. The information is anonymous and does not link online actions to an identifiable person. If you would like more information and want to explore the option of not having this information collected by third-party advertisers, please contact us.

The blocking of Webjet cookies may disable certain features on the Website and may make it impossible to purchase or use certain services available on the Website. Please note that it is possible to block cookie activity from certain web sites while permitting cookies from sites you trust, like Webjet.com.

Discussion Forums. In the event that you post personal information in discussion forums or other areas of the Website allowing users to upload or post content, that information can be viewed by any user with access to those areas. We discourage users from posting personal information in this fashion, and any personal information you post to these public or member areas is not covered by this Policy.

Other.  From time to time we may add or enhance services available on the site. To the extent these services are provided and used by you, we will use the information you provide to facilitate the service requested. For example, if you email us with a question, we will use your email address, name, nature of the question, etc. to respond to your question. We may also store such information to assist us in making the site the better and easier to use. 

**DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

When you reserve or purchase travel services through Webjet, we provide to the airline, hotel, car-rental agency, travel agency or other involved third party provider, distributor, or supplier only that portion of your personal information that is needed for the successful fulfillment of your travel arrangements., we book most of our travel services through the AMADEUS Global Distribution System, a leading processor of travel bookings worldwide and in doing so must provide certain of your personal information to them (as we would with any other GDS we now use or may use in the future). We use non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful online services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our customers and visitors, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of our site We may provide anonymous statistical information based on this data to suppliers, advertisers, affiliates and other current and potential business partners. We may also use such aggregate data to inform these third parties as to the number of people who have seen and clicked on links to their web sites. Occasionally, Webjet will hire a third party to act on our behalf for projects such as market-research surveys and contest-entry processing, or, generally, to process personal information on our behalf.  When we do so, Webjet requires that these third parties implement adequate technological and organizational security measures before they can receive any personal information from us.  In such cases, Webjet will provide information to these third parties specifically for use in connection with these projects. The information we provide to such third parties is protected by a confidentiality agreement and is to be used solely for completing the specific project.

We may also share your personal information with other companies or individuals in the following instances:

  * In response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
  * When we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of Webjet, our customers, or others; and in connection with our Terms and Conditions and other agreements.
  * In connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.



**CHOICES ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR INFORMATION (OPT-OUT POLICY)**

Webjet believes that it is important that individuals are given the opportunity to exercise choice with respect to how their personal information is collected and used. If we propose to use your personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Policy or any service-specific privacy notices, we will allow you a convenient way to opt-out of such further uses. 

**INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

Webjet operates the Website in the United States and, depending on your country of residence, the submission of personal information to the Website may involve some transfer of personal information to the United States. You should be aware that privacy laws in the United States may not provide protections equivalent to those of your country of residence. Webjet has taken steps to ensure that appropriate levels of protection necessary to maintain the security and quality of your personal information are in place and that any transferred data is processed only in accordance with this Policy.

**ACCESS AND CORRECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

You can request access to any personal information that we hold about you and ask us to correct any personal information which may be inaccurate, except where the law requires otherwise. To access, correct or raise inquiries concerning your personal information in our possession, please see the Advertising Cookies section below.

**INFORMATION SECURITY**

Webjet has implemented reasonable technical and organizational security measures to help protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of personal information.  All information you provide to Webjet is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us.  Access to private and confidential data is limited to only those employees, contractors, agents and third parties with a specific need to retrieve this information.  Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be entirely secure, and Webjet assumes no liability for any damage suffered by you caused by the interception, alteration, or misuse of information during transmission. 

**OTHER WEBSITES**

To provide increased value to users of the Website, we may provide links to other websites or resources that are not part of Webjet. Webjet does not exercise control over these websites or their privacy practices, and any information you provide to those sites is subject to the Privacy Policies of those sites, and not this Policy.

**ADVERTISING COOKIES**

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, you can visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>   


**CHILDREN**

The Website contains travel-related content and is specifically aimed at and designed for use by adults. Webjet does not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about individuals under the age of 18 years.

**CHANGES TO THIS POLICY**

This Policy may change from time to time. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will post any Policy changes on this page. If we feel it appropriate, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification). Your continued use of the Website following such posts or notices will signal your acceptance of such changes.

If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Policy, please feel free to contact us at 1888 9 932 538, Webjet Marketing North America, LLC., 215 N Howard Ave., Suite 202,  Tampa, Florida, 33606, United States, or email us at [travel@webjet.com](mailto:travel@webjet.com) **.**
