> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the webkinz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071229024412id_/http%3A//www.webkinz.com/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Webkinz® - Privacy Policy

Webkinz.com is a site devoted to fun. We are committed to allowing you to have fun, without sacrificing your privacy. At Webkinz.com, we intend to give you as much control as possible over your personally identifiable information and strive to help you protect your privacy while using our services. 

The purpose of our policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather about you online when you visit our site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct the information.

Webkinz.com has special concerns about the privacy of users who are children under the age of 13, and we comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Parents are strongly encouraged to participate in their children's online activities and monitor their children's use of e-mails and engagement in other electronic communication. For more information about COPPA or children's privacy, please visit [www.ftc.gov/kidzprivacy](http://www.ftc.gov/kidzprivacy).

Personally identifiable information is information that can personally identify you, such as your full name (first and last name), your e-mail address and your postal address. Information that may be personal in nature, but cannot identify who you are, is not personally identifiable information. For example, your age, your first name and even your favorite Webkinz character are all personal information, but are not personally identifiable information because they cannot be used to identify you.

We collect information in a variety of ways on the site. We will collect no more personally identifiable information from you than is reasonably necessary for you to participate in an online activity. 

**Registration:** When you register for your online Webkinz account, we ask for only your first name, birthday and the state/province where you live. None of this is personally identifiable information, because it cannot be used to contact or identify you offline. During the registration process, you are also asked to create a screen name and password. You should not use any personally identifiable information as your username, as your screen name may be visible to others on the site.

**Surveys and Feedback:** We may collect aggregate information in connection with surveys or other online activities that allow you to give us your feedback. We do not collect any personally identifiable information in connection with surveys or feedback requests, nor is the information you provide connected to any personally identifiable information we may have about you.

**Site Management:** We may collect information through technology to make our site more interesting and useful to you. For instance, we collect IP addresses and use technology to track traffic patterns on the site. Once you have logged into the website, we track your activities by using logs of database transactions and server interactions. This data is used to maintain your pets' status on the website. We also use this information to understand which areas of our website are most appealing or least appealing. Our site also use cookies, which are pieces of information that a website sends to your computer while you are viewing the website. Cookies provide information to the site so that the site will remember who you are. These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. None of the information collected by through these methods is, or is connected to, personally identifiable information about you.

**E-mail Communication from You:** If you contact us by e-mail, we use your e-mail address (which is personally identifiable information) only to respond to your specific request or question, after which the address is deleted. If we ask for your parent's e-mail address, we keep that information and use it only for the purpose of providing notices to parents and requesting parental consent as required under COPPA.

**E-mail Communication from Us:** Our site may allow you to sign up to receive newsletters, birthday e-cards and e-mails regarding special Webkinz promotional messages or offers. The newsletters and e-mails will provide you with information about new website features, whether your pet's registration is going to expire, new releases of Webkinz plush pets, or special Webkinz promotional messages or offers to you. In addition, if you sign up for this service, we will also e-mail you and your pet birthday e-cards at the appropriate time. In order to participate in these activities, we collect your first name, your e-mail address, and your parent's e-mail address. We use this information to contact your parent by e-mail to notify him or her that you have provided personally identifiable information to us for these purposes, and to provide them an opportunity to opt-out of the collection of the information.

**Safety and Security:** We may collect your first name and e-mail address where necessary for your safety. If you want access to our KinzChat PLUS area, we will collect your parent's e-mail address to contact your parent for their consent to your use of that feature. We may also collect your name and e-mail address for the limited purposes of protecting the security and integrity of the site, taking precautions against liability, responding to the judicial process, or for law enforcement on a matter related to public safety.

All personally identifiable information collected by us is only used to provide services related to the Webkinz website. We do not share your personally identifiable information with any third parties for marketing purposes. We may engage third parties to assist with services related to the website, such as technical and processing services, contest fulfillment, mailings, and analyzing website performance. These third parties are obligated to keep the information secure and confidential and must use the information only in connection with providing services to Ganz.

In the event that substantially all of the assets related to the Webkinz website were transferred or sold to another entity, all information, including personally identifiable information would to be transferred to that entity.

We may also disclose personally identifiable information to third parties in order to comply with court orders or with requests by law enforcement agencies, to enforce our Terms of Use, or to protect the rights, property, safety of our website and other users of the site.

Our site may contain links to other websites, including websites directed to children. We have no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our advertisers or other sites to which we provide links from our sites. These other sites may use cookies, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information. We have no control over these practices and strongly recommend that you check the applicable privacy policy of the website sponsor when linking to other websites.

Your parent may review the personally identifiable information we collect from you, request corrections, ask that we delete your personally identifiable information from our databases, or refuse further collection or use of your information by contacting our webmaster at [support@webkinz.com](mailto:support@webkinz.com).

To request further information about our privacy practices, you may send us an e-mail at [support@webkinz.com](mailto:support@webkinz.com). You can also write us at: Webkinz c/o Ganz, One Pearce Road, Woodbridge Ontario, L4L 3T2

The online experiences and activities described in this web site may be available now or planned for future, and this version reflects our current policies on information collection, use and disclosure. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time, and will post any changes to this policy as soon as they go into effect on this site.
