> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the webnames.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140527083036id_/https%3A//www.webnames.ca/content/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

  |    
  
This version in effect since **18 June 2008**

Protecting your privacy is important to each of Webnames.ca Inc., Webnames Asia Inc. and Webnames Services Inc. (collectively, the **"Webnames Group"** ). This Policy explains how the members of the Webnames Group collect, use and disclose the personal and non-personal information you may provide while using their respective websites (collectively, the "Websites") and the services they provide (collectively, the **"Services"** ).

Your Consent
  1. By using any of the Websites or the Services, or by submitting information to any member of the Webnames Group, you signify your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Policy and any applicable service agreement you have with any member of the Webnames Group, including the _Webnames.ca Terms of Use and Services Agreement and the Webnames Services Inc. Privacy Service Subscription Agreement_ (collectively, the **"Services Agreements"** ), which are available by clicking [here](https://www.webnames.ca/content/webnames/webnames_privacyService.asp). If you do not consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Policy and the Services Agreements, you may not use the Websites or the Services.

Information Automatically Collected

  2. Non-Personal Information:Each of the Websites automatically collects certain non-personal information regarding Website users, such as the date and time they access the Website, the Internet address of the website from which they linked directly to the Website, the browser or operating system they are using, and the Website pages read and content accessed or downloaded. This non-personal information is used for system administration purposes and to improve the Websites. Non-personal information may be disclosed to other persons and permanently retained for future use. If non-personal information is combined with personal information, then the non-personal information will be treated as personal information.
  3. Cookies:The Websites may use "cookies", a technology that installs a small amount of information on a Website user's computer to permit the Website to recognize future visits using that computer. Cookies enhance the convenience and use of the Websites. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the Website (so you do not have to enter your personal information every time), offer personalized web page content and information for your use, and otherwise facilitate your Website experience. You may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your ability to access or use certain features of the Websites.

Personal Information You Specifically Provide

  4. Your Personal Information:During your use of the Websites or the Services, you may be asked to voluntarily provide personal information (such as your personal name, email address, postal address, telephone number, fax number, and credit card details, login and password information). If you choose not to provide certain requested personal information, you will not be able to use certain features of the Websites or use certain Services.
  5. Use of Your Personal Information:Each member of the Webnames Group uses your personal information for the following purposes and as otherwise permitted by applicable law: (a) to contact and correspond with you regarding the Websites and the Services; (b) to bill you for the services requested by you and otherwise to administer your account; (c) to administer the Websites and the Services; and (d) as reasonably required by the rules, policies, procedures, and guidelines adopted and amended by domain name registration authorities from time to time. Each member of the Webnames Group may develop a confidential profile for you, which will be used to provide services to you and facilitate your use of the Websites. Additionally, each member of the Webnames Group may keep a record of all communications with you.
  6. Emails and Newsletters:From time to time, members of the Webnames Group may send to you email or other communications containing information about the Webnames Group, the Services, the Websites, and other matters they believe may interest you. You may also sign up to receive newsletters from the Webnames Group. At any time, you may ask the Webnames Group to stop sending you email, newsletters and other information by sending your request to the Webnames Privacy Officer at the email address noted below. From time to time, including as described in the Services Agreements, the members of the Webnames Group may also send to you email containing important information regarding the Websites or the Services, which you may not opt out of receiving.
  7. Disclosure of Your Personal Information by Webnames.ca:Subject to the provisions of any applicable Services Agreement, each member of the Webnames Group may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances and as otherwise permitted by applicable law: 
(a) Authorized Disclosure:Each member of the Webnames Group may disclose your personal information as permitted by an applicable Services Agreement.

(b) Disclosure to Authorizing Persons: If you use the Websites or the Services on behalf of another person or organization, such as your employer or a domain name registrant (an **"Authorizing Person"** ) or if you identify your organization (an **"Organization"** ) when you subscribe for an account, each member of the Webnames Group may provide your personal information to your Authorizing Person or Organization. The Webnames Group has no control over, and no responsibility or liability for, the use of your personal information by your Authorizing Person or Organization, and that use is not subject to this Policy. If you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to an Authorizing Person or Organization, you should not reference that Authorizing Person or Organization in your account application form and you will not be permitted to use the Websites or the Services on behalf of that Authorizing Person or Organization.

(c) Disclosure to Affiliates, Agents, Suppliers and Service Providers:Each member of the Webnames Group may provide your personal information to their affiliates, agents, suppliers and service providers for use in connection with matters relating to your use of the Websites and the Services or the provision of services to you. The Webnames Group requires its affiliates, agents, suppliers and service providers to agree to use your personal information only for the purposes for which it is provided to them, and to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. If at any time you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to certain affiliates, agents, suppliers, service providers, or any other persons, you may send your request to the Webnames Privacy Officer at the email address noted below; however, this may affect your ability to use the Websites or the Services.

(d) Disclosure to Registration Authorities and Public Directories:Each member of the Webnames Group may disclose your personal information as reasonably required by the rules, policies, procedures, and guidelines (including domain name dispute policies and rules) adopted and amended by domain name registration authorities (such as the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers and the Canadian Internet Registration Authority) from time to time, including making certain of your personal information publicly available on searchable databases (including WHOIS databases) relating to domain name registrations. The information disclosed for those purposes (not all of which is personal information) includes the domain names sought to be or registered by you; the names, postal addresses, email addresses, voice telephone numbers and fax numbers of the technical and administrative contacts for the registered domain names; the full hostnames and internet protocol (IP) addresses of at least two nameserver hosts (one primary and at least one secondary) for each registered domain names; the corresponding names of those nameservers; the original creation date of the registration; and the date on which the registration expires. The Webnames Group has no control over, and no responsibility or liability for, the use or disclosure of your personal information disclosed to comply with the rules, policies, procedures, and guidelines of domain name registration authorities, and that use and disclosure is not subject to this Policy.

(e) Disclosure in Business Transfers: Each member of the Webnames Group may be involved in the sale or transfer of some or all of their businesses. As part of a sale or transfer, each member of the Webnames Group may disclose your personal information to the acquiring organization, but will require the acquiring organization to agree to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Policy.

(f) Disclosure for Law Enforcement Purposes: Each member of the Webnames Group may disclose your personal information if the disclosure is required by law (including to a government institution or agency that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information), to its legal counsel, or where they have reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity. The Webnames Group has no control over, or liability for, those persons' use and disclosure of your personal information, and that use and disclosure is not subject to this Policy. 

  8. Depersonalized Information:Each member of the Webnames Group may use personal information to create non-personal information regarding the use of the Website and the Services. Each member of the Webnames Group may then disclose that non-personal information to other persons and permanently retain that non-personal information for future use.
  9. Business Contact Information: To the extent permitted by law, the provisions of this Policy concerning "personal information" do not apply to information (such as your personal name, position or title, business address, business telephone number, business fax number and business email address) that enables you to be contacted at a place of business.
  10. Location of Information:The Webnames Group will store and process your personal information in Vancouver, Canada. However, the disclosure of your information in accordance with this Policy and applicable law may result in your personal information being transferred outside of Canada, including to the United States. The laws of other countries regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information may be different from the laws of Canada.
  11. Securing Your Information:The Webnames Group employs reasonable security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information in its possession or under its control in order to protect that information from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, modification or similar risks. Nevertheless, security risks cannot be eliminated and the Webnames Group cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be used or disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Policy.
  12. Accessing Your Personal Information: You may request access to your personal information and information about Webnames.ca's collection, use and disclosure of that information by sending your request to the Webnames Privacy Officer at one of the addresses noted below. Subject to certain exceptions and limitations prescribed by applicable law, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information, and will be entitled to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and to have it amended as appropriate. You can help the Webnames Group maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying the Webnames Group of any changes to your personal information. 

Other Matters

  13. Other Websites: The Websites may contain links to other websites or Internet resources. When you click on one of those links you are contacting another website. The Webnames Group has no control over, and no responsibility or liability for, other websites or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
  14. Former Users: If you cease using the Websites and the Services, or your permission to use the Websites and the Services is terminated, the Webnames Group may continue to use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Policy as amended from time to time.
  15. Services Agreements: The Services Agreements contain important provisions, including provisions disclaiming, limiting, or excluding the liability of the Webnames Group for your use of the Websites and the Services and provisions determining the applicable law and exclusive jurisdiction for the resolution of any disputes regarding your use of the Websites and the Services. Each of those provisions applies to any disputes that may arise in relation to this Policy and the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, and are of the same force and effect as if they had been reproduced directly in this Policy.
  16. Policy Changes: To accommodate changes in the Websites and the Services, changing technology, and legal developments, this Policy may be changed from time to time in the Webnames Group's discretion and without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person. The Webnames Group's collection, use and disclosure of your personal information will be governed by the version of this Policy in effect at that time. New versions of the Policy will be posted on the Website and are available upon request from the Webnames Group. Your continued dealings with the Webnames Group or your use of the Websites or the Services subsequent to any changes to this Policy will signify your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the changed Policy. Accordingly, when you use the Websites or the Services you should check the date of this Policy and review any changes since the last version. You should also bookmark this page and periodically review this Policy to ensure that you are familiar with the most current version.
  17. Contacting the Webnames Privacy Officer:The Webnames Privacy Officer may be contacted by the following methods: (a) by telephone at (604) 633.3097, ext. 103; (b) by email at privacy@webnames.ca; or (c) by postal mail to "Webnames Privacy Officer", c/o Webnames.ca Inc., Suite 333 - 333 Terminal Ave., Vancouver, BC, Canada V6A 4C1.
  18. English Language: The parties have expressly requested and required that this Policy and all other related documents be drawn up in the English language. _Les parties conviennent et exigent expressement que ce Politique et tous les documents qui s'y rapportent soient rédigés en anglais._


