> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the webroot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150530054207id_/http%3A//www.webroot.com/us/en/company/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Webroot's Privacy Policy | Webroot

[](https://safeharbor.export.gov/list.aspx)[](http://www.export.gov/safeharbor)

WEBROOT, INC COMPLIES WITH THE U.S.-EU SAFE HARBOR FRAMEWORK AND THE U.S.-SWISS SAFE HARBOR FRAMEWORK AS SET FORTH BY THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE REGARDING THE COLLECTION, USE, AND RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM EUROPEAN UNION MEMBER COUNTRIES AND SWITZERLAND. WEBROOT INC. HAS CERTIFIED THAT IT ADHERES TO THE SAFE HARBOR PRIVACY PRINCIPLES OF NOTICE, CHOICE, ONWARD TRANSFER, SECURITY, DATA INTEGRITY, ACCESS, AND ENFORCEMENT. TO LEARN MORE ABOUT THE SAFE HARBOR PROGRAM, AND TO VIEW WEBROOT INC. CERTIFICATION, PLEASE VISIT <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>

Effective: 
    January 1, 2002
Last Updated: 
    October 27, 2014
    On May 27, 2014, Webroot updated this Privacy Policy and included information regarding Public Forums. Please see Section 11 below for more information.

At Webroot, protecting your privacy is important to us. After all, online privacy and security is what we're all about. This privacy policy (" **Privacy Policy** ") describes the data privacy practices of Webroot Inc. (" **Webroot** ", " **us** ", or " **we** ",), including the types of information we collect about you, how Webroot uses the information, and how we safeguard it. Unless specifically stated otherwise, this Privacy Policy applies to personal information, regardless of the location from where it was received and embodies the seven Safe Harbor Principles applicable to personal information received from the European Union and Switzerland (" **EU** ").

The Privacy Policy addresses Webroot's collection, use and disclosure of personal information — such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, and credit card information (" **Personal Information** ") — that we may gather any time you interact with us, such as when you visit the Webroot Website, [www.webroot.com](http://www.webroot.com/) (collectively, the " **Website** "), purchase Webroot products, or when you call our customer support or sales departments.

**You expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information according to this Privacy Policy. Personal Information may be processed by Webroot in the country where it was collected as well as other countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent.**

  1. Why Webroot Collects Personal Information
    1. Webroot collects your Personal Information only where it is required in order to provide you the best services and products available. By maintaining an accurate customer database, we are able to send notifications via e-mail to keep you informed about the status of your orders or accounts and to provide updates and technical notices. These messages are essential to the maintenance of your subscription and the functionality of our products and services. Aside from your credit card information, Webroot does not intentionally collective "sensitive personal information," which induces, for example, Personal Information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, or trade union membership.
    2. Webroot will not use or disclose Personal Information, including any Personal Information received from the EU, for any purpose that has not been previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy unless: (a) the user has received notice and an opportunity to exercise choice, as described below, with respect to such use or disclosure; or (b) applicable law permits the use or disclosure without requiring that Webroot first comply with the Safe Harbor's Notice and Choice Principles.
    3. Webroot will offer users, including users located in the E.U., whose Personal Information has been transferred to the United States the opportunity to opt out from: (a) the disclosure of Personal Information to a non-agent third party for any reason not disclosed in this Privacy Policy; and (b) Webroot's use of their Personal Information for a purpose other than the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy, a compatible purpose, or a purpose subsequently authorized by the user. Webroot will provide users with reasonable mechanisms to exercise their choices should such circumstances arise.
  2. What Information We Collect
    1. Webroot collects your Personal Information at a variety of points, including when you visit the Website, place an order, (which may require you to provide Personal Information, including a credit card number, to our payment gateway providers), register software, request services or take part in other activities on our Website. For example, we often ask for your Personal Information when you are conferring with one of our customer support technicians, downloading a new product or program update, registering your software or purchasing a product. During these interactions we will collect Personal Information relevant to your transacting with Webroot, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, e-mail address, shipping address and credit card information along with information about the Webroot products you own, such as the activation code or key code, date of purchase and information relating to a support issue. We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. When you register, you will be provided with an option to opt-out of receiving promotional information on our products and services.
    2. Please be aware that if you prefer not to provide us with your Personal Information, because such information may be necessary for us to provide certain services, we may not be able to, or may choose not to, make such services available to you.
  3. Regarding Children
    1. Webroot does not offer services to children under the age of 13, and the Website is not directed to children under the age of 13. Webroot does not intentionally gather Personal Information about children who are under the age of 13.
  4. Cookies and Other Technologies
    1. Following common e-commerce practices, Webroot uses different information technologies to understand traffic and downloads on the Website, enabling us to improve the Website and provide the best online experience possible and improve our ability to serve our customers.
    2. As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream dat. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, or site functionality.
    3. Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Webroot and our partners some partners include, but are not limited to, Google Analytics, Commission Junction, Crazy Egg, MotionPoint, Digital River, MarketLinc, Eloqua, and RelayWare, affiliates, or analytics or service providers, include but are not limited to, NoHold, Google Analytics and Crazy Egg. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. We use cookies for our shopping cart, to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference), for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.
    4. We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 or Flash to store [content information and preferences.] Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 or Flash to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash LSOs please click here: <http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html>
    5. We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking[ here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/) (or if located in the European Union click[ here](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/)) Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
  5. Sharing Your Personal Information
    1. Webroot is committed to protecting your privacy. Webroot will not, under any circumstances, rent or sell your Personal Information, nor does Webroot trade or exchange mailing lists with any other organization. Furthermore, Webroot shares your Personal Information only with our contractors that assist us in our efforts to fulfill our obligations to you, and then only when these partners agree to provide the same level of commitment as Webroot to protecting your privacy and data. For example, we use an outside shipping company to fulfill orders. This company does not retain, share, store or use Personal Information for any purpose other than shipping our products to you. If Webroot learns that an agent is using or disclosing Personal Information in a manner contrary to this Privacy Policy, Webroot will take reasonable steps to prevent such use or disclosure; as part of a joint sales promotion or to pass sales leads to one of our distribution or resale partners. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, contact us at [UCustomer@Webroot.com](mailto:UCustomer@Webroot.com).
    2. We also may disclose your Personal Information, or other information that we receive in the course of our interactions with you, when we believe that disclosure is (a) required by law, (b) necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Webroot or its employees, its customers, or others, and/or (c) is necessary to comply with a lawful request, court order, or legal process served on Webroot.
    3. If you choose to use our chat forum and require assistance, and would like someone to follow-up with you, then you will be asked to provide an email address. The email address is stored in "chat logs" by a third party, but is not utilized in any way by them and remains our information.
  6. Webroot Affiliates And Links To Other Websites
    1. Webroot may share some or all of your Personal Information with a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, "Affiliates"), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If Webroot or its assets are acquired by another company, that company will possess the Personal Information collected by us and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
    2. Our Website may contain links to other websites. We do not have any control over these other websites. Those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. Webroot is not responsible for the privacy of any information that you provide while visiting those sites. If you have questions about how another site uses your information, consult that site's privacy policy.
    3. Our Website includes Social Media Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
    4. You can log in to our site using single sign-in services, such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Website to your profile page to share with others within your network.
  7. How We Communicate with You
    1. Webroot has an optional e-mail service for customers who wish to periodically receive promotional information, such as general product, service and Webroot news. Users can sign up for emails through one of the following processes: (1) an online purchase; (2) registering through the full application; and (3) registering through the trial application.
    2. Customers are provided the option to opt-out within each e-mail. If you no longer wish to receive Webroot communications, you may "unsubscribe" from our e-mailing service at any time in the following ways: 
      * By clicking on the auto-unsubscribe link included in each e-mail; or
      * By contacting our technical support department at 1-800-772-9383.
    3. We will then update our database and take reasonable measures so that no further promotional correspondence should be sent to your e-mail address. You may, however, still receive transactional messages.
  8. Surveys and Contests
    1. From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on the Website. If you participate, we will request certain Personal Information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and email address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
    2. We use this information to monitor site traffic and personalize the site, and to notify contest winners and award prizes.
    3. We may continue to use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company is prohibited by contract from using your Personal Information for any other purpose. We will not share the Personal Information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and a choice to opt-out.
  9. Transactional Messages
    1. Webroot sends required notifications via e-mail to keep you informed of the status of your orders or accounts and to provide updates and technical notices. This service is used for messages that are important for the maintenance of your subscription and the functionality of our services. When you purchase or register a product online, we require an e-mail address for completion of the transaction, which we will use for these communications. In order to stop receiving these notifications, please contact our technical support team [http://www.webroot.com/us/en/support/](https://web.archive.org/us/en/support/). You will be opted out of further communications within ten (10) business days. Please Note: Opting out of these notifications may result in the software becoming outdated and will prevent us from sending technical notices to you.
  10. Ways to Update Your Personal Information
    1. Webroot carefully maintains our customer database in an effort to keep your Personal Information accurate for the purposes for which it is used. It is your right to be able to update your Personal Information as needed. You can correct out-of-date information, update information, remove information, delete your Personal Information or review any information previously provided to Webroot by calling our individual sales department office during normal business hours (7 a.m. MST to 6 p.m. MST) at 1-800-772-9383. Changes will be implemented within ten (10) business days. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Please note, however, that we may retain certain information relating to software licensing and your information may also be retained in our archives. When contacting customer service, we will verify your identification through the use of security questions before sharing any Personal Information as it appears in our customer database. Webroot will retain Personal Information received from the E.U. only for as long as is necessary to accomplish its legitimate business purposes or for as long as may be required by applicable law.
  11. Public Forums/Blogs
    1. Our blog is managed by a third party application that may require you to register to post a comment. We do not have access or control of the information posted to the blog. You will need to contact or login into the third party application if you want the personal information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third party application uses your information, please review their privacy policy.
    2. Our Website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at [communitysupport@webroot.com](mailto:communitysupport@webroot.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
  12. Webroot's Commitment to Data Security
    1. Webroot has security measures in place, such as the following, to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your Personal Information in our customer database. Personal Information provided to Webroot is stored in secure facilities with access restricted to authorized personnel only. We have put in place a series of access-control procedures required for retrieval of Personal Information. The Website is regularly tested for security breaches to protect against unauthorized viewing of Personal Information.
    2. To provide secure credit card processing when ordering, orders placed on our Website are processed through a payment gateway which operates under its own privacy policy.
    3. Webroot DOES NOT store credit card information. If you choose to purchase the software online using a credit card, the credit card information is sent to Webroot using Secure Socket Layer (" **SSL** ") encryption, an industry-standard method for protecting data as it travels over the Internet. If at any time you would like to make a purchase, but do not want to provide your credit card information online, you may contact an individual sales representative over the telephone. Simply call 1-800-772-9383.
    4. Although we make good faith efforts to store the Personal Information we collect in a secure operating environment that is not accessible to unauthorized users, we cannot guarantee complete security for your Personal Information.
  13. Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
    1. By providing Personal Information through the Website, or using any services provided through the Website, you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of Personal Information as well as general information as described in this Privacy Policy.
  14. Enforcement for Personal Information Subject to the Safe Harbor
    1. Webroot will conduct periodic self-assessments of its relevant practices to verify adherence to this Privacy Policy and the Safe Harbor Principles. Any Webroot employee who intentionally violates this Privacy Policy will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination. Any EU-based user who has a complaint concerning Webroot's processing of his or her Personal Information should contact the Legal Department at Webroot, 385 Interlocken Crescent, Suite 800, Broomfield, CO 80021 USA. Webroot will investigate and attempt to resolve such complaints in accordance with the principles contained in this Privacy Policy. Any E.U.-based user who is not satisfied with the internal resolution of the complaint may seek redress with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
  15. Privacy Policy Revisions and Notifications
    1. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently as Webroot reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, in its sole discretion. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post any changes to this Privacy Policy, the Website home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
    2. For any material change(s) to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, and by means of a prominent notice on the Website home page, posted no less than thirty (30) calendar days prior to implementing the change(s).
  16. Webroot Contact Information
    1. General: 
      * For sales questions: (800) 772-9383 (option #1)
      * For technical support: [http://www.webroot.com/us/en/support/](https://web.archive.org/us/en/support/)
      * For software updates: [Downloads and Updates](https://web.archive.org/us/en/home/)
    2. Send written correspondence to: 
      * Webroot  
385 Interlocken Crescent  
Suite 800  
Broomfield, CO 80021  
USA
    3. Contact us by phone: 
      * Office hours: Monday - Friday 9 AM - 5 PM, MST (except Holidays)
      * Telephone: (800) 772-9383 or (303) 442-3813



[](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/Webroot-Software,-Inc/validation?rid=25752021-2a3e-47a0-8eec-e443e4f3e988 "TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification")

Webroot, Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy-program-requirements/) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program covers information collected through this Website, [www.webroot.com](http://www.webroot.com/) and does not cover information that may be collected through our mobile applications or downloadable software. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at [Webroot Technical Support](http://www.webroot.com/En_US/support.html). If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request).
