> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the websitepros.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-09-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040912034040id_/http%3A//www.websitepros.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Website Pros - Privacy Policy

|  Privacy Policy

Website Pros respects your privacy, and we will protect any information you give to us. We have developed this privacy policy to explain our practices, and this policy is incorporated into, and subject to, our Site's Terms of Use. In the process of working with you to build and enhance your Web site, we will ask you for information about yourself and your business. Website Pros does not intend to obtain any personal information from minors. If you are under the age of 18, please do not provide us with any personal information. We collect this information to better understand your needs in order to build the right solutions for you. In building those solutions, we may engage third parties to assist us, and, in connection with such assistance, we may provide them with information that you have provided. 

We will treat the information you give to us in confidence and will not disclose that information to others without your approval. When you purchase a Web site package from us, you consent to having us provide information about you to third parties for the express purpose of fulfilling that purchase. We will never knowingly provide this information to anyone for any other purpose. 

To drive traffic to your Web site and to make your Web site easy to find, we will disclose keywords about your business, your business name, general and specific descriptions about your business, information about your location, and information about your products and services to third-party services and to the general public. We will never disclose any information that you ask us to keep confidential, and we will never disclose financial information unless you ask us to do so. 

Your privacy is very important to us. However, due to the existing legal and technical environment, we cannot ensure that your personally identifiable information will not be disclosed to third parties in ways not described in this policy. For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Additionally, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to private entities or to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to address or resolve inquiries or problems. 
