> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the website101.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021207211315id_/http%3A//www.website101.com/ok.html%23privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WebSite 101 PRIVACY POLICY & contact form

If you become a   **[Member of WebSite101](http://website101.com/wham/students/cgi-bin/user-create.cgi)** , we store information about you only to be able to provide you any information requested from us, such as the WebSite101 Reading List or occassional site updates, or to contact you regarding updates to our privacy policy or send you password reminders to be able to access the WebSite101 Classroom and member services such as chat and bulletin boards. When you sign up you are given the choice to make your own information viewable by other WebSite101 members. It is important that you give this option careful consideration and make your choice appropriately by marking the check-boxes beside your preferences.

WebSite101 also offers links to sites offering products and services for which we receive affiliate commissions that may require the use of cookies from their site to identify you as coming **from** our site to purchase those products or services. We are careful to choose only quality programs, products and services, but cannot guarantee that those companies will respect your privacy. Please always read those third party site privacy policies before giving them your personal information. 

WebSite101 uses a "Referral Service" to allow our visitors to "tell a friend" about our site. But be aware that this referral service is a third-party site and thoroughly read **their** [Privacy Policy](http://www.focalex.com/privacy_policy.html) before providing your personal information to them!

**Many web sites work with third-party advertisers that attempt to serve[cookies](http://www.website101.com/Privacy_issues.html#cookies) to your hard drive. WebSite101 is supported by our membership, _not advertisers_. No cookies are served directly from this site.**

WebSite101 provides many links to outside, third-party web sites that don't share our distaste for cookies. Please be aware that our "No Cookie" policy applies only to WebSite101 and the pages served within this domain. Once you leave WebSite101 to visit any link, please be aware that most web sites serve cookies and most do not hesitate to gather and store information about you and your surfing habits in this way. We will not monitor any of the sites outside of our domain. Please be aware that we take no responsibility for the privacy practices of sites linked to from our pages. We provide outgoing links only to demonstrate relevant information discussed in this tutorial and to offer visitors the opportunity to refer our site to others.

No third party is ever given access to our database for any reason. You will be given a user name and password to be able to access and change or delete your information at any time. If you have any questions regarding the way we treat your personally identifiable information please email us at the following address: [Privacy@WebSite101.com](mailto:privacy@WebSite101.com) and we will answer your concerns or remove your information immediately. 
