> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the websitejudge.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130325170711id_/http%3A//websitejudge.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WebsiteJudge - Privacy Statement

When creating a profile, WebsiteJudge saves personal data in order to provide a better service. WebsiteJudge will not publish personal data to 3rd parties without express consent.

Personal data can be used by WebsiteJudge to inform about interesting product/service offers of selected companies that advertise with WebsiteJudge. WebsiteJudge will try to take into account personal preferences provided at the time of profile creation.

## Securing Personal Data

For security reasons, WebsiteJudge makes use of advanced security procedures, to prevent unauthorized persons/organizations access to personal data.

## Visitors Data

WebsiteJudge tracks visitor data such as "most visited pages" and "amount of visitors". With this information WebsiteJudge can improve it's services

## Usage of Cookies on WebsiteJudge

WebsiteJudge makes use of cookies. A cookie is a relatively small file that is saved on the visitors computer harddisk. These cookies do not contain personal data and shall only be used to improve the usage of WebsiteJudge.com Also some of WebsiteJudge's advertisers make use of cookies. These cookies do not contain personal data but are only used for tracking purposes.

As external supplier Google makes use of cookies to show advertisements on websitejudge.com. With the DART-cookie Google can show advertisement to users based on their visits to WebsiteJudge and their field of interest. Users can disable the [DoubleClick DART-cookie](http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/faq.aspx) by going to the [privacy policy of Googles advertisement network](http://www.google.nl/privacy_ads.html)

. 

WebsiteJudge uses Google Analytics to help analyse how users use the site. These tools use 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for WebsiteJudge.com We will never use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source, unless you explicity submit that information via a fill-in form on our website. 

## Changes

WebsiteJudge keeps the legal right to make changes in it's privacy statement as it sees fit. It's therefore wise to check this statement often
