> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the websitemagazine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080617014242id_/http%3A//www.websitemagazine.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Website Magazine Privacy Policy - WebsiteMagazine.com

### Website Magazine Privacy Policy

Website Magazine (hereinafter “WM”) values the privacy of our visitors/customers and takes every known precaution to safe guard the information we collect from unauthorized use. The following is a detailed explanation of the privacy policy for WM. Please note that this policy does not apply to those third-party sites that you may visit by selecting a hypertext link on one of our pages. You will need to consult those web sites’ privacy policies in order to determine how your privacy is protected.

### WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

WM believes it is important for you to know what types of information we collect when you use our site or sign up for one of our related services. We gather information about you when you visit our pages or the pages of certain WM partners and when you register for any of our services. We automatically record the name of the domain (for example, "abccompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you are connecting from a university's domain); the IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet) from which you access our website; the type of browser and operating system used to access our site; the date and time you access our site; the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site; and the pages you visit. Additionally, we collect information in the form of a cookie.

A cookie is a text file that is placed on your computer by a Web page server. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Our cookies record your personal information, such as billing address, shipping address, and other personal preferences that you have submitted to our site at an earlier time. When you register for any of our services we ask you for your email and postal address, name, phone number and non-personally identifiable demographic information such as job title. Each time you sign into WM after registering for a particular service, you will no longer be an anonymous visitor.

### WHY DO WE COLLECT THIS INFORMATION?

We use this information in order to serve the needs of our customers. We use the information we collect to personalize the advertising and content you see on our pages. We also use your information to process your requests for products and/or services, to improve our customer service, to contact you, to conduct internal investigations, and to supply anonymous statistics for internal and external clients. One of the primary functions of using cookies is to save you time when visiting our site. For example, if you customize WM‘s pages, or register for any of our services, a cookie enables us to summon up your specific information on subsequent visits. When you return to our web site, the information you previously submitted can be recalled, so you can more conveniently use the features/services you customized.

### CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13, COPPA COMPLIANCE

WM is a general audience web site intended to be used by people of all ages. This section gives specific details regarding information collected from children. Personal information is defined under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 as 1) a first and last name; 2) a home or other physical address including street name and name of a city or town; 3) an e-mail address; 4) a telephone number; 5) a Social Security number; 6) any other identifier that the FTC determines permits the physical or online contacting of a specific individual; or 7) information concerning the child or the parents of that child that the web site collects online from the child and combines with an identifier. When a child registers for any of our child services we collect the following information: name, address, birth date, phone, email address and email address of the parent/guardian to validate ages.

When a child under the age of 13 attempts to register with WM, we ask that he or she have a parent or guardian create a special account at (websitemagazine.com) in order for us to obtain parental consent. Verifiable parental consent is defined under the Act as any reasonable effort (taking into consideration available technology), including a request for authorization for future collection, use, and disclosure described in the notice, to ensure that a parent of a child receives notice of the operator’s personal information collection, use, and disclosure practices, and authorizes the collection, use, and disclosure, as applicable, of personal information and the subsequent use of that information before that information is collected from that child.

A child’s participation in a game, contest or other activity sponsored in our children’s section is not conditioned upon the child disclosing more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in any activity. We will not contact a child under the age of 13 about special offers or for marketing purposes without first obtaining permission from a parent or legal guardian.

Upon request of a parent or guardian and verification that this parent or guardian is indeed authorized to receive such information, 1) we will provide the parent or guardian with a description of the specific types of personal information collected from the child; 2) the opportunity to refuse at any time, our ability or further use or maintenance in retrievable form, or future online collection, of personal information from that child; 3) and means that is reasonable under the circumstances for the parent to obtain any personal information collected from that child. Should you refuse to allow us to continue the collection of information from your child as described in option 2 above, we reserve the right to terminate your child’s account or participation in our child programs. Additionally it should be noted that cookies are used for children in the same manner as they are for adults who use our web site. You have the option of disabling your computer to accept cookies.

### HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION PROTECTED?

We use the latest in encryption technology, including 128 bit SSL encryption to ensure that any sensitive information that is sent by you to us via the Internet is protected from unauthorized interception. We employ the latest in firewall protection to prevent unauthorized access into our information storage areas. We maintain a rigorous hiring process to screen out potential employees with criminal backgrounds. All employees that we do hire have to sign a confidentiality agreement that forbids them from disclosing any information to which the employee has access, to other individuals or entities. We also have back up servers and power supplies to guard against power outages and other natural occurrences that could pose a threat to the integrity of your personal information.

Passwords are required in order for you to gain access to your account. Once an account has been terminated, measures are taken to remove those users from the system who no longer need access to our system. When an employee is terminated or is no longer with the company, we change the access codes that the employee used to access any customer accounts. Account login sessions are terminated after three failed login attempts; all terminated login sessions are logged for follow-up. Passwords must contain at least six characters, one of which is non-alphanumeric. Passwords are case sensitive and must be updated every 90 days. Unused customer accounts, those that have shown no activity for 6 months are purged from our system.

### WHO HAS ACCESS TO MY INFORMATION?

We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you have requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances.

Only those employees that are responsible for handling your account have access to your information. Additionally, employees in our technical department may have access to your information in order to conduct routine checks on the integrity of our system and in order to perform necessary maintenance work. Should you choose to receive additional information regarding one of our services or products, we may pass your email address to one of our partners who offers similar products or services that you might be interested in.

We may allow advertising partners to mail to your street address (NO EMAILS) through Website Magazine or through an independent mailing organization that operates under a confidentiality agreement. Advertising partners will not have access to your private information. Additionally, we limit the number of mailings from advertisers that you may receive in any given year. 

We may provide your name and contact information to one of our trusted partners who work on behalf of WM under strictly enforced confidentiality agreements. These partners may use your information to contact you about offers from us or one of our advertising partners. However, these partners do not have any independent right to share, rent, or sell your information with anyone else.

Furthermore, judicial requests by a duly authorized court will require us to divulge certain information regarding your account should that situation arise. We may also share your information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. Finally, should our company ever be bought or sold, your account information would then become the property of the new owner/entity.

### CAN I CORRECT OR REMOVE INFORMATION FROM YOUR SITE?

You always have the option to view your account to make sure the information we have collected from you is indeed correct. You also have the option of removing any information from your account that you wish to keep private. However, please note that removing certain information such as your email address, contact information, and the like may greatly hinder our ability to effectively provide the service or products you have requested. We recommend, that you contact us first to discuss which information you may remove without interrupting the quality of service we intend to provide for you.

### CAN I OPT OUT OF HAVING CERTAIN INFORMATION COLLECTED?

You have the option of disabling your computer’s ability to accept or transmit cookies. This will prevent us from gathering certain non-personally identifiable information from you. You also have the option of removing yourself from any email distribution list that you may have signed up for.

### NOTICE OF CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. However, if any changes do occur, we will publish the changes to our web site and post a notice on the home page that a new privacy policy has been implemented. We will also take reasonable steps to contact you personally to let you know of the new changes. Should the company be bought or sold to someone else, we will take reasonable steps to notify you personally. You will then be given the option to keep your account open or to terminate.
