> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the websfor549.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-03-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080325001317id_/http%3A//www.websfor549.com/index-6.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ----Privacy Policy----

This website is owned and operated by WEBS FOR 549. Our postal address is 362 Kirby Cress. Newmarket, ON, LX 1G8. We can be reached via e-mail at websfor549@rogers.com or you can reach us by telephone at (905) 836 0962.

For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, no information on consumers who browse our Web page. The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page. With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.

With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward.

If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. We provide site visitors with access to no information that we have collected and that we maintain about them. Upon request we offer visitors no ability to have factual inaccuracies corrected in information that we maintain about them. With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.   
[webs@websfor549.com](mailto:webs@websfor549.com)
