> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zagat.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-03-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030307230214id_/http%3A//www.zagat.com/about/privacy_policy.asp%3FVID%3D1%26PID%3D1%26LID%3D) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ZAGAT SURVEY: BY POPULAR VOTE

Last Updated: September 10, 2002

This overall Privacy statement verifies, among other things, that Zagat Survey, LLC ("we" or "us" or "Zagat") on the Web is a member of the TRUSTe program and is in compliance with TRUSTe Privacy principles. 

[](http://www.truste.org/validate/6325)

Zagat Survey, LLC is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent, nonprofit organization whose mission is to build users' trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your Privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its Privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe. By displaying the TRUSTe trustmark, this Web site has agreed to notify you of: 

  1. Personally identifiable information about you or a third party that is collected from you through the Web site 
  2. The organization collecting the information 
  3. How the information is used 
  4. With whom the information may be shared 
  5. What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information 
  6. The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Zagat Survey's control 
  7. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information 

We always have and always will respect your privacy. Any information that you give us is held with the utmost care and will not be used other than as described in this privacy policy. 

Zagat has created this privacy policy to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy on zagat.com. The "Zagat" name and reputation have been built on the trust of its customers, and we hope that our commitment to online privacy will inspire the same trust in you while you are visiting zagat.com. We have adopted a set of information management guidelines which serve as the basis for our customer relationships. These guidelines have been developed with the recognition that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving. Accordingly, guidelines are subject to change. Any such changes will be posted on this page. Please read this privacy policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you use zagat.com. Please see our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20030307230214id_/http%3A//www.zagat.com/about/terms_of_use.asp?VID=1&PID=1&LID=) for more information about our online policies in general. 

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact: [feedback@zagat.com](mailto:feedback@zagat.com). If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe: [www.truste.org/users/users_watchdog.html](http://www.truste.org/users/users_watchdog.html). TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns. 

**The Information We Collect**  
We collect personal information from you on zagat.com only when it is specifically and knowingly provided by you. 

**User Registration**. Registration on zagat.com is strictly voluntary. To register on zagat.com, you must provide your name, address, e-mail address and year of birth. This information is required in the registration process at zagat.com, but we recognize that this is your personal information and we do not give it out to third parties. Becoming a registered user on zagat.com allows you to vote on restaurants in your favorite city and purchase items in our Shop. Additional demographic information, such as your occupation, level of education, household income and special interests, are also collected in an "optional information" area. In this section, you are not required to provide additional information about yourself that you may find personal. We do this to learn more about you in tailoring our Web site for your needs and preferences. We also will collect your phone number for shipping and billing information if you purchase an item at the zagat.com store. This information is mandatory for our shipping process, but will not be used for any other purpose. Also, at some point we may ask you for optional information with regard to your personal preferences on dining, travel and leisure activities to personalize your experiences on zagat.com, but this information will be optionally provided by you as well. At any time you may later review or update the personal information we have collected online from you by logging on with your user name and password and then going to the "update profile" icon. 

**Subscriptions to Zagat.com**. To subscribe to zagat.com, you must provide the personal information requested in the zagat.com subscription process, including, without limitation, your name, address, e-mail address, other information required in order to become a registered user of zagat.com, and your credit card information for subscription fee billing. This information is required in the subscription process, but we recognize that this is your personal information and we do not give it out to third parties without your approval. Becoming a subscriber of zagat.com provides you with the benefits described in the subscriber section of zagat.com, including access to certain content that is not available to persons who are not subscribers and a discount for purchases in our Shop. The Subscriber Agreement applies to your subscription to zagat.com. In addition, as a subscriber to zagat.com, which is part of zagat.com, you will also automatically become a registered user of zagat.com, thereby subjecting you to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy applicable to registered users, and you will be entitled to all of the benefits and privileges available to registered users of zagat.com.

**Credit Card Policy**. To simplify ordering and product fulfillment in our Shop, and also to make online reservations on our site and/or for your subscription to zagat.com, if applicable, we request your credit card number, its expiration date and your billing and shipping address. We transmit this information safely over the Internet in encrypted form and store it on a secure server. This information is used only to bill you for and ship to you the zagat.com products that you order or to bill you for your subscription to zagat.com or other services available on zagat.com.

**Cookies**. zagat.com employs cookies to recognize you and your access privileges. Cookies are small pieces of text stored on your computer that help us know which browser you are using and where you've been on zagat.com and on certain sites to which you may link in order to use some of our features. We keep track of your usage on our site to tailor it to your needs. We also use cookies to allow you to log on to zagat.com automatically without entering your ID and password each visit. When you save your ID and password and quit your browser, this information is stored in the cookie. This "permanent" cookie will remain on your hard disk indefinitely, until you clean out your cookie folder. Cookies also identify you and your preferences on our site. When you sign on to zagat.com, we look at this cookie to see what your preferences for zagat.com are, as well as your chosen default city. If you refuse to accept our cookies, we have no way of knowing who you are or if you are a registered user. Also, if you do not accept a cookie from zagat.com, you will not be allowed to submit votes or receive a discount in our Shop because we would not know that you are a registered user. We do not use cookies to retrieve personally identifiable information about you, and we never give out information to others about individual usage. This is the foundation of our privacy policy. We do provide advertisers and other third parties with aggregate information such as: "2,000 visitors saw your advertisement today, and 500 of them clicked on it." We can also tell how many visitors looked at a particular section, how often they come back and what areas of the site frequent and light users look at most often and least often. 

**E-mail a Review**. If you choose to e-mail one of our reviews to a friend, we collect the friend's name and e-mail address. This information is used only to deliver the review to your friend and is not stored on our servers. If "a friend" decides that he/she will register with zagat.com, he or she will be given the same rights of access as registered users of zagat.com. The prospect information that you submit for "a friend" will be used only for the use for which it is submitted. We will not share any of this information with any outside party for marketing purposes. Additionally, for "a friend" to register, they will have to follow zagat.com's registration process (see above) and will be given the same option in regard to receiving marketing materials that zagat.com offers to all registered users.

**IP Addresses**. zagat.com logs IP addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. We do not use IP address logs to track your session or your behavior on our site. Your IP address is not linked to any personally identifiable information.

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information**. This site uses Open AdStream NETWORK to serve and/or target ads, promotions and other marketing messages. This technology collects non-personally identifiable information about your visit to this and other sites, typically through the use of cookies. This information is used in aggregate format only to optimize the zagat.com web site.

**How We Use Your Information**  
We use your e-mail address and home address to send you updates and newsletters periodically about new features, special offers and targeted promotional items available on zagat.com. You may choose to not receive certain of these communications by so indicating during the registration process or in response to one of our e-mails or postal mailings. Each communication will clearly explain how to opt out of future communications. Any demographic information that you voluntarily share with us is used to tailor zagat.com to your interests. We also may share this demographic information with other companies with which we do business, but only on an aggregated basis so that none of your personally identifiable information is disclosed.

**With Whom We Share Information**  
We share your personally identifiable information with intermediaries. These intermediaries use your information only in connection with processing payments for online purchases that you've made in our Shop, or for online reservations, and with delivery of e-mail and postal mailings to our registered users who have elected to receive these types of communications. These intermediaries do not use, store or retain this information for secondary purposes, unless they indicate otherwise in communications to you. From time to time we may allow some of our select partners to send you special promotional offers that we believe may be of special interest to you. You may choose not to receive these communications from our partners by so indicating during the registration process or in response to any of these communications, each of which will clearly explain how to opt out of future communications. You may also opt out of having your personal information shared with these third parties by sending a request to [feedback@zagat.com](mailto:feedback@zagat.com). By doing this, you will have chosen to opt-out of having any of your personal information shared with a thirdparty. In addition, we may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform with the law or legal process or to protect or defend our rights or property.

**Security**  
zagat.com has security measures in place to help protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All information is stored in a secure operating environment. When sending sensitive information across the Internet - including your login ID, password and purchasing information such as credit cards - we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption provided by VeriSign. This software encrypts all information sent or received so that it cannot be intercepted and used by a foreign party. Once your information is received, it is stored on a secure server and access to your data is restricted to you and authorized personnel who process your orders and requests. Internally, all customer information is protected with multiple security checks. Each employee is granted access to our data with a username and password. Employee access to the system is limited to the functionality necessary for each person's job. 

Our employee orientation program includes a discussion of data integrity and network security. Employees are informed of our security policies and their access to applications and data on our network. 

The Internet is a constantly evolving environment and we continuously add new content and functionality to zagat.com. As such, we conduct reviews of our privacy and security policies and procedures regularly when changes are made to our site, when content is added and when new applications are implemented. 

Shopping online with zagat.com and providing your credit card information to zagat.com for other purposes, including subscribing to Zagat Wire, is safe and secure. We utilize VeriSign Secure Socket Layers (SSL) technology to ensure the secure transfer of your personal and credit card information through encryption. When a secure connection is initiated, our server's public key is automatically transferred to your browser. Your browser then uses this key to encrypt information transferred back to zagat.com. This information can only be decrypted using the private key installed on zagat.com's secure server. 

Having a secure sever takes much of the risk out of your credit card transactions. We also do all order processing and fulfillment on software that is separate from the Internet, so there is no danger of any unauthorized person gaining access to your order information. 

If you still do not feel comfortable about leaving your credit card information on our secured Web site, please contact our customer service department at (800) 333-3421 and we'll be happy to help you with your order or subscription.

**Special Policy With Regard to Information From Children Under Thirteen**  
During the registration process, users are asked to enter their "year of birth." This information is mandatory for registration on zagat.com. We do not allow children under the age of thirteen to go through the registration process at zagat.com.

**Links**  
We may provide links to third party Web sites as a service to our users. Please be aware that we cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection practices of such Web sites, which may differ from those of zagat.com. We will never provide personal information from a user to a third party without your explicit consent. We encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies on these Web sites before providing any information to them.

**How You Can Access or Correct Your Information**  
You can make changes to your personal information at any time by clicking on "My Profile" on zagat.com or by e-mailing us at [feedback@zagat.com](mailto:feedback@zagat.com). At any time you can also review your personal information by clicking on "My Profile" as well.

**Questions**  
Protecting your privacy is one of our highest priorities. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, you may e-mail us at [feedback@zagat.com](mailto:feedback@zagat.com), or write to us at Zagat Survey, LLC, 4 Columbus Circle, New York, NY, 10019, Attn: Privacy

**Consent and Opting-Out**  
Upon request, zagat.com will: 

  1. Remove you and your personal information, from our database, thereby canceling your registration
  2. Correct personal information that you state is erroneous
  3. Permit you to "opt out" of further e-mail contact (excepting notification from zagat.com of major changes to the service) while still allowing access to the site

To request a correction or cancellation, send e-mail to [feedback@zagat.com](mailto:feedback@zagat.com).

**Notification of Changes**  
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. Regardless of later updates, we will never use the information you submit under this current policy in a new way without first providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prevent that use (we will post a notification of such changes 30 days prior to their implementation). You may determine when this privacy policy was updated last by noting the "Last Updated" date directly beneath the title of this page.

Thank you for reading this privacy policy and for using zagat.com.
