> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bcmtouring.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130805181201id_/http%3A//www.bcmtouring.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy of BCMTouring

**1\. General Policy**. BCMTouring knows that you, its visitors, care about how information about you is used and shared. BCMTouring promises that it will use information about you carefully and sensibly. This document describes the information that BCMTouring collects about visitors to this Website, how BCMTouring uses that information and how BCMTouring protects that information. It also discusses certain choices you have regarding your personal information. This Policy does not apply to information you post on a Forum (as that term is defined in out Terms of Use) and your rights and obligations with those posting is set forth in those Terms of Use.

**2.   Information BCMTouring Collects**. BCMTouring collects and stores the following information about visitors to this Website:

**2.1 Automatically Generated Information**. Whenever you visit this Website, BCMTouring receives and stores information about that visit. BCMTouring uses "cookies" to obtain information about you and your Web browser, including (a) the Internet Protocol (IP) address that connects your computer to the Internet; (b) email address and confirmation when you open an email sent from this Website; (c) password; (d) browser type and version, operating system and platform and other computer and connection information; (e) the date, time and full Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) of your clicks to, through and from this Website; (f) services and products you search for; (g) sections of this Website you visit. "Cookies" are alphanumeric identifiers that we place on your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our servers to recognize your browser as more specifically described in Section 3.6 below. There are companies that provide tools that allow you to visit Websites anonymously. While use of these tools may prevent us from providing you with personalized service, you should be aware that this option is available.

**2.2 Information You Provide**. When you visit this Website, you may provide information in order to take advantage of the services offered through this Website. BCMTouring collects and stores that information. You may always choose not to provide the information we request. However, you may then be unable to take advantage of the features and services we offer on this Website.

**3 How BCMTouring Uses Information**. BCMTouring uses information about you in order to provide the services described in this Website. In addition, BCMTouring shares customer information with its affiliates and as described below.

**3.1 No** **Sale** **of Personal Information**. BCMTouring will not sell your personal information to others except in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of BCMTouring related to this Website.

**3.2 Third Party Service Providers**. BCMTouring may from time to time engage others to provide services to BCMTouring, to you and to other visitors to this Website. For example, BCMTouring may engage other companies to host, operate and maintain this Website, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, perform inventories or assessments and provide other services. BCMTouring will give them access to your personal information to the extent necessary to do their jobs. BCMTouring cannot guaranty that those companies will protect your personal information to the same extent described in this Privacy Policy.

**3.3 Statistical Information**. BCMTouring sells or otherwise shares some information about its visitors with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties. However, that information is statistical in nature and does not identify specific individuals. For example, BCMTouring counts the number of visitors for purposes of managing its banner advertising business. BCMTouring uses that data to, among other things, customize content, services and advertising to better suit the needs of its visitors and customers.

**3.4 Emails**. From time to time, BCMTouring may send email messages to users. BCMTouring may use a bulk email service to distribute that information. If you do not want to receive bulk emails, please indicate that preference on your registration information or contact BCMTouring at [remove@BCMTouring.com](mailto:remove@BCMTouring.com). Except for email messages that you send to BCMTouring or as provided in Section 6 titled “Your Participation in and Postings on Forums” of the Terms of Use, BCMTouring will not monitor, edit or disclose the contents of your email unless required in the course of normal maintenance of this Website and systems.

**3.5 Cookies**. Upon your first visit to this Website, our Website sends a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a file that identifies you as a unique user. It stores personal preferences and user data. Cookies do not identify you by name. BCMTouring has two primary uses for its cookies. First, BCMTouring uses them to specify unique facts. Secondly, BCMTouring uses cookies to track user trends and patterns. This helps BCMTouring better understand and improve this Website and its services. While both of these activities depend on the use of a "cookie," visitors to this Website should have the option of disabling cookies through their browser preferences. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some BCMTouring services may not function properly if you disable cookies.

**3.6 Other Disclosures/Use**. BCMTouring will disclose your personal information if BCMTouring in good-faith believes it is required to do so: (a) by law or to comply with the law or legal process served on BCMTouring; (b) to protect and defend BCMTouring rights or property; or (c) in an emergency to protect the personal safety of BCMTouring customers, visitors or the public.

**4\. Links to Other Websites**. When you visit this Website, you could be directed to websites of Third Party Providers and to other websites that are beyond BCMTouring control. There are many links to other websites from this Website that may take you outside BCMTouring service. BCMTouring believes that this is one of the strengths of this Website. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement link or if you click on a Third Party Provider link, the "click" may take you from this Website to the website of that other person. Those other websites may not have privacy policies or may have privacy policies that are not as protective of your personal information as BCMTouring policy. These other websites may send their own cookies to visitors collect data or solicit personal information. BCMTouring strongly recommends that you review and understand the privacy policies of the websites you visit, whether you visit those websites directly or through a link from a page on this Website.

**5\. Forums**. Whenever you give out personal information online, including via forums, message boards or chat groups, that information can be collected and used by others. While BCMTouring strives to protect its visitors' personal information and privacy as outlined in this Privacy Policy, BCMTouring cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk. See, the Terms of Use for more information.

**6\. Policy Regarding Children**. This Website is for people 13 years of age and older. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not submit any information to BCMTouring without the consent of a parent or guardian. BCMTouring does not intentionally collect any information about children.

**7\. Disputes regarding use of Personal Information**. All disputes regarding BCMTouring use of your personal information and/or the terms of this Privacy Policy will be resolved as more specifically provided in the Terms of Use. This Privacy Policy is a part of and is subject to the Terms of Use.

**8\. Miscellaneous**. BCMTouring policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond BCMTouring control. BCMTouring uses reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure. However, BCMTouring is not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of any third parties.

BCMTouring reserves the right at its discretion to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. Please review this page periodically for changes.

If you at any time have questions about this Privacy Policy, please send your question via email to [admin@BCMTouring.com](mailto:admin@BCMTouring.com). 

LAST UPDATED: 23/05/2007
