> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tfaw.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130605143512id_/http%3A//www.tfaw.com/Help/Privacy-Policy___35) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TFAW.com: Home > Help > Privacy Policy

**Things From Another World, Inc. Privacy Policy**

Please keep in mind that if you're using this site, you are agreeing to the Privacy Policy of Things From Another World, Inc.

Things From Another World, Inc. recognizes the privacy concerns of visitors to its site on the Internet. Specifically, we recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about our visitors. As a general policy, no personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, or email address, is automatically collected from visitors to our site. We may collect certain non-personal information used only to optimize our web pages for your computer (i.e., the identity of your Internet browser and the type of operating system you use). We may also use non-personal information to determine the total number of visitors to our website.

We will not sell, rent, or give out your personal information to any party outside of our company, with the exception of providing limited information (your name, email address, and order total) to our third party partner buySAFE for the SOLE purpose of providing you with a cost free 3-in-1 guarantee on your purchase. buySAFE does not utilize any of the information they receive for any purpose other than insuring your purchase, and communicating the terms of that guarantee to you. Things From Another World values your privacy and your information very much. All customer information is stored on our SSL server behind 128-bit encryption, the most secure encryption available commercially at this time. We are verified by [Comodo](http://www.trustlogo.com/), one of the leading SSL Certification companies.

Personally identifiable information about visitors to the Things From Another World, Inc. site is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted. In those instances when we do collect such information, the following applies:

 **I. POLICIES THAT APPLY TO INDIVIDUALS AGE 13 AND OVER**

**COLLECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION BY THINGS FROM ANOTHER WORLD, INC.**

**General.** Personally identifiable information about visitors to this Site (that is, information such as a visitor's name, e-mail address, mailing address, or telephone number) is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted. Such information may be requested in connection with our sweepstakes, contests, games, surveys, forums, subscription registrations, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, requests for suggestions, visitors' requests for products or services, and visitors' requests for additional information. 

**Joint Collection of Personal Information.** Sometimes Things From Another World, Inc. collects personal information jointly with business partners or sponsors. The identity of the entities collecting personal information will be clear at the time your personal information is collected. A detailed description of shared use can also be found in the specific Terms of Use for this Site, and in the rules for sweepstakes and promotions. 

**WHAT THINGS FROM ANOTHER WORLD, INC. DOES (AND DOESN'T DO) WITH THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

**General.** Things From Another World, Inc. uses personally identifiable information only for the purpose for which it is submitted unless we disclose other uses at the time of collection, in which case you will have the opportunity to instruct us not to use your data in other ways (i.e., "opt-out"). 

**Sharing Personal Information.** Things From Another World, Inc. may share personally identifiable information with other Dark Horse companies or with some of our business partners who would like to send you information about their products or services. However, when we collect your information, you will have the opportunity to instruct us not to share your information in these ways. 

**LINKS/CO-BRANDED SITES**

Things From Another World, Inc. has established relationships with advertisers and reputable business partners that allow visitors to our Site to link directly to sites operated by these partners. Some of these sites may be "co-branded" with a Things From Another World, Inc. logo; however, they are not operated or maintained by Things From Another World, Inc.. These sites may collect personal information from you. This Privacy Policy will apply to any personal information we obtain in this manner from our partners. 

Things From Another World, Inc. chooses its advertisers and business partners carefully. However, Things From Another World, Inc. is not responsible for the content or practices of Web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our Site. These links are meant for the user's convenience only. Links to third party sites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by Things From Another World, Inc. of the content, policies, or practices of such third party sites. We are not responsible for any information these sites may obtain and do not oversee their policies or practices in collecting personal information. Therefore, once you have left this Site via such a link, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site. 

This Site may also be linked to Web sites operated by companies affiliated with Things From Another World, Inc.. Things From Another World, Inc. may share information collected by our affiliated companies; however this Privacy Policy will apply to any personal information we receive in this manner. Visitors to our affiliated company's sites should still refer to their separate privacy policies and practices when providing any personally identifiable information. 

**NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION**

When visitors come to our Site, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which web pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which hyperlinks, if any, were "clicked" by the visitor. Collecting such information involves the logging of IP addresses, operating system (e.g., Windows or Macintosh), type of browser software (e.g., Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer), and Internet service providers (e.g., AOL or NET.COM) used by each visitor to the Site. Although such information is not personally identifiable, it can be used to determine the IP address of the visitor's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity to the Internet. 

Cookies are small bits of information that our site places on the hard drive of your computer to enable us to do a number of things to make your visit and future visits to the site more enjoyable. For example, cookies allow a visitor to quickly log on to a site he/she has used before by storing a password. Cookies are not used to obtain information about a user that was not previously provided in a cookie. The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifiable information about a visitor, and Things From Another World, Inc. does not use cookies in order to obtain such information. Things From Another World, Inc. will never save credit card information in cookies. Most major sites on the Internet use cookies. Visitors may receive cookies from third parties, but Things From Another World, Inc. cannot control the content of these cookies. You should consult your browser owner's manual for instructions on how to refuse cookies. 

Things From Another World, Inc. uses non-personally identifiable information and information obtained through the use of cookies in order to improve the Site. By tracking how many people visit our Site and where visitors go on our Site, we are able to determine which part of the Site users like the best, which part needs some improvement, and what changes should be made. By obtaining this information, we are able to continually improve our Site and bring you the best online experience possible. Things From Another World, Inc. may also disclose some of non-personal information we obtain to advertisers to inform them of how many people have seen or linked to their advertisements on our Site. However, we will never disclose personally identifiable information to these advertisers. 

**REVIEWING AND MAKING CHANGES TO PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION**

Visitors may review, change, or delete personal information from our records at any time. If you would like to review, change, or delete your personal information, please contact us at "privacy1 at tfaw dot com", call us at 503-652-8815, or write us at Dark Horse Network, Attn: Personal Info, 10956 SE Main St, Milwaukie, OR 97222. If you have requested the deletion of your information, we will immediately delete your information from our database and refrain from collecting any other personally identifiable information from your child, if you so request. However, there may be residual information that will remain within our databases that may or may not contain personally identifiable information. This residual information will not be given to any other third party or used for any commercial purpose. 

**SECURITY AND INTEGRITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

Things From Another World, Inc. has established and maintains reasonable procedures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of personal information collected by this Site. 

**II. ADDITIONAL POLICIES THAT APPLY TO CHILDREN UNDER 13**

**KIDS AND INTERNET SAFETY**

We at Things From Another World, Inc. understand that the Internet presents an opportunity for us to reach the public in new and exciting ways with information about our programming, fun games, exciting sweepstakes and contests, e-mail, chat rooms, bulletin boards, and other forms of interactivity. Things From Another World, Inc. also recognizes the privacy concerns of parents, and the importance of protecting the privacy of the information this Site collects from kids. Parents of kids who visit this Site can be confident that any personal information that may be provided to this Site will be collected and maintained in accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). Things From Another World, Inc. encourages parents to supervise their kids' activities online and to participate in their kids' online activities whenever possible. However, we understand that parents may not always be able to supervise their kids' activities on the Internet. That's why Things From Another World, Inc. has developed a Site that parents can feel is safe for their kids and kids will find cool, informative, educational, and fun! Because there's always room for improvement, Things From Another World, Inc. welcomes any suggestions on how to make the Site a better, safer place to hang out. 

Section I of this Privacy Policy applies to the collection of personal information from all visitors to this site, regardless of age. Section II describes the special, additional policies Things From Another World, Inc. applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information submitted to this Site by kids under 13. 

**COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13**

When a visitor to our Site is under the age of 13, Things From Another World, Inc. does not require the disclosure of more personally identifiable information than is reasonably necessary for him or her to participate in an activity as a condition of such participation. 

Things From Another World, Inc. may use different types of personally identifiable information submitted to this Site by kids under 13 in a variety of ways, which are described below. In each instance, we comply with the parental consent requirements of COPPA. 

**A. Use of a Child's Information by Things From Another World, Inc.**

  * We may collect a child's e-mail address in connection with a contest, sweepstakes or game for the sole purpose of communicating with the child on a one-time-only basis (i.e., to contact a contest winner). This information will not be used to re-contact the child, and will be deleted from our records when the contest or game is over. Parental consent is obtained before we send the winner a prize.
  * We may collect a child's e-mail address in order to respond more than once to a child's specific request. For example, the child may want to subscribe to an online newsletter or receive other online communications from Things From Another World, Inc.. In these instances, Things From Another World, Inc. will also obtain a parent's e-mail address along with the child's. Before any further contact with the child, Things From Another World, Inc. will send an e-mail to the parent (a) notifying him or her we have collected the child's e-mail address in order to respond more than once to the child's request for a subscription, information, etc; (b) informing the parent that he or she can refuse us permission to contact the child, and how to do so; and (c) informing the parent that if he or she does not respond to the e-mail within 72 hours, Things From Another World, Inc. may use the child's information for the purpose for which it was submitted.
  * We may collect a child's personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number) for such activities as joining the Dark Horse Message Boards, chats, forums, surveys, games, bulletin boards, requests for suggestions, subscription registrations, content submissions, requests for products or services, or requests for additional information. In these instances, we will initially collect only the child's name and online contact information and the e-mail address of the child's parent. Before using this information for any purpose, we will send the parent an e-mail that (a) informs the parent that we wish to collect and use the child's personal information and need the parent's consent to do so, and (b) provides the parent with a link to access to this Privacy Policy, which describes our information collection and use policies as required by COPPA. If the proposed use of the child's personal information does not involve disclosure to a third party, then Things From Another World, Inc. will ask the parent to provide consent by return e-mail. Upon receipt of the e-mail consent, we will send the parent a confirming e-mail. If the proposed use of the child's personal information involves disclosure to third parties, the e-mail we send to the parent will ask the parent either to (i) return by postal mail or fax a consent form that will be attached to the e-mail, or (ii) call a toll-free number where consent can be given over the phone. If parental consent is not obtained by one of these methods within 72 hours, Things From Another World, Inc. will delete all of the child's and parent's personally identifiable information from its records. In addition, parents can revoke a prior consent at any time.
  * We may collect a child's name and e-mail address to the extent reasonably necessary to protect the security of this Site, to protect against liability, or as required or permitted by law. Information collected for these reasons will not be used for any other purpose.

**B. Sharing Children's Personal Information with Third Parties.** Things From Another World, Inc. may share a child's personal information with our affiliated companies and promotional partners for their marketing purposes. These third parties have not agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the personal information they obtain from Things From Another World, Inc.. As noted above, parents may exercise their option not to consent to the disclosure of their child's personal information to third parties. Parents may consent to Things From Another World, Inc.'s collection and use of a child's personal information without consenting to the disclosure of the information to third parties. 

**LINKS/CO-BRANDED SITES**

As noted in Section I of this Privacy Policy, this Site may link directly to sites operated by Things From Another World, Inc.'s advertisers, business partners, and affiliated companies. Those sites, which are not controlled by Things From Another World, Inc., may collect personal information from your child. Parents should therefore check the relevant site's privacy policy to understand how it collects and uses kids' personal information. Things From Another World, Inc. will not share in any personal information obtained by a site from a child under the age of 13 unless that site follows the requirements of COPPA. 

**REVIEWING AND MAKING CHANGES TO PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13**

Parents of children under age 13 may review, change, or delete personal information about their kids from our records at any time. If you would like to review, change, or delete your child's personal information, please [contact us](http://www.tfaw.com/Help/Contact-Us___145). If you have requested deletion of your child's information, we will immediately delete your child's information from our database and refrain from collecting any other personally identifiable information from your child. However, there may be residual information that will remain within our databases that may or may not contain personally identifiable information. This residual information will not be given to any other third party or used for any commercial purpose.

**Privacy Policy Changes**  
Things From Another World, Inc. reviews its privacy policy periodically, and it may be subject to change.
