> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the billhighway.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060618131227id_/http%3A//www.billhighway.com/aph/privacypolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Automated Payment Highway - Solutions For Shared Billing

|   
|  |  Privacy and Security Statement  
At APH your privacy is our top priority. Any information given to us from you, whether personal or unit based is confidential. We want you to understand how the APH process works, so we ask that you carefully read our Privacy and Security Statement. APH Security  
All information about you is protected according to established security standards and procedures. We are always looking to update and implement the newest online security available. APH Theft Insurance  
To ensure the Safety of your funds even further APH has implemented an Insurance Program to cover your monthly transaction amount with APH. If your funds are not used exactly how you have specified, the amount is insured. So don’t worry, feel comfortable knowing APH is looking out for your best interest and your money. Confidentiality of Information  
APH will never sell information given to us by you to a third party for marketing purposes. Only information about your account or transfers will be disclosed to third parties or to new billers: a) where it is necessary for opening or maintaining your account, or for completing transfers or payments, b) if lawfully required or, c) if you request or authorize it. Protection of Information Exchanged Online  
While going through the registration process at our website you submit personal and financial information that is necessary to begin using the service or process payments. During any exchange of information on our website a "secure session" is established with Secure Sockets Layers (SSL). Using 128-bit encryption SSL technology secretly encodes information that is sent over the Internet between your computer and APH. This is the highest level commercially available. To make sure the session is secure you will find "https" instead of "http" to the left of the web page address on your browser. That "s" means the session is secure. Accurate and Updated Information  
The APH infrastructure is designed to keep records accurate, current and complete. You will have the ability to see your personal information each time you login to the APH website, or, if you would prefer, e-mailing us at [support@billhighway.com](mailto:support@billhighway.com) during regular business hours. If you see your records are incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please e-mail, write or call us, and we will investigate the matter, and correct the information. How to Contact Us Regarding Privacy and Security Issues  
Privacy and Security are first on our list. We want you to feel comfortable using a service that was designed for you. The best way to do that is to make sure all of your questions and concerns are answered. E-mail us with comments, criticisms or complaints at [support@billhighway.com](mailto:support@billhighway.com) or call toll free 1.866.BILLHWY during regular business hours.  THANK YOU FOR GETTING ON THE BILLHIGHWAY.COM; WE HOPE YOU ENJOY THE RIDE!!!  |   
---|---|---
