> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the billguard.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140214095051id_/https%3A//www.billguard.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BillGuard® | The Smart Money App | Privacy & Security Policy

##  Privacy & Security Policy 

Hi there. We realize legal documents like these are mostly never read but since you cared enough to click over, we want to take the opportunity to thank you and to tell you that your privacy and security are our top priorities at BillGuard. No, really. We're in the business of protecting you and that all starts with ensuring that your [financial data is safe.](https://web.archive.org/web/20140214095051id_/https%3A//www.billguard.com/secure) We do not sell your personal information to any third party, for any reason. 

We also go out of our way to request only the minimal information needed in order to notify you when BillGuard finds Grey Charges on your accounts. The text below explains how we use the information you provide us in as clear terms as possible but if anything is confusing or you'd just like to chat about it, please feel free to email me personally at yaron@billguard.com. I look forward to your email and thank you for the opportunity to earn your trust. We truly are safer together.

So let's get started...

This privacy and security policy ( **“Policy”** ) explains the accepted privacy practices of BillGuard Inc. ( **"BillGuard"** , **"we"** , **"us"** or **"our"** ) for (i) our website [www.billguard.com](https://www.billguard.com/) (the **"Website"** ); (ii) any BillGuard mobile software application that we license (each an **"App"** ); and (iii) the personal finance security service which we make available to our users via the Website and/or App (the “Service”), and describes the ways we collect and use your Personal Information (defined below) and the rights and options available to you with respect this information. This Policy is incorporated into, as applicable, BillGuard's Website [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/tos) (the **"Terms of Use"** ) and BillGuard’s App end user license agreement ( **“EULA”** ). Unless the Website, App or Service is separately referred to in this Policy, all references herein to the "Services" shall include the Website, the App and the Service. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Such change will be effective ten (10) days following posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Website and/or App. You agree to be bound by any of the changes made in the terms of this Policy. Continuing to use the Services ten (10) days after any changes to this Policy are posted will indicate your acceptance of the amended terms. If you do not agree with any of the amended terms, you must avoid any further use of the Services. 

  1. **Personal Information that you provide**
    1. While some areas of the Services may not require registration or any other form of identification, other parts may. Consequently, when you register with BillGuard, we may ask you to provide certain personal details such as your name, e-mail address, date of birth, zip code, and further optional information. **"Personal Information"** means any information that may be used, either alone or in combination with other information, to personally identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a personal profile, an email address, or other contact information.
    2. In addition, and in order for BillGuard to scan your credit card and/or debit card statements, you will need to provide us with your third party account credentials. This information includes the credentials asked by your financial institution, your financial institutions' name and your credit and/or debit card names. We keep your Personal Information in strict confidentiality and we will only such use information to provide you with the requested Services.
    3. We may collect your financial Personal Information through the services of a third party that will assist us in providing you with our Services, in which case you acknowledge and agree to review and be bound by the terms of use and privacy policy of said third party service provider.
  2. **Our partnership with Yodlee** We've engaged [Yodlee Inc.](http://www.yodlee.com/), a trusted, industry-standard third party provider to provide us financial account aggregation services. The account credentials of your credit/debit card online statements that you provide us during registration are passed on to Yodlee Inc. and securely stored on their servers. For improved safety, we purposefully do not store any of your credit/debit card account credentials. For more information about Yodlee and to review their privacy policy go to: <http://www.yodlee.com/privacy-policy.html>
  3. **Additional Personal Information that we collect**
    1. In addition to the Personal Information you provide, we may further collect information when you use the Services. For example, this information may include the frequency and scope of your use of the Services, transactions that you made, the Internet protocol (IP) address, or mobile device ID, and the name of the domain that serves you to access the Services, your browser type and the geographic location of the computer system or mobile device (as described in further detail below) that you are using to log-in to the Services.
    2. Certain location-based services that we may provide ( **"Location Services"** ) in connection with the App are dependent on data related to the geographic location of the mobile device on which the App is installed ( **"Location Data"** ). If you choose to participate in these Location Services, you agree that we may collect or obtain Location Data from you.
  4. **What do we do with your personally identifiable information?**  
Your privacy is our priority. We will not sell, trade or lease your personally identifiable information. We may use your personally identifiable information for the following purposes only: 
    1. to enable you to use the Services;
    2. to improve and customize your experience on the Website and/or App;
    3. to retrieve your credit card statements and information regarding your transactions as agreed by you.
    4. to provide you with support, handle complaints and collect fees and to conduct administrative activities necessary to maintain and provide our Services;
    5. to send you Services-related updates, notices and announcements;
    6. to provide you with information related to the Services;
    7. to conduct surveys and questionnaires;
    8. to enforce BillGuard's Terms of Use and/or EULA;
    9. to contact you regarding service and administration related issues as and when BillGuard believes it to be necessary;
    10. to comply with any applicable law and assist law enforcement agencies under any applicable law, when BillGuard has good faith to believe that BillGuard's cooperation with the law enforcement agencies is legally mandated or meets the applicable legal standards;
    11. to prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity theft and other illegal activities and misuse of the Services;
    12. to take any action in any case of dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind between you and BillGuard, or between you and any other third parties or users with respect to, or in relation with the Services;
    13. to provide Yodlee with your login details in order to allow them to retrieve the information as further described here above.
  5. **How do we use aggregated information?**  
We may use anonymous, statistical or aggregated information collected on or through the use of the Services. We may also use anonymous, statistical or aggregated information to properly operate the Services, to improve the quality of the Services, to enhance your experience, to create new services and features, including customized services, to change or cancel existing content or service, for further internal, commercial and statistical purposes. 
  6. **Sharing information with others**
    1. We do not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information to third parties for any of their marketing purposes.
    2. We may share Personal Information with others in any of the following instances, or subject to your explicit consent: 
      1. To operate the Website, App and Service, and their respective services, and to enable you to use them; we will share your Personal Information with third parties to the extent required to operate our Services and to facilitate your use of them. Thus for example, we will provide Yodlee with your login details in order for them to retrieve the necessary information;
      2. We may share your information with third parties for analysis purposes in the hopes of better improving our Services;
      3. If we reasonably believe that you have breached BillGuard's Terms of Use or EULA, or abused your rights to use any of the Services, or performed any act or omission that we reasonably believe to be violating any applicable laws, rules, or regulations. We may share your information in these cases, with law enforcement and other competent authorities and with any third party, as may be required to handle any result of your wrongdoing;
      4. If we are required, or reasonably believe to be required by law to share or disclose your information;
      5. In any case of dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind between you and us or between you and any other third parties and/or users with respect to, or in relation with any of the Services;
      6. In any case where we reasonably believe that sharing information is necessary to prevent imminent harm to an individual or physical damage or damage to property;
      7. If we organize the operation of any of our Services within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity, or if we are acquired by, or merged into or with another entity, provided however, that those entities agree to be bound by the provisions of this Policy, with respective changes taken into consideration;
      8. We may also share Personal Information with companies or organizations connected, or affiliated with us and/or our Services, such as subsidiaries, affiliates, parent companies, service providers and other partners, with the express provision that their use of such information must comply with this Policy, in order to improve and provide the Services.
      9. We may also store and/or back up your comments (as defined on our Services) through third party storage providers.
  7. **Choice/Opt-out Option**  
We provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of having your Personal Information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information.  
For example, if you no longer wish to receive our promotional communications, service related announcements and our account billing alerts, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each communication, by revising your personal settings page on the Website to opt-out. 
  8. **Accessing your Personal Information** At any time you may access your account on the Website and edit, delete or amend your Personal Information. If you find that the Personal Information in your account is not accurate, complete or updated, than you should make all necessary changes to correct it. Please keep in mind that false, incorrect, or outdated information may prevent you from registering with the Services and impair our ability to provide you with the Service through the Website and/or App. If you are unable to edit, delete or amend any Personal Information via your Website account, you may submit an access request to us by sending an email to [privacy@billguard.com](mailto:privacy@billguard.com). Your email should include adequate details of your request. 
  9. **Data retention**
    1. At all times we may review, retain and disclose any Personal Information as we deem necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. However, by doing so we do not either expressly or impliedly endorse, affirm or in any manner assume any responsibility for such communications.
    2. When your account is terminated, we will delete your Personal Information and discontinue any connection with your financial institution regarding your account. Naturally, once disconnected, you will no longer have access to your BillGuard account. However, due to periodical backups and safety mechanisms meant for your information protection and for our administrative purposes, certain aggregated data and/or Personal Information from your account may remain in our systems for an indefinite time. We will not knowingly keep this in a way that could identify you. If you have a query about any such Personal Information that we may be storing, please email us at [privacy@billguard.com](mailto:privacy@billguard.com). Your email should include adequate details of your query.
  10. **Cookies and other tracking technologies**
    1. We may use cookies with the Services. Cookies are packets of information sent by the Services’ servers to your web browser and then sent back by your browser each time you access the Services’ servers.
    2. The cookies may contain a variety of information, such as the content of search queries, the Services’ pages you have accessed, session durations and IP addresses or mobile device ID.
    3. The Services may use cookies for various purposes, such as to save you the need to re-enter your user name and password each time you log-in, to facilitate the use of the Services, to collect statistical information with respect to the use of the Services, to verify information, to customize the Services to your personal preferences and for information security purposes.
    4. Some of the cookies may expire when your browsing session ends and you exit your browser, however other cookies are saved on your computer's or mobile device’s hard drive. If you wish to block the Services’ cookies, then please use the help button in your browser, or use the “settings” function in your mobile device, and follow the necessary instructions. However, bear in mind that disabling cookies may complicate or even prevent your use of the Services’ or certain features and functions thereof.
    5. In addition, we may make use of web beacons on the Services for user security purposes and in order to improve product service and evaluation. A web beacon is an object that is inserted in an e-mail or web page and is usually invisible to the user. The beacon allows checking that a user has viewed the page or e-mail, allowing us to track user services and website traffic more effectively.
    6. In addition to the above, we may collect limited information from your mobile device in order to provide the App. Such information may include your mobile device type, mobile device id, and date and time stamps of App use. We may deploy tracking technologies within the App to help us gather aggregate statistics, but we do not intend to use Personal Information for such purposes.
  11. **Links to Other Sites**  
The Services may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. Therefore, we encourage you to be aware when you leave our Website or App and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. 
  12. **Information Security**
    1. We take great effort in securing your Personal Information and we will do our best to safeguard your information from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
    2. We implement a variety of systems, applications and procedures to secure your Personal Information, to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. Among such security methods is the storing of Personal Information on cloud services, firewalls, encryption codes, authentication procedures and multi layer passwords. Furthermore, we implement employee supervision and prevent unnecessary access to data.
    3. Please keep your BillGuard password safe. We strongly advise that you do not share this information with any third parties or leave it exposed. Furthermore, we strongly advise you to change your password from time to time. Please also be aware that certain Personal Information and other information provided by you in connection with your use of the App may be stored on your mobile device (even if we do not collect that information). You are solely responsible for maintaining the security of your mobile device from unauthorized access.
  13. **Children’s Privacy** The Services are not structured to attract individuals under the age of 13. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect Personal Information from anyone we know to be under 13. 
  14. **Contacting us** You may send us requests, responses, questions and complaints with respect to our Privacy Policy and privacy practices by using the Send Feedback form in the App, or by contacting us at [Feedback@BillGuard.com](mailto:feedback@billguard.com) or BillGuard Inc. 3 Columbus Circle, 15th Floor. New York, NY 10019. 



Last update: May 30, 2013
