> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the billshrink.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090620180745id_/http%3A//www.billshrink.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**  
Effective May 11, 2009

BillShrink, Inc. (“ **BillShrink** ”) offers certain services, tools, links and recommendations to assist you in shopping for products and services related to the purchase of third party products and services. BillShrink bases its recommendations on information you provide regarding your usage habits for the applicable products and services.

BillShrink recognizes that you trust us to act in a responsible manner with any information, including product usage information, we learn about you when you visit and use the BillShrink website and related websites hosted and maintained by BillShrink (the “ **Site** ”), when you access, download or use any information, software, features or other content appearing on the Site or offered by BillShrink (the “ **Services** ”). This Privacy Policy applies to information that you provide to us through the Services. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and disclose information we receive when you visit and use the Site and/or when you access, download or use the Services. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our [Terms of Service](http://www.billshrink.com/terms-of-use/).

As used in this Privacy Policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.

**Information Collection & Use**  
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services, to administer your subscription and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate and use our Site and Services.

**Personally Identifiable Information**

• When you register us, we will ask you for certain information that can be used to contact or identify you and to administer your account (“ **Personal Information** ”). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, any user names, account passwords, phone numbers, or other billing information, email address, home and business postal addresses and your privacy preferences. If you sign up to receive promotional offers or alerts via text messaging, any mobile number you provide us to receive such offers or alerts will be collected by BillShrink as Personal Information. BillShrink may also request that you provide Personal Information when you order additional services (for example, premium functionality), when you request promotional information, when you complete customer surveys, when you participate in contests or provide testimonials, when you call our customer support line and if you contact or interact with us.

• BillShrink uses your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Product Usage Information and/or in conjunction with your Site Usage Information) mainly to provide the Services, complete your requests, resolve disputes and communicate with you. For example, BillShrink may use your Personal Information in order to enable us to process and validate your account subscription, to bill for any Services, to contact you regarding the Services, to contact you about new or existing products and services, customer testimonials, or special offers that may be of interest to you, to process and charge any fees due, to verify your identity or customer qualifications as may be required, to detect and protect us against error, fraud or criminal activity, to enforce our terms of use, to respond to any communications you send us or to provide you with any relevant or requested information. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive certain communications from us, please follow the instructions provided in any of the communications or, once logged in, click “My Account” and select the appropriate options in the “User Profile” section of the website (see “Changing or Deleting Information” below). BillShrink does not share, sell, rent, or trade your Personal Information with third parties for promotional purposes.

**Product Usage Information**

• When you access and use the Services, we will request and collect information about your use of the products and/or services about which you are requesting information, recommendations or comparisons (your “ **Product Usage Information** ”). Product Usage Information includes such information as your product preferences, usage patterns, anticipated usage, recent purchases, spending patterns, how long you use such products and services, your activities related to such products and the geographic location in which you live and/or use such products. You may elect to give us access to personally identifiable information by providing us with your product account information so that we can provide you with a more detailed and personalized product recommendation. By accessing and using the Site, and in accordance with our Terms of Use (which includes acceptance of this Privacy Policy), you have given us your express consent to collect and use your Product Usage Information. 

• BillShrink uses Product Usage Information to offer you personalized recommendations. Product Usage Information permits us to recommend products and services that we believe will be of interest to you, personalize your viewing, select targeted advertisements or other promotions for you and offer you local content and advertising information. We may also use Product Usage Information for internal purposes, such as testing and quality assurance.

**Site Usage Information**

• When you visit the Site, we may collect information indirectly and automatically (through the use of cookies, as described below) about your Site activity, including the geographic location of the IP address you are using to access the internet, the type of browser used, platform type, referring/exit pages and date/time information, which specific areas of a website or webpage you use and for how long, websites you bookmark, search terms you use and referring/exit pages (“ **Site Usage Information** ”).

• BillShrink uses Site Usage Information for internal purposes such as to administer, improve and customize the Site, to help BillShrink understand and analyze how the Services are being used, to track aggregate usage, to provide technical administration, to increase the Site’s functionality and user-friendliness and to better tailor the Site to our visitors’ needs. For example, some information is collected so that when you visit the Site again, it will recognize you and serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. 

**Aggregate Usage Information**

• BillShrink will aggregate Product Usage Information and/or Site Usage Information (“ **Aggregate Usage Information** ”). BillShrink uses Aggregate Usage Information to understand what our customers want, for editorial, feedback, marketing and promotion purposes, for statistical analysis, product development and content improvement and to create aggregate reports of how users are using the Services. We may combine your Personal Information, Product Usage Information and/or Site Usage Information and aggregate it with information collected from other users to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Services and to analyze and understand your usage. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions. 

**Cookies**  
Like many websites, we use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site or use of certain Services. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Services, to better understand how you interact with the Services and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing with the Services. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and close your computer browser. Third party advertisers on the Site or linked through the Services may also place or read cookies on your computer’s browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all (or any) functionality of the Services.

**Phishing**  
Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to BillShrink. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your account ID, login password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website.

**Information Sharing and Disclosure**  
We do not share Personal Information, Site Usage Information, Product Usage Information and/or Aggregate Usage Information with third parties except as follows:

• **Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information.** We may share Aggregate Usage Information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Product Usage Information and/or Site Usage Information with third parties (including suppliers, advertisers, research companies and other organizations) for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information. 

• **Service Providers.** We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services, to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform tasks, (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Services) or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. We may also provide Personal Information to our business partners or other trusted entities for the purpose of providing you with information on goods or services we believe will be of interest to you. You can, at any time, opt out of receiving such communications.

• **Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.** BillShrink cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of BillShrink or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. 

• **Business Transfers.** BillShrink may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. BillShrink will notify you before transferring your information to a new entity as part of a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of some or all of its assets if the new entity’s processing of your information will materially differ from that set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

**Changing or Deleting Your Information**  
All subscribers may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by changing the applicable information in your account settings in the “User Profile” section. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we do not have any legal obligation to retain the record. From time to time, we may contact you be mail, email, telephone or SMS to tell you about additional products or services that we or third parties may offer. If you do not wish to receive such calls or promotional materials, please contact us and we will attempt to accommodate your request.

**Security**  
BillShrink is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

**International Transfers**  
Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, BillShrink transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

**Links to Other Sites**  
Our Site contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by “clicking on” a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that the Site permits you to link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit. 

**Our Policy Towards Children**  
The Services are not directed to persons under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us via the contact details listed below. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files. 

**Community Features**  
If you use a bulletin board, blog, or other community feature on this Web site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.

**TRUSTe Statement**  
BillShrink is a licensee of the TRUSTe Web Privacy Seal Program. TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to build user’s trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. This privacy statement covers the Web site located at http://www.billshrink.com. Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us as specified in the “Contacting Us” section of this statement. If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact TRUSTe at http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php; TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns.

**Modification of Terms**  
We reserve the right to modify the Privacy Policy at any time. If we do this, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date those terms will be effective. We will attempt to give you advance notice of any substantive changes, but reserve the right to make such modifications immediately if required. It is your responsibility to check to determine if there have been changes to the Privacy Policy and to review such changes. 

**Contacting Us**  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@billshrink.com or at Privacy Matters, BillShrink, Inc., 400 Seaport Court, Suite 200, Redwood City, CA 94063.
