> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the billoreilly.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141213111356id_/http%3A//www.billoreilly.com/pg/jsp/help/general/privacypolicy.jsp%3Ffooter%3Dtrue) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BillOReilly.com: Privacy Policy

BillOReilly.com has created this Policy in order to clearly communicate our commitment to your privacy. This Policy is applicable to this BillOReilly.com website and any other website or online communications facilities owned or operated by BillOReilly.com. BillOReilly.com reserves the right to change this Policy at any time. Using our web site demonstrates your consent to BillOReilly.com's collection and use of information pursuant to this Policy, and continued use of this site following the posting of changes to this Policy will signify your acceptance of such changes. This Policy governs the use of your name, e-mail address, payment information, and similar personal information that you may provide BillOReilly.com in the course of using our website, products or services. 

**BillOReilly.com Collects Personal Information.** We collect personal information in order to provide certain products and services to its customers. For example, if you: 

  * Place a product order, BillOReilly.com will collect and use your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card information;
  * Request promotional items, BillOReilly.com will collect and use your name and address, or e-mail address;
  * Post information on any of our interactive areas, BillOReilly.com will collect information from you in order to e-mail you major updates about Bill O'Reilly, the products and services;
  * Sign-up for the Bill O'Reilly mailing list, BillOReilly.com will collect information from you in order to facilitate the publishing of that mailing list; and
  * Send our link to friends through our website, BillOReilly.com will collect the information from you in order to facilitate the transmission of the e-mail.

Information that you submit about yourself may be used by BillOReilly.com to provide you requested services, communicate with you about BillOReilly.com products, improve your online experience, or support our continuing efforts to offer you the information and services you want most. Currently, we do not share your specific information with non-affiliated companies or organizations outside of BillOReilly.com without your permission. We reserve the right to do so in the future, however. BillOReilly.com does provide aggregate statistics and information about our sales, traffic patterns and related site information to third parties. We also reserve the right to share aggregate statistical data of which your personal information is a part, as well as your specific personal information sometime in the future. You are responsible for checking this Policy periodically to monitor any changes to our data sharing practices. 

BillOReilly.com uses remarketing with Google Adwords and analytics to display content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited our site when those visitors go to other websites that have the Google Display Network implemented.

In addition, BillOReilly.com may, and you hereby authorize us to, disclose your personal information when required to do so by law, when BillOReilly.com, in its sole discretion believes that you are in violation of our Terms of Service Agreement, or when you violate any state or federal laws, or BillOReilly.com in its sole discretion deems it necessary or appropriate to protect the personal safety of other users of BillOReilly.com services or to protect the rights or property of BillOReilly.com or Bill O'Reilly. 

**BillOReilly.com's E-mail Announcements and Newsletters.** BillOReilly.com uses e-mail to send announcements regarding new products, services, and/or promotions, and informational newsletters. Announcements via email are on an opt-in basis only. By posting material on any of our interactive areas, you are opting in to receiving these e-mail announcements. You can choose to unsubscribe to BillOReilly.com e-mail at any time by sending an email to unsubscribe@BillOReilly.com. BillOReilly.com will also send replies to customer e-mail via e-mail. Finally, if you have sent a request to BillOReilly.com about which we need to communicate with you, we may do so by e-mail. 

**Security is a Top Concern.** Although BillOReilly.com carefully selects its third party service providers, advertisers and other affiliates, is sensitive to the privacy and security of your personal information, and intends to safeguard such information, BillOReilly.com and any such third parties cannot guarantee absolute security for such information. Such information may be transmitted through or using the Internet, other public telecommunications networks, servers, hardware and software ("systems") that are not owned, operated, or controlled by BillOReilly.com, and BillOReilly.com makes no assurances that such information will remain private when transmitted by BillOReilly.com through such systems. Although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications are impenetrable to hackers. 

**BillOReilly.com Uses Cookies.** BillOReilly.com collects certain information about how website visitors and users use the BillOReilly.com website by using technology called "cookies", which are bits of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies can enhance your online experience by automatically saving your preferences. We use cookies because they help us to provide you a better online experience. The information we collect through the use of cookies does allow BillOReilly.com to know when and for how long you logged on to the BillOReilly.com website, so that we can try to understand how to better serve your needs. If you object to the use of cookies for any reason, you may set your Internet browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it. If, however, you decline to receive cookies, you may have difficulty in using certain features of this site. 

**BillOReilly.com's Interactive Areas.** BillOReilly.com is not Liable for Information Posted in Interactive Areas. BillOReilly.com provides interactive areas such as discussion forums to enhance the user experience and build a healthy community around our website's products and services. You acknowledge that should you participate in such interactive areas, the information you voluntarily post about yourself and third parties in such areas might be accessed, collected and used by third parties outside of BillOReilly.com. DO NOT POST ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION SUCH AS YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS IN OUR PUBLIC AREAS. In addition, you may not post any defamatory, obscene, slanderous, or otherwise illegal material, or any material which infringes any third-party copyrights or other intellectual property rights on any interactive areas. Violators will be subject to termination of accounts and possible legal action. Although BillOReilly.com employs advanced security technology, it cannot guarantee complete security in personal websites or password-protected areas, and BillOReilly.com will not be held liable for any user's or other visitor's disclosure of personal information on BillOReilly.com or any other website operated by BillOReilly.com. 

**Minors.** BillOReilly.com and its services are not directed to minors. We actively seek to dissuade registration from persons under 18 and do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from them. If you are under 18 years of age, you should not be using our service. 

**Disputes.** BillOReilly.com Privacy Policy disputes are handled by its customer service team with the highest concern for your privacy. 

**BillOReilly.com Links.** BillOReilly.com may contain links to websites not owned or controlled by BillOReilly.com. BillOReilly.com is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any such sites. For other Terms of Service applicable to this site, please review the Terms of Service Agreement by [clicking here](https://web.archive.org/pg/jsp/help/general/termsconditions.jsp). 

**A Special Note about Children.** Children are not eligible to use our services and BillOReilly.com asks that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal information to BillOReilly.com. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. 

This site is owned and operated by BillOReilly.com, c/o National Fulfillment Services, 105 S Commerce Drive, Aston, PA 19014. For further information about Bill O'Reilly, BillOReilly.com or the BillOReilly.com website, please visit the "Contact Us" section of the Site, or click [here](https://web.archive.org/contactus). You may have this same information sent to you by e-mail by sending a letter to [legal@BillOReilly.com](mailto:legal@BillOReilly.com) with your e-mail address and a request for this information. 
