> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the birchstreetsystems.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-02-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160223024825id_/http%3A//www.birchstreet.net/%3Fpage_id%3D2752) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | BirchStreet Systems

**BirchStreet Privacy Policy**

**Data Privacy at BirchStreet.**   BirchStreet has established a comprehensive privacy program which is designed to help us respect your data and data privacy rights.  This Privacy Policy includes both BirchStreet’s European Union – U.S. Safe Harbor Privacy Statement as well as the BirchStreet Privacy Statement.

**E.U. – U.S. Safe Harbor Privacy Statement.**   For personal information of employees, consumers, healthcare professionals, medical research subjects and investigators, customers, investors, and government officials that BirchStreet receives from the European Economic Area, BirchStreet has committed to handling such personal information with the Safe Harbor Principles.  BirchStreet’s Safe Harbor certification can be found at <https://safeharbor.export.gov/list.aspx>.  For more information about the Safe Harbor Principles, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce website at <http://export.gov/safeharbor/>.

**BirchStreet Website and Services Privacy Statement.**  BirchStreet respects the privacy of visitors to the BirchStreet website and users of the BirchStreet System.  This Website and Services Privacy Statement applies only to the operations of websites that directly link to this Policy when you click on “privacy policy” on a BirchStreet operated website or product.

**Information Collected by BirchStreet.**   BirchStreet collects certain information from our customers using BirchStreet services and prospective customers who may utilize the BirchStreet website.  The information that we gather assists BirchStreet in personalizing BirchStreet products, contacting customers and prospective customers, and improving the BirchStreet experience and relationship with our users.  BirchStreet may collect information that is considered personally identifiable in certain jurisdictions.  BirchStreet may collect information that you disclose in requesting a demonstration of services or similar contact request through the BirchStreet website, as well as the information collected to use the BirchStreet Application.  BirchStreet may also receive information about you from other sources including trade organizations and contact directories provided to BirchStreet.  This includes, but is not limited to your name, contact information such as telephone and facsimile, email address, employer and their contact information, and job title.

**Data Integrity.   **BirchStreet will only collect information from you that is relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used, and will not process personal information in a way that is incompatible with such purposes for which it has been collected or authorized to be used by you.

**Notice.** When we collect your personal information, we’ll give you timely and appropriate notice describing what personal information we’re collecting, how we’ll use it, and the types of third parties with whom we may share it.  BirchStreet shall inform an individual for the purpose for which it collects and uses the Personal Information and the types of non-agent third parties to which BirchStreet discloses or may disclose that Information.  BirchStreet shall provide the individual with the choice and means for limiting the use and disclose of their personal information.  Notice will be provided in clear and conspicuous language when individuals are first asked to provide Personal Information to BirchStreet, or as soon as practicable thereafter, and in any event before BirchStreet uses or discloses the information for a purpose other than for which it was originally collected.

**Choice.   **We’ll give you choices about the ways we use and share your personal information, and we’ll respect the choices you make.  BirchStreet will allow individuals the opportunity to choose (opt out) whether their Personal Information is (1) disclosed to a third party or (2) to be used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual.  **A visitor to the BirchStreet website or a user of the BirchStreet System may choose to not provide certain information; however this may limit or restrict the user or visitor’s ability to use the BirchStreet System and ability to take advantage of many BirchStreet features.**

**Relevance.** BirchStreet will only collect as much Personal Information as we need for the specific, identified purposes and uses of the System, and BirchStreet will not use it for any other purposes without obtaining your prior consent.

**Retention.** BirchStreet will only keep your personal information for as long as it is needed for the purposes which the information was collected for, or as permitted by law.

**Accuracy.** BirchStreet will take appropriate steps to make sure the personal information in our records is accurate.  BirchStreet shall allow an individual access to their Personal Information and allow the individual to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate information, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the privacy of the individual in the case in question or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated.

**Access.   **BirchStreet will provide you with access to your personal information and account (where permitted) for the limited purposes of viewing, editing inaccuracies, and updating the information.

**Security.** BirchStreet will take the appropriate physical, technical, and organizational measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, and destruction.

**Sharing.** Except as described in this policy or as needed for the purposes for which the information was collected, BirchStreet will not share your personal information with third parties without your prior consent.

**International Transfer.** If we transfer your personal information to another country, we’ll take appropriate measures to protect your privacy and the personal information we transfer.

**Third Party (Onward) Transfer.**  The BirchStreet services include facilitating the transmission of your purchase orders to suppliers, and in this case your personal information may be transferred to those third parties as required to fulfill the purposes of a business arrangement or agreement by and between yourself and BirchStreet.  With regard to suppliers, you will have the choice to use the BirchStreet System to transmit your personal information, and BirchStreet will not share that information without your involvement and submission of a purchase order through our system.  In addition to any third party that the BirchStreet System may transfer your information too, BirchStreet may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.  These third parties may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for any other purpose.  Third parties to whom your information is transferred shall not have any right to contact you for any purpose other than those contemplated by any business arrangement or agreement between yourself and BirchStreet, and BirchStreet will take all appropriate measures to protect your privacy and the personal information that may be transferred.  BirchStreet will ensure that we have written agreements with any third party that provides at least the same level of privacy protection as provided for in this Privacy Policy.

**Joint Offerings and Partnerships.   **BirchStreet from time to time may offer our customers services that we are partnering with another company to provide.  In this situations, we will take all steps to ensure that your information is protected as if the offering was a sole venture by BirchStreet.

**Third Party Website Disclaimer.   **This privacy policy only applies to BirchStreet’s website. BirchStreet may link to third party websites, but makes no guarantees as to the privacy, functionality or accuracy of any third party website. BirchStreet encourages users to review the privacy policy of any website they visit.

**Do Not Track.   **Certain web browsers may give the user the ability to utilize a “do not track” setting that communicates with websites the user visits. BirchStreet does not currently respond to “do not track” signals, but this privacy policy will be amended if BirchStreet chooses to do so in the future.

**Collection by Other Parties**.  BirchStreet collects personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable user information from its website as described in this privacy policy. No other parties collect information when users access BirchStreet’s website. However, BirchStreet cannot make guarantees as to the collection policies of third party websites. Users should be aware that BirchStreet utilizes third party websites to facilitate its Procure-to-Pay application. Therefore, BirchStreet cannot make any guarantees as to the collection policies of the third parties that facilitate the servicing of those jobs. Users are encouraged to review the privacy policies of those third party websites before providing any personal information.

**Enforcement.** BirchStreet will regularly review how we are meeting these privacy promises, and will provide an independent way to resolve complaints about our privacy practices.  To access your personal information, ask questions about our privacy practices, or issue a complaint, contact us at: [Privacy@BirchStreetSystems.com](mailto:Privacy@BirchStreetSystems.com).

BirchStreet has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint by BirchStreet, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by BirchStreet, please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR website at http://www.bbb.org/council/eusafeharbor/bbb-eu-safe-harbor-dispute-resolution-program for more information and to file a complaint.

**Age Requirements and Usage.**   BirchStreet is not intended to be used by children and is a professional business solution.  If you are under the age of 18, please do not use the BirchStreet System or disclose any personal information without involvement, supervision, and permission of a parent or guardian.

**Consent.   **By using this website, the user consents to BirchStreet’s collection, storage and use of information in accordance with this privacy policy.

**Safe Harbor.   **BirchStreet abides by the U.S Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. BirchStreet certifies that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.

In compliance with the US-EU Safe Harbor Principles, BirchStreet commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.  European Union citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact BirchStreet at [Privacy@birchstreetsystems.com](mailto:Privacy@birchstreetsystems.com).

To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view BirchStreet’s certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor>.
