> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the birthdayexpress.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20001207021700id_/http%3A//birthdayexpress.com/bexpress/info/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Birthday Express Privacy Policy

Birthday Express.com is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. This statement discloses the privacy practices for the Birthday Express.com Web site. When you visit a Web site displaying the TRUSTe trustmark, you can expect to be notified of what personally identifiable information of yours is collected; what organization is collecting the information; how the information is used; with whom the information may be shared; what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information; what kind of [security](https://web.archive.org/web/20001207021700id_/http%3A//birthdayexpress.com/bexpress/info/secure.asp) procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under the company's control; and how you can correct inaccuracies in the information.

Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the Birthday Express.com Customer Service department by sending an e-mail to [customerservice@birthdayexpress.com](mailto:customerservice@birthdayexpress.com). If the Web site has not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please [contact TRUSTe](http://www.truste.org/users/watchdog.html).

Birthday Express.com is very concerned about the protection of online privacy for all our Web site visitors. Although we track the total number of visitors to our site in an aggregate form to allow us to update and improve our site, personally identifiable information is not extracted in this process. Additionally, customers may use our "Tell A Friend" feature to forward an e-mail to their friends telling them about Birthday Express.com, however, we do not retain e-mail addresses in this process.

Our Web site uses Microsoft Site Server technology which allows IP Addresses to be collected and used for administrative purposes, and to analyze traffic patterns for this site. However, no single individual is identified in the analysis of Web traffic. This technology also includes the use of cookies which benefit visitors by saving their information so they don't have to retype it on subsequent visits to our site. Cookies may be disabled by the user, however, the user would not be able to order products from our site because our shopping cart functionality requires the use of cookies to operate.

We make it our top priority to safeguard the privacy of our online customers, and we take great care in making sure that your personal identifiable information is secure. We limit access to personally identifiable information to a very small number of employees who are committed to our privacy and security policies, and who need access to the information in order to perform their jobs. We review our Web security, and our security policy and practices, with employees on a monthly basis. And all employees are required to sign a nondisclosure agreement. Any employee who violates our privacy and/or security policies is subject to immediate disciplinary action.

Birthday Express.com collects only personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, e-mail addresses, and the like, when voluntarily submitted by visitors. We do ask parents/guardians to provide children’s birth month and year information so that we may send a Birthday Express.com catalog at the appropriate time so they may place an order with our company.

We also collect payment information in order to bill shoppers for items they ordered. To complete business transactions, credit card numbers are verified by a qualified financial institution using secure encryption technology before an order is shipped.

In some instances, when an e-mail address has been provided by the visitor, and the visitor is 18 or older, we will send notices to the visitor, usually in the form of e-mail. These periodic notices will announce the status of an order, Web site changes, special promotions and other similar updates. Information submitted by visitors who sign up for our Birthday Club is collected in a separate area of our site than information submitted by customers who are placing product orders.

If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please [click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20001207021700id_/http%3A//birthdayexpress.com/bexpress/info/unsubscribe.asp) and we will remove you from our mailing list. If you have placed an order with our company, you may also receive mailings from other reputable companies whose products we think you might find interesting. However, if you would like to have your name put on our do-not-share list, please [click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20001207021700id_/http%3A//birthdayexpress.com/bexpress/info/unsubscribe.asp) and we will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other carefully selected organizations.

We collect e-mail addresses of individuals who communicate with us via e-mail, and when such information is volunteered by the consumer, such as when ordering products from our company. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web site and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, and when confirming orders. We do not share e-mail addresses with third parties. However, as stated above, we may share the names and postal address of customers who have voluntarily provided the information to us.

If you do not wish to receive marketing-related e-mail from us, you may opt-out by [clicking here](https://web.archive.org/web/20001207021700id_/http%3A//birthdayexpress.com/bexpress/info/unsubscribe.asp) and we will quickly honor your request. You may also opt-out by postal mail by sending your request to Birthday Express.com, 11220 120th Avenue NE, Kirkland, WA 98033, or by phoning our Customer Service department at 1-800-424-7843.

If you would like to make changes to the personally identifiable information you previously submitted to us, (e.g. your name or address), you may send an e-mail with the revised information to [customerservice@birthdayexpress.com](mailto:customerservice@birthdayexpress.com), or call our Customer Service department at 1-800-424-7843.

Periodically, Birthday Express.com will send online newsletters, Birthday Expressions and Celebrate Expressions, to individuals via e-mail. These newsletters contain seasonal, birthday and special occasion party ideas and special promotions. Each newsletter also includes an opt-out feature so you can stop receiving the newsletter at any time.

Persons who supply us with their telephone number(s) online may receive a telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online. When providing your telephone number, please provide both the area code and phone number. Your phone number will not be shared with anyone.

Parents and guardians: We want to help you guard your children's privacy. Birthday Express.com does not collect any personal information on those sections of the site that may be considered designed for the use of children under the age of 13. We encourage you to talk to your children about safe and responsible use of their personal information while using the Internet.

We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by notifying guests of the existence of a new privacy policy. If we change the way we use personally identifiable information, we will notify you via e-mail within 30 days and wait for your consent before taking further action regarding your personally identifiable information.
