> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ams.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180514041222id_/https%3A//ams.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - AMS

## Privacy policy

## Privacy policy

ams values your right to privacy highly. The information you entrust to us will be treated responsibly and consistent with the uses we define when we ask for to it and those which you consent.

### Personal Information

You remain anonymous when you visit our website and request information. For some services we will ask for additional information or require you to be registered. The key tenets of our information policy include the following:  
The submission forms will clearly indicate which information is required and which is optional.  
When you register, you may choose to accept or decline subscriptions to newsletters or other special offers. Each message from ams will have complete information on how to unsubscribe to that service.  
We will provide you with the capability to modify or unsubscribe or delete your information from our database.

### Protection

We will take the necessary steps to protect your data.  
Sensitive information, such as credit card information, is transmitted to us through Security Socket Layer (SSL) technology.

We will also take steps to secure your information while in storage at ams.  
We will not share your information with anyone outside ams or with a third party with the exception of our business partners with whom we need to cooperate in order to have specific services delivered to you. These services could include, among others, customer support and shipping of a requested or purchased item.

### Cookies

ams websites may use cookies in certain situations:  
If you are not a registered user, cookies may be assigned to provide to us information concerning the interest in our visitors in specific areas. This information allows us to optimize our offers by better understanding navigation paths, sequences of information gathering, etc. These cookies do not track assignable information and any information gathered is not retained.  
For registered users, cookies may be used to gather information to recognize you during your next visit, to provide relevant information based upon previous visits and to provide easy access into certain areas of our website.

Cookies assigned during visits to ams websites can only be read by us. Cookies can be disabled in your browser and, if you choose to disable cookies, you will still be able to access most of our services.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
