> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mytruspot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110526022342id_/http%3A//www.mytruspot.com/index.php%3Ft%3Dprivacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Tru Spot! - Listen to free music by Africans with internet radio and the largest African music catalogue online -

Tru Spot! values your privacy and protect the information we receive from you, accordingly we have set out this policy that states clearly how we use and store personal information. We treat both privacy and security as a priority and make every effort to ensure that all the information provided by you is protected.   
Although we endeavour to keep you up-to-date on all changes made to the website, this Policy may be amended from time to time without notice to you. It is your responsibility to read the Policy carefully and review any changes that may have been made. 

IMPORTANT: By disclosing any information to Tru Spot! through the website you consent to the collection, storage and use of such information by Tru Spot! as set out in this Policy and the Terms and Conditions. If Tru Spot! makes any changes to this Policy, these changes will be detailed on this page in order to ensure that you are fully aware of what information is collected, how it is used and under what circumstances it will be disclosed. If you are concerned about how your information is collected, used or disclosed, you should periodically check back at this page. If you have any specific concerns not addressed in the Policy, please contact us using the contact page on the website. 

**1\. PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE BY TRU SPOT!**  
Tru Spot! collects User submitted personal information such as name, mailing address, email address, telephone number and age to authenticate Users, and to send notifications to those Users relating to, without limitation, the Tru Spot! service, special events, contests and special offers. 

As is standard practice on many corporate websites, Tru Spot! also logs non-personally-identifiable information including IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, and browser type, from Listeners / Members and other visitors to the site. This data is used to improve the website services, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Tru Spot! will not use the information collected to market directly to that person. This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to Listeners. User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes.

In addition Tru Spot! uses counter tags and tiny graphic images - to tell us what parts of our website have been visited or to measure the effectiveness of searches customers perform on our site. Data we collect also enable us to send email messages in a format that customers can read. And they tell us whether emails have been opened to assure that we're only sending messages that are of interest to our customers. Tru Spot! stores all of this information in a secure database.

Listener Profile information including Listeners pictures and Real names are displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in the Tru Spot! social networking community. Artists full names are never directly revealed to other Listeners except the artist opts in to reveal it.

Tru Spot! may also use a Listener's email address to send updates, a newsletter or news regarding the service. Tru Spot! may send email messages which use a "click-through URL" linked to content on the Tru Spot! website. When a customer clicks one of these URLs, they pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. Tru Spot! tracks this click-through data to help determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked simply avoid clicking text or graphic links in the email.

From time to time, Tru Spot! or a partner may sponsor a promotion, sweepstake or contest on Tru Spot!. Listeners may be asked to provide personal information including name, email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate. Tru Spot! may transfer personal information to certain ad partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from. It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply. 

Tru Spot! may also collect information for market research purposes to gain a better understanding of our customers and thus provide more valuable service. Tru Spot! also collects information regarding customer activities on our website, and on related websites. This helps us to determine how best to provide useful information to customers and to understand which parts of our websites and Internet services are of most interest to them. 

**2\. SITE SECURITY**  
Tru Spot! Member, Artist and organization accounts are secured by user created passwords. Tru Spot! takes precautions to insure that account information is kept private. Tru Spot! uses reasonable measures such as encryption to protect private information that is stored within our database against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, and we restrict access to such private information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our Public relations, customer service personnel and technical staff. Please note that Tru Spot! cannot guarantee 100% security of user accounts information yet. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time. Users are urged to also take precautions to protect their personal data by changing passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and using a secure web browser. 

**3\. DATA / RECORD COLLECTION**  
From the moment you create your profile and begin listening to music on Tru Spot!, our Profile Navigation software will begin to create and maintain your record collection. This is accomplished by monitoring your activity on the website (i.e. which songs you listen to, which songs you skip, and the degree of difference or similarity you request when you choose to skip a particular song). In addition, your record collection will be affected by other actions you take on the website, such as sending a song recommendation to another user or manually selecting certain songs, albums or artists to be included in your record collection. All of the information that is generated by your activity on the website is fed back into Profile Navigation in order to fine tune your profile so that Tru Spot! can play more of what you like and less of what you don't like.   
Tru Spot! does not process any personally identifiable information related to your record collection and/or profile in any manner other than as described in the preceding paragraph. We do not, for example, provide third parties with your name, location (if we know it), the contents of your record collection and a historical record of your song skipping activity. However, please note that your data / record collection (including your views and skipping history) may be viewed by all other users of Tru Spot! (who may include other organisations or representatives of other organisations who have registered as Tru Spot! users) and that they may easily associate this information with your Tru Spot! username. 

**4\. PROFILES / MESSAGE BOARDS / CHAT / COMMUNICATIONS WITH OTHER USERS**  
Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to Chat Rooms, Profiles, Message Boards or any other Public Forum, that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications. Tru Spot! is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit on Tru Spot!. Please think before you post any personal information online. We may monitor such traffic via electronic software or otherwise in order to check for obscenity, defamation or abusive language, which we reserve the right to remove at any time. In addition, if you choose to personally communicate or meet with any other Tru Spot! user by exchanging postal/email addresses, telephone numbers or otherwise via the interactive functionality of Tru Spot!, you do so at your own risk. Tru Spot! cannot be held responsible for any consequences which flow from your decision to communicate or interact with other Tru Spot! users in places or under circumstances which we do not control. We advise you to use extreme caution whenever you socialise or interact with people whom you have met via the internet. 

**5\. THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING**  
Tru Spot! or one of our web-advertising partners may deliver ads appearing on Tru Spot! to Users. Our web-advertising partners may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy statement covers only the use of cookies by Tru Spot! and does not cover the use of cookies by any third party advertisers.

**5\. USE OF COOKIES**  
Tru Spot! uses cookies to store visitors' preferences and to record session information, for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements, to customize newsletter, advertising, and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information, to help track usage to help us understand which parts of our website are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. To make usage of our website even more rewarding as well as to study the effectiveness of our customer communications and to customize each visitor's experience and provide greater convenience. Tru Spot! does not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set -- each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences -- however, you must enable cookies from Tru Spot! in order to use most functions on the site. Please note that Tru Spot! allows third party advertisers that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Advertisers' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not the Tru Spot! Privacy Policy.

**6\. DATA ACCESS & CORRECTIONS**  
Upon receipt of your written request which should be addressed to The Data Protection Officer, we will disclose to you your personal data held by us, we shall correct or delete inaccurate details. Changes to certain parts of your account information can also be made by accessing "Login" and checking "Update your details". We regularly delete data which is no longer required. Tru Spot! Members may modify or remove any of the personal information contained in their Profile at any time by logging into their account and accessing features such as Modify Profile . 

**7\. TRU SPOT! POLICY FOR YOUNG PEOPLE**  
We realise and understand that many young people love music and will therefore visit Tru Spot!, however we encourage all persons under 12 to consult with their parents before submitting any information to Tru Spot! and indeed any other website. Having said this, we believe that ultimately it is the responsibility of parents to supervise children when online and we therefore recommend that parental control tools be put in place. 

**8\. GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTES**  
This policy and consent forms part of our website terms of use and as such it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. You irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to resolve any dispute or claim of whatever nature arising out of or relating to this policy and consent or otherwise to the use of your personal data, and that the laws of England and Wales shall govern such dispute or claim. However, we retain the right to bring legal proceedings in any jurisdiction where we believe that infringement of our intellectual property rights or breach of those terms is taking place or originating. You are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdiction from which you are accessing this website. We operate this website from England and make no representation or warranty that the information contained herein is appropriate or available for use in other locations outside England and Wales.

**9\. DISCLAIMER**  
We believe in privacy and therefore will take all reasonable measures to ensure that your personally identifiable information remains private. However, in the event that we are forced to disclose personally identifiable information by law (i.e. by court order), we will make such a disclosure without being in violation of this Policy. 

**10\. EMAIL CHOICE / OPT OUT**  
If you have registered with this website and do not wish to receive promotional or relevant information then please "Login", and "Update your details" to opt out.

If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, please send your feedback using the contact system in the main window.
