> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the h2owirelessnow.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131216021713id_/https%3A//www.h2owirelessnow.com/pageControl.php%3Fpage%3DPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hello, H2O Wireless!!

**Collection of Personal Information**  
Personal information is information that identifies or is associated with a specific person, such as a name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, or information about activities directly linked to that person. We collect a variety of personal information about our customers. There are several ways in which H2O Wireless collects personal and other information about you. You should refer to the rest of this Policy to see how we use, disclose, and protect that information.

_**Information You Provide:**_ We collect information you give us when you purchase a H2O Wireless phone or device, or when you use H2O Wireless services. For example, you may provide us a billing address and credit information, including your social security number, when signing up for service or perhaps purchasing a product through our SHOP, online store.  
The information you provide us during a visit to h2owirelessnow.com helps us to improve the quality and utility of our site. It generally falls into two categories: (1) information you supply when you purchase phones, accessories or other goods, activate H2O Wireless service, enter contests or sweepstakes, register a H2O Wireless account, or sign up for a product or service jointly offered by H2O Wireless and another company, and (2) tracking information gathered as you navigate through the h2owirelessnow.com site. Third-party providers, whose sites are featured on and accessed via our site, may gather information as well.  
When you purchase H2O Wireless phones, accessories, or services, we request the following types of information on our order form:  
Name  
Shipping and/or billing address  
Credit card number or account number  
Credit card security code  
Credit card expiration  
Phone number   
Mobile Phone number  
Email address  
We need this information to process your order. If we have trouble processing your order, the contact information you provide is used to get in touch with you. We also use this contact information to provide you with updates regarding your current phone or service and to provide you with information about H2O Wireless promotions and special offers.

_**Automatically Collected Information:**_ We automatically receive certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, when you visit a H2O Wireless site, our systems automatically collect your IP address and the type of browser you use. Similarly, all wireless communications systems know when your phone is turned on and approximately where the device is physically located; that's how calls or messages are delivered to you in real time.  
Information from Other Sources: We may obtain information about you from outside sources and add it to or combine it with your account information. For example, we often receive information from the retailer from whom you purchased your H2O Wireless phone or device prior to initiating service with us. We also may use commercially available demographic and marketing information from third parties to help us better serve you or inform you about products or services that we think will be of interest to you. 

**Use of Personal Information**  
We use personal information for billing purposes, to provide services or complete transactions you have requested, to anticipate and resolve problems with your services, and tell you about products or services from H2O Wireless or others that better meet your needs. More specifically, H2O Wireless may use e-mail, direct mail, and with your prior permission, wireless text messages, to inform you about products or services we think will interest you. In any and all of these communications you will have the option to unsubscribe or opt out of receiving these communications. If you choose not to receive marketing or promotional information from us, you will continue to customer service-related and technical notifications, and other similar information via email, wireless text messages, or direct mail. 

**Information Collected and Used by Third Parties**  
Our site includes links to other Websites, and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we don’t control. When you access another Web site from the H2O Wireless site, purchase products or services not sold by H2O Wireless, or conduct other transactions with third parties, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you’re visiting or the provider of such products or services. The provider’s privacy practices may differ from ours. If you can’t find the privacy policy of any of our provider partners via a link either from the site’s home page or from the pages on which the products or services are offered, you should contact the provider directly for more information.

For more information about circumstances under which H2O Wireless might disclose your personal information to third parties, please see below. 

**Email Addresses**  
If you provide your email address, from time to time we may send you emails about new products and services, or promotional offers that we believe will interest you. We may also share your email address with marketing partners and/or providers of other products and services that you have indicated an interest in by opting in to receive such communications. Though we hope you’ll find this information useful, if you do not wish to receive such email, please click on the "unsubscribe" link that we include in all of the emails we send. Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving commercial emails, we may still use your email address to answer any email inquiries you send us, to send messages about your account status, to alert you about technical issues, or to follow up on transactions or submissions of information that appear incomplete. 

**Information Disclosed to Third Parties**  
Information about our customers is one of our most important business assets, and therefore we strive to protect it and keep it confidential. We disclose personal information to third parties under the following circumstances:  
1) to complete a transaction you have requested, 2) to initiate, render, bill, and collect for services: For example, our payment solution providers process your credit card transactions on our behalf. They can only use the personal information we give them to produce the billing statement. 3) if it is necessary to comply with law (e.g., court orders, subpoenas, E911 information, etc.), 4) to enforce our subscriber agreements, 5) to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to our site, our customers, other carriers including our underlying carrier, the public or H2O Wireless, 6) to facilitate or verify the appropriate calculation of taxes, fees, or other obligations due to a local, state, or federal government. If we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications, or justifies disclosure of records, to a governmental entity without delay when we otherwise have your consent to do so:  
For example, at the time you initiate particular service offering, such as a location-based service, your consent may be part of the required terms and conditions to use that service. Sometimes your consent might be implied simply by the nature of your request, such as when you ask us to deliver an e-mail or short message to another person.  
You may also want to use services and products offered by third party providers in conjunction with our wireless service. In those cases, you will be providing information to those providers, and information those third parties receive about you will be governed by their privacy policies, not this Policy. For example, if you purchase something using our Wireless Web service, you will be disclosing personal information directly to the company facilitating the transaction. If you are roaming on the network of another carrier, information about your usage and the numbers you dial will be available to the carrier providing the service. And if you bought your wireless device from a third party retailer, both the retailer and H2O Wireless will have your personal information as a result of the transaction.  
H2O Wireless may offer the opportunity to participate in contests, giveaways, or other similar promotions we sponsor. Except as explained otherwise in the rules for a particular contest, giveaway, or promotion, any personal information you provide will be used in accordance with this Policy.  
Under federal law, you have a right, and we have a duty, to protect the confidentiality of information about your telephone usage, the services you buy from us, who you call, and the location of your device on our network when you make a voice call. This information is sometimes referred to as "Customer Proprietary Network Information," "CPNI," “Call Detail Record,” or “CDR.” We share CPNI, CDR and other personal information about you with H2O Wireless Affiliates, including Locus Telecommunications, Inc. Before sharing CPNI and/or CDR with, we will first notify you of your rights under the law, describe how we intend to use the CPNI and/or CDR, and give you an opportunity to opt out of such usage (or, when required by law, to opt in).  
As our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. If H2O Wireless, one of its business units, or substantially all of its assets are acquired by another company, information about our customers and other visitors to this site would be among the transferred assets. 

**Cookies**  
To help us tailor our site to the needs and interests of our visitors, we keep track of the pages visited by our users by placing a small entry in a text file, called a cookie, on your hard drive. The cookie contains an ID number that allows us to track the pages you’ve visited. We aggregate this data with data on the pages visited by other users to track overall visitor traffic patterns. We use this information to improve our site by making it more responsive to the needs of our users. The Help function on most browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely. However, if you don’t accept cookies, you won’t be able to take advantage of various features on our site that are available to other visitors.

**IP Addresses**  
Your IP address is a number used to identify your computer so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you. Your IP address does not tell us who you are. In addition to collecting your IP address, we also collect information on the operating system you’re running on your computer and the Web browser software you’re using to access our site so we can optimize our site for the most popular operating systems and Web browsers. And, because we like to know how you found our site, we keep track of where you came from. 

**Banner Ads on Other Sites**  
H2O Wireless may use third-party advertising companies to place banner advertisements about our products and services on other Web sites. To measure advertising effectiveness and to offer selective ad content, the advertising companies may use an anonymous identifier to learn more about your visits to H2O Wireless sites and other Web sites. This anonymous identifier is NOT your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, or any other information that personally identifies you. The use of such anonymous identifiers (such as cookies, Web beacons or "tagging") is subject to the advertising company's privacy policy, not this H2O Wireless Privacy Policy

**Security**  
The information we collect from our customers and visitors to our site is stored in databases we control. Physical access to the servers on which we store visitor information is restricted. We use your credit card information only to bill you for the products and services you order from us. We don’t share your credit card information with anyone, except as may be necessary to process your transactions. To protect the privacy of your credit card number and other ordering information, we encrypt this information for transit over the Internet using a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connection. However, as effective as modern security practices are, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet. Most Web browsers allow use of an SSL connection. If your browser does not support use of an SSL connection, or if you prefer not to send your credit card number over the Internet, you can place your order by calling us toll free at 1-800-643-4926. 

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**  
This privacy policy is subject to change. The Web is an evolving medium. If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future, we’ll post the new policy promptly. If at any point we decide to use your personal information in a manner different from what was stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you and give you an opportunity to opt out of the proposed use. By using h2owirelessnow.com, you agree that your visit to our site abides by the information contained in our Authorized Use Policy. California customers: H2O Wireless does not disclose customers' personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, as governed by California Civil Code 1798.83. 

**Questions or Concerns**  
If you have any questions about, or complaints that concern, this Online Privacy Policy please email us at [CustomerService@locus.net](mailto:CustomerService@locus.net). 
