> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hostmypost.net privacy policy that was archived on 2009-03-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090310023638id_/http%3A//hostmypost.net/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hostmypost.com

Hostmypost.net is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our websites, as well as our members and partners. Hostmypost.net has established this Privacy Policy to explain what information we collect through these websites and how it is used.

In this policy, "Hostmypost.net" refers to staff, board members, cooperating attorneys, interns, volunteers, and consultants of Hostmypost.net, all of whom are bound by law or contract to keep information they receive as part of their work for Hostmypost.net confidential. Hostmypost.net does not sell or rent personally identifiable member, customer or employee information under any circumstances, and we do not share information without prior consent except as compelled by law. (See discussion below.)

Information Gathered by Hostmypost.net Site For visitors to our website, we may, but generally do not, log standard technical information, such as the numerical Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site. Circumstances in which we temporarily log standard technical information include conducting site testing, diagnosis of technical problems, and defending against attacks on the site. We generally do log the date and time users access our site on an anonymous basis. For more information on Hostmypost.net's position on data logging, see the EFF's Best Practices for Online Service Providers. In order to access the member functionality of Hostmypost.net we use a persistent cookie. We may also use session cookies from time to time. Session cookies expire when you close your browser. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, and use Tor if you wish to keep your IP number and other technical information anonymous.

In addition, Hostmypost.net collects and retains information you submit to us. It is up to you whether to submit information to us, and how much information to provide. If you choose to become an Hostmypost.net member, we ask for your name, email address, city, state, postal or zip code, country of residence, and phone number, and we may invite you to select a password. For online donors and shoppers, we also ask for your credit card number or Paypal login information. We also maintain records of our members' use of the site and may use this data on an anonymous basis periodically. If you use some of the online financial services offered by Hostmypost.net, you are asked to provide personal information, such as a shipping address, necessary to complete your transaction. We may ask for additional personal information when you provide feedback or comments, or otherwise communicate with us.

From time to time, we may ask for personal information on other portions of the site, such as asking you to sign a petition, participate in a contest, or provide other user generated content to us. Hostmypost.net's Use of Information In general, Hostmypost.net uses the information provided by you to help connect Innkeepers and Guests. Hostmypost.net sees it as its mission to protect privacy, defend freedom, and protect your rights in the digital world. We are your friends. If you invite another person to join Hostmypost.net, we will ask for that person's name and online contact information. We use this information to contact and, if necessary, remind that person that he or she has been invited to join Hostmypost.net. If you provide information for publication, such as writing a review or submitting other editorial content, we will publicly credit you for this work. We may run surveys, contests, or similar activities through this site. Such information will be used for the purposes for which it was collected. We look at technical information to diagnose problems with our server and to administer the Hostmypost.net site.

Third-Party Service Providers Portions of the Hostmypost.net site may be operated by a third-party service provider ("Provider"). Provider may place cookies on your computer in order to store information, such as items placed in your shopping cart, or storing your account login when using the Affiliate Center. Provider logs standard technical information, such as the numerical Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site. Our Provider also stores and organizes the personal information collected through this site on our behalf. The information remains under our control, and our agreement with Provider requires the information to be kept confidential and disclosed only to Provider's employees who require such access in the course of their assigned duties. Provider has however, not agreed to cooperate with Hostmypost.net in seeking a protective order, if necessary, to protect this information from legal process. We will seek to accomplish this in all cases, but this cannot be guaranteed. Hostmypost.net may change providers from time to time, and will transfer stored information to the new provider subject to similar restrictions. Hostmypost.net's search engine functionality is currently operated in house. All search queries may be retained for analysis and will always be access on an anonymous basis. Hostmypost.net may however change the search engine provider from time to time.

From time to time, Hostmypost.net may work with third-party consultants or other service providers who may have access to personally identifiable information. In such cases, we will restrict their use of personally identifiable information in accordance with their assigned tasks and subject to the limitations of this privacy policy.

Hostmypost.net's site provides links to a wide variety of third-party websites. Hostmypost.net is not responsible for, and does not have any control over, the privacy practices or the content of such third parties. We encourage users to read the privacy policies of any website visited. Disclosure of Your Information While Hostmypost.net endeavors to provide the highest level of protection for your information, we may disclose personally identifiable information about you to third parties in limited circumstance, including: (1) with your consent; or (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, such as pursuant to a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order. If we are required by law to disclose the information that you have submitted, we will attempt to provide you with notice (unless we are prohibited) that a request for your information has been made in order to give you an opportunity to object to the disclosure. We will attempt to provide this notice by email, if you have given us an email address, or by postal mail if you have entered a postal address. If you do not challenge the disclosure request, we may be legally required to turn over your information. In addition, we will independently object to requests for access to information about users of our site that we believe to be improper.

Updating or Removing Your Information You may choose to correct, update, or delete the membership information you have submitted to us by sending an email requesting changes to webmaster@Hostmypost.net. Furthermore, if we inadvertently collect more personal information than intended, we endeavor to delete the extraneous information. However, please understand that deleted information may continue to persist on back-up media. Changes to Our Policies Hostmypost.net's Privacy Policy may change from time to time. However, any revised privacy policy will be consistent with Hostmypost.net's stance on privacy issues. If we make any substantive changes to our policies, we will place notice on Hostmypost.net and post notice of changes on this page. Security

Hostmypost.net employs industry standard security measures to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Information submitted through the online payment system processes is encrypted through a Secured Socket Layer (SSL) connections, which protects the information in transit. Although we make good faith efforts to store information collected by Hostmypost.net in a secure operating environment, we cannot guarantee complete security. Information collected by Hostmypost.net will be maintained for a length of time appropriate to our needs. However, we generally do not retain credit card information unless you choose to have us do so. Updated August 1st 2007

This Privacy Policy is based extensively on that of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a leading champion of public interests in issues affecting digital rights. Their privacy policy can viewed by going to http://www.eff.org/policy/
