> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hostasaurus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130519192745id_/http%3A//www.hostasaurus.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hostasaurus Web Hosting, Miva Merchant Hosting, Dedicated Miva Servers

|  |  |   
    
---  
  
> **Hostasaurus.Com Privacy Statement**
> 
> Hostasaurus.Com is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of visitors to our corporate web site as well our customers sites. 
> 
> For visitors, we've structured our web site so that, in general, you can visit us on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. 
> 
> For customers, once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with Hostasaurus.Com. 
> 
> **Visitors To Our Corporate Web Site**
> 
> What information do we collect?
>     
> 
> When you visit our web site, our web server collects basic user information about you that includes your computer's current address, the time you accessed our web site, and the files on our site that you retrieved. 
> 
> On some of our web pages, we may use cookies to add features not otherwise possible. Cookies are small pieces of information that a web site can store in a designated file on your computer. Cookies allow our web site, and pages on it, to respond to you as an individual. By gathering and remembering information about your preferences, the website can tailor its appearance or operation to your needs, likes, and dislikes. 
> 
> The Hostasaurus.Com web server does not collect your e-mail address or any other personal information such as what other pages on the Internet you have accessed or visited. 
> 
> How do we use this information?
>     
> 
> The basic information we do collect is used to help us analyze where our visitors come from and which pages on our site are accessed the most. Cookies may be used to facilitate your customer interaction with us. For example, if you log in to a password protected page on our site, a cookie may be set on your computer so you will not have to enter your password the next time you visit. When this does happen, you will always have a way of erasing that cookie if you do not want it set. 
> 
> We do not currently disclose any information that we collect to third parties. 
> 
> On some pages within our web site, there are links to sites not maintained or associated with us. If you click on those links to reach those sites, those companies will be able to see that you arrived from a Hostasaurus.Com web page.
> 
> **Hostasaurus.Com Customers**
> 
> What information do we collect and/or store?
>     
> 
> When you sign up for any of Hostasaurus.Com's services, you typically provide us with both contact and payment information. Contact information includes your name, address, phone number and any other information that is required to identify you for security or billing purposes. Payment information typically includes your credit card number and billing address. 
> 
> While you are a Hostasaurus.Com customer, we manage information with regard to your account status, choice of services and the relevant logs generated by those services. Additionally, we may store email and/or other types of communications for you.
> 
> How do we use this information?
>     
> 
> We use your contact information to service your account. We use your payment information exclusively for billing. We will maintain other information about you as it relates to your account; this other information can include account status, choice of services, and relevant log files generated by providing you with service. 
> 
> Subject to the exceptions listed in the next paragraph, Hostasaurus.Com does not, and will not, share any of this collected information with any third party. Hostasaurus.Com will contact you for your permission beforehand if we ever do decide to share any piece of information, no matter how small, with a third party. Hostasaurus.Com may use your information internally to provide you with system information or information about new or upgraded products. 
> 
> The only exceptions to our non-disclosure rules for your personal and account information are if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of Hostasaurus.Com, our customers, or others, or where Hostasaurus.Com has a good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure. 
> 
> Hostasaurus.Com also will not, except for reasons stated below, disclose to third parties the contents of any electronic mail or other electronic communications that Hostasaurus.Com stores or transmits for its customers. The circumstances under which Hostasaurus.Com will disclose such electronic customer communications are when: 
> 
>   1. It is necessary in order to provide service to the customer;
>   2. It is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of Hostasaurus.Com and its customers;
>   3. It is required to cooperate with interception orders, warrants, or other legal process that Hostasaurus.Com determines in its sole discretion to be valid and enforceable; and 
>   4. It is necessary to provide to a law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently obtained by Hostasaurus.Com and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime. 
> 

> 
> Hostasaurus.Com disclaims any intention to censor, edit, or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by customers or others. Hostasaurus.Com will, however, review, delete, or block access to communications that may harm Hostasaurus.Com, its customers or third parties. The grounds on which Hostasaurus.Com may take such action include, but are not limited to, actual or potential violations of Hostasaurus.Com's [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/web/20130519192745id_/http%3A//www.hostasaurus.com/tos.php). 
> 
> Customers may opt out of receiving newsletters and/or notices of new or upgraded products from Hostasaurus.Com by sending a request to [privacy@hostasaurus.com](mailto:privacy@hostasaurus.com). In this request, customers must identify their contact information. 
> 
> Please note, however, that Hostasaurus.Com reserves the right to send bulletins and other important information regarding our services at our discretion. 
