> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hostmaxsite.info privacy policy that was archived on 2010-10-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101023045053id_/http%3A//hostmaxsite.info/webpowerhosting7.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# host max site | hostmaxsite.info dedicated hosting web host sql server hosting jsp hosting php hosting dedicated server hosting java web hosting asp net hosting hosting uk mysql hosting unlimited web hosting hosting services web hosting review domino hosting servlet hosting cheap web host cheap domain hosting christian web hosting nt hosting exchange server hosting microsoft exchange hosting cgi hosting toronto web hosting canada hosting small business web hosting picture hosting colocation hosting company hosting adult hosting discount web hosting web site hosting microsoft hosting email hosting hosting php mysql adult host hosting companies front page web hosting streaming hosting web hosting uk personal web hosting web hosting australia jboss hosting web hosting india $1 hosting christian hosting uk web host web hosting services web hosting company hosting reviews best web hosting web hosting sites adult website hosting dedicated web hosting mac web hosting reseller web hosting web hosting domains hosting espa?a dotnet hosting web host comparison web hosting control panel lotus notes hosting webpage hosting how to web host cheap uk web hosting asp web hosting web host australia web server host apollo hosting web hosting affiliate mysql web host host a murder mystery hosting automation host name web host reseller server hosting uk oscommerce hosting web hosting reseller inexpensive hosting host unlimited domains canada web hosting plesk hosting mssql hosting san diego web hosting hosting portal hosting web hosting melbourne webpage host host hosting domain registration shell hosting dominios hosting shared hosting australian web hosting host multiple domains web host search mysql database hosting goedkope hosting linux virtual hosting hosting economico host jobs business web hosting web hosting plans web hosting internet host hosting no ads hosting melbourne canadian hosting windows 2000 host host web site affordable hosting dedicated host database hosting goedkoop hosting auction hosting web host provider web hosting directory hosting package servlet host host reviews photo host hosting net cpanel image hosting frontpage web hosting mysql web hosting affordable web hosting website design and hosting hosting search websites host mp3 host تصميم ميمصت hosting space generic host website hosting usb host file hosting generic host process virtual host affordable web site hosting video hosting chile hosting cost hosting server hosting cgi host host file music hosting hosting gratis remote host generic host process for win32 image host hosting php domain hosting web design and hosting the host photo hosting site hosting usb host controller web hosting ftp generic host process for win32 services script host local host host gratis host sk cheap web hosting enhanced host controller host family scripting host windows script host talk show host forum hosting reseller hosting hosting gratuito mp3 hosting windows scripting host tv host net hosting hosting sites استضافة hosting service usb universal host controller server host asp hosting cheap hosting radio host hosting asp web site hosting services تصاميم webhost ديكور hébergeur بيج البكرنت اختصر اختصار قوالب جاهزة للمواقع فرونت بيج عنوان موقعك اسم الموقع فلاش مجانيه مجانية استضافه مجاني حجز صفحات الاستضافة خدمات برنامج إستضافة مجانا تدعم دومين مساحة برامج المجانية الاستضافه استظافة يدعم برامج مجانية مجاناً جيران شرح مساحه لموقعك تحميل الصور مساحات الدومين الإستضافة نطاقات لتصميم المواقع نطاق لأصحاب المواقع لاصحاب المواقع مواقع تحميل انشاء المواقع الفوتوشوب جافا تسكين الفلاش فوتوشوب الستايل كراك ويندوز مجان احصل على برمجيات سويتش تعريب دروس مستضيف المجانيه صفحة سويش انترنت مجانبة مجانى fvhl l hkdm للموقع صفحه السويش اكواد خدمة السويتش تنزيل الفرونت بيج ملفات بالمجان المجاني الصفحات إنشاء لتحميل hgl hru هوست بناء دعم صمم مجانة whm تعلم فوتو شوب لتصميم احجز l hkdi l hkdm معارف يعطيك الصور اضافة لحجز شخصية عداد البرامج التي على الانترنت كيف لعمل

Your privacy is important to us. We want you to feel comfortable using webpowerhosting services. Because we gather certain types of information about the users of webpowerhosting's services, we feel you should fully understand what information we gather and how we use that information.

**What Information Does webpowerhosting Gather?**  


When you register for a webpowerhosting account, webpowerhosting obtains contact information, such as your name, address, and phone number, as well as payment information, such as your credit card number. When you use webpowerhosting's service, our systems record information about your session, such as the dates and times of use, and the specific Internet address assigned to you. webpowerhosting also tracks requests you make for information on webpowerhosting's products and services, and responses you provide to webpowerhosting surveys. Finally, webpowerhosting keeps records of your payment history and communications you have with webpowerhosting's Support Team. Except in extraordinary circumstances (when we receive a court order, to protect the company's rights or property, or in emergencies where someone's safety is at risk), webpowerhosting does not keep track of what sites you visit when you are using the service.

**What Does webpowerhosting Do With This Information?**  


webpowerhosting uses the information it gathers in order to provide you with the best online experience possible. As you might expect, contact information is used to contact you concerning your account and our company. Payment information is used to validate your identity and to bill you for the services and products you order. Information on your communications with webpowerhosting's Support Team is used to address the issues raised by your communications. In addition, webpowerhosting regularly sends out mailings regarding the operation of its service and other goods and services that it believes may be of interest to you. You may request that webpowerhosting not send you mailings relating to other goods and services at the URLs listed in this section or send an e-mail to support@hostmaxsite.info. webpowerhosting reserves the right, however, to send bulletins and other important information regarding the service at its discretion. 

**Does webpowerhosting Share Subscriber Information With Third Parties?**  


webpowerhosting will not share or disclose information regarding its subscribers except (i) when we receive legal process such as a court order; (ii) when reasonably necessary to protect the company's rights or property; (iii) when we use other corporative hosting company services; or (iv) in emergencies where someone's safety is at risk.

You should be aware, however, that any information that you disclose in a public space such as a chat room, bulletin board, or personal Web site, webpowerhosting's DNR domain registration is freely available to anyone else visiting that space. webpowerhosting cannot safeguard any personally identifiable information you disclose in these locations, nor can it ensure that information you voluntarily supply to third parties remains private. Please review the privacy policies of third party sites you frequent to ensure that your privacy preferences are respected.

**How Can I Correct or Update the Information?**  


To request a copy of the contact webpowerhosting has on your account, send an e-mail request to support@hostmaxsite.info. You may correct that information as appropriate by returning a message to the same address. Please keep in mind subscribers are required to provide webpowerhosting with current contact and billing information. webpowerhosting may require a copy of a government issued form of identification before disclosing billing information or before making changes to the billing or contact information on an account. 

**What Happens to the Information if I Leave webpowerhosting?**  


If you ever leave webfindresller, webpowerhosting will normally delete your personally identifiable account information twelve months after the account is cancelled, unless we are under a legal obligation to retain it. We preserve account information for this short period of time in the event you wish to reactivate your account and retain your previous e-mail address. However, in the event of any accounting irregularities, webpowerhosting reserves the right to retain your contact and billing information as necessary to resolve the matter.

**Changes to This Policy and Questions About Privacy**  


webpowerhosting reserves the right to make changes to this policy. Those changes will become effective 30 days after notice of them is posted here. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please send them via e-mail to support@hostmaxsite.info.
