> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hostessblog.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150320175928id_/http%3A//www.hwtm.com/index.cfm%3Fpage%3Dabout/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hostess with the Mostess® - Inspiration for Life's Celebrations

**Hostess With The Mostess® and HWTM.com™ Privacy Policy**

**Updated July 7, 2011**

**Our Privacy Policy governs information that is collected through the HWTM.com Website and the Hostessblog.com Website ("Site"), through our company, HWTM, LLC ("Company," "Hostess With The Mostess," "HWTM, "we" or "us"), through the use of the Site, software, and other services offered on or through the Site (collectively, the "Services"). This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the[Terms and Conditions of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20150320175928id_/http%3A//www.hwtm.com/index.cfm%3Fpage%3Dabout/index.cfm?page=about/termsandconditions).**

Please read the Privacy Policy carefully. This explains what Personal Information we will gather from you, and when and how this information is used. **Our Terms of Use explains the legal obligations of HWTM, LLC and you, the user, and also outlines what you can and cannot do while accessing the Site and Services.**

"Personal Information" is information about a person that is personally identifiable to such person like the person's name, address, email address, or phone number, as well as other non-public information.

"Anonymous Information" or "Aggregated Information" means information that is not associated with or linked to Personally Identifiable Information. Anonymous or Aggregated Information does not permit the identification of individual persons.

Please check back periodically for changes in our Privacy Policy.   
**Your Privacy.** We understand that your privacy is very important to you. At HWTM we believe that our online visitors have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect when you access or use our Services. Other websites that are linked to/from HWTM may have different policies that apply to their collection and management of information; therefore, please review the privacy policy notices on those websites carefully for details.

**Acceptance of Privacy Policy.** BY ACCESSING OUR SITE AND USING THE SERVICES, AND ANY OF THE UPDATES THEREOF, AND BY PROVIDING OR SUBMITTING INFORMATION THROUGH OUR SITE AND SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT ACCESS OUR SITE, USE THE SERVICES, OR PROVIDE ANY INFORMATION THROUGH OUR SITE.

**Age, Minors, and COPPA.** Our Site is directed at those who are over the age of 18. If someone is under the age of 18, they should only use this Site with the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. We do not knowingly collect or maintain Personal Information from individuals who are under 13 years of age, and no part of our Site or Services are designed to attract people under the age of 13. Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. If we obtain knowledge that a user is under the age of 13, we will take steps to remove that user's Personal Information from our databases.

**The Information that We Collect.** From time to time, we may ask for certain Personal Information from you so that you may register with our site, and enjoy various Services. Generally, we collect information in the following ways: when you submit information through your Registration, and Profile; and when we receive information through our Services and third party providers or advertisers.

We will collect your name, birth date, your email address, address, and Paypal information in the event you register as a Pro ("Personal Information"). This information and other information you provide to us, for example information submitted through your orders, will be collected, used, and disclosed as outlined herein. Unless otherwise indicated, information provided will not be associated with your Personal Information and if disclosed or used by us, such information shall be in anonymous or aggregate form.

**Why We Collect this Information.** We collect information for a variety of reasons, including administration of our Site and Services, our effort to inform you of changes in our Service, special offers, newsletters, and other products and services in which you may be interested. When you submit Personal Information to us, you understand and agree that the HWTM may access, store, and use your Profile/Account and Personal Information. You consent to the transfer of your information to and within the United States or other countries for processing and storage.

**Our Use and Disclosure of Your Information.** HWTM will use your Personal Information only for that specific purpose for which you submitted such Personal Information. We DO NOT sell or rent any Personal Information about you to any third party without your permission. Unless otherwise indicated, Personal Information provided by you to HWTM is for the internal use by HWTM only and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your Personal Information we collect to companies that perform services on our behalf to fulfill order requirements, payment processing, or administrative requirements.

**Our Security Procedures and Your Privacy.** Hostess With The Mostess takes great care in maintaining the security of your Personal Information, and preventing unauthorized access to it, through the use of commercially reasonable technology and internal procedures. For example, credit card transactions are processed through our secure payment gateway, Paypal, using SSL and a state of the art firewall. Stored credit cards and passwords are encrypted. Although we take great care in maintaining the security of your Personal Information, we do not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.

**What You Can Do For Your Security and Privacy.** While we have taken the measures outlined above, you can assist us by creating longer, stronger passwords longer. Don't post anything that you may want to remove at sometime in the future.

**Notice of Sharing.** We may share your Personal Information or other information under the following circumstances: (a) within HWTM, including our employees, and agents; (b) with third parties with your consent including third party product vendors and distributors; (c) if we believe in good faith that it is required by law, legal process or court order; (d) as may be required to respond to an inquiry, request or complaint that you have made; (e) to persons or companies that we engage to carry out or provide support for the operations of its business (which may include customer support services or email service providers); or (f) if we believe in good faith that it is necessary to protect the personal safety, property, or interests of you, our users, the public, our licensors, the Services, or ourselves. We will share aggregate information and/or Anonymous Information about our users and visitors with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.

**Advertising, Marketing, Contests and Promotions With Others.** We may disclose Anonymous or Aggregate Information to advertisers, business partners, sponsors, or other third parties but we will not disclose any information that could be used to personally identify you unless indicated herein or within the particular contest, or promotion. The Anonymous or Aggregate Information may be used to gauge the usefulness and popularity of our web pages, or certain links to or from our Site. During those times when we participate in promotions and contests in conjunction with other companies, with the intent to share Personal Information, we will indicate this on that contest or promotions registration page. Please refer to the specific promotion or contest for updates.

**Privacy Policies of Third Party Providers.** You should consult the respective privacy policies of third-party providers for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices if you desire to do so. Paypal provides our payment gateway ([https://cms.paypal.com/ch/cgi-bin/marketingweb?cmd=_render-content&content_ID=ua/Privacy_full&locale.x=en_US](https://cms.paypal.com/ch/cgi-bin/marketingweb?cmd=_render-content&content_ID=ua/Privacy_full&locale.x=en_US)) for all credit card transaction. We advertise with GLAM Media (<http://www.glammedia.com/about_glam/legal/privacy.php>), Google Adsense (<http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/ads/>) and Amazon Associates ([http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=footer_privacy?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468496](http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=footer_privacy?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468496)). We use MyEmma for our email services (<http://myemma.com/permission-and-privacy-policy/privacy>). Rackspace (<http://www.rackspace.com/information/legal/privacystatement.php>) and Amazon (<http://aws.amazon.com/privacy/>) provide our hosting services. While we do not sell products, we do link to products and books, particularly in our Blogs and in the DIY area. We provide links to products, and are not responsible for products, these sites, or their policies. Please refer to their site policies.

**Use of Cookies, and Other Technology.**

**Cookies.** Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website ("Cookies"), and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. The use of Cookies makes web surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, background information, and your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website. Many consider the use of Cookies to be an industry standard. Your browser is probably set to accept Cookies; however, it may be set to block acceptance of cookies, erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. If you would prefer not to receive Cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse, erase, or to warn you of the use of Cookies.

If you choose to have your browser refuse Cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site and Services that uses Cookies will not function properly when you view it and your online experience will be limited. HWTM uses Cookies to administer the Site and Services and to track user sessions. No Personal Information is stored. Our Services collect Personal Information under the following situations: (1) to the extent that you provide Information to us in an email message, order, or in your Profile; (2) to the extent that your web browser provides Information to our web server, like the site you linked from, the identity of your internet service provider, or the type of browser you are using; and (3) to the extent that you provide Personal Information to us in a CGI form.

**Third Party Cookies, GIF Files and Beacons.** Hostess With The Mostess and our third party advertisers and affiliates may use pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files may be provided by our ad management partner and enable it to recognize a unique Cookie on your web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our Site. The Cookie was placed by us, or by another advertiser who works with our ad management partner. With both Cookies and spotlight technology, the information that we collect and share is Anonymous Information, which may be shared in aggregate form, and it is not Personal Information and therefore does not contain such information as your name and email address.

You may choose to opt out of receiving cookies through your browser settings. If you have concerns about cookies, beacons or GIF Files, or need assistance on how to enable the cookies on your system, please contact us at [support@HWTM.com](mailto:support@HWTM.com).

**Information Provided to Customer Service.** HWTM or its designated third party customer service provider may offer support and technical assistance via telephone or email. Whenever you communicate with customer service, you understand: (i) that a customer service representative may view and make changes to your Personal Information in order to provide the assistance that you need; and (ii) that a customer service representative may reply to you via email or phone.

**Legal Disclosures.** We may disclose information we have collected from and about you (including Personal Information) if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; or (b) to protect and defend the rights or property of us, the users of our Services, or third parties. CAN-SPAM Compliance. As a registered user of HWTM, you consent to allow HWTM to contact you to provide you with information concerning your Account, your transactions with us, and your use of our Services. Email contact, for example, may include information regarding your Account, or orders placed with us. If you have indicated that you would like to be contacted regarding other services and promotions, we may also contact you with commercial information about products, services, promotions, contests, or other activities or offerings that may be of interest to you. Additionally, with each commercial communication you receive from us, you will be given the opportunity to indicate that you wish to "Unsubscribe" from receiving such future communications.

**Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information.** If you want to make changes, amendments and/or deletions to your Personal Information with HWTM, you can access and update your information by clicking onto your Account. Please note that we may be prohibited from deleting certain Personal Information due to an applicable court order, statute, law or regulation. When we delete information that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases but may remain in our archives for legal purposes.   
**CAN-SPAM Compliance.** If you have registered with HWTM.com, you consent to allow us to contact you to provide you with information concerning your Account, your transactions with us, and your use of our Services. Email contact, for example, may include information regarding your membership or newsletter. If you have indicated that you would like to be contacted regarding other services and promotions, we may also contact you with commercial information about products, services, promotions, or other activities or offerings that may be of interest to you. Additionally, with each commercial communication you receive from us, you will be given the opportunity to indicate that you wish to "Unsubscribe" from receiving such future communications. By requesting that we send an email message to a Friend, you understand that you are required to send an authentic email address that is being used solely for the purpose of providing information about HWTM and HWTM.com to your known friend, who would not object to receiving this email.

**Notice to California Residents - Your California Privacy Rights (As Provided by California Civil Code section 1798.83).** A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (a "California Customer") may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California Customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing [privacy@HWTM.com](mailto:privacy@HWTM.com). Please note that we are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address.

**Privacy Policy Updates.** The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of any information collected by HWTM or its Customer Service. Hostess With The Mostess reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. This Privacy Policy may change as new features are added to our Site. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post these changes to our Privacy Policy on the Site. The most recent version of our Privacy Policy is always available from the bottom of most pages on the site. In case of any material changes to the Privacy Policy, we will replace the "Privacy Policy" link on the home page of the website with a link entitled "Privacy Policy Updated xx/xx/xxxx" for no less than thirty (30) days. All changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective when posted, and your continued use of any of the Services after the posting will constitute your acceptance of, and agreement to by bound by, the changed terms. It is your sole responsibility to periodically revisit and review our Privacy Policy for updates. If you have any questions about privacy, please contact us at [privacy@HWTM.com](mailto:privacy@HWTM.com).

**Subsequent Owner of HWTM, LLC Merger/Acquisition.** In the event that HWTM, LLC goes through a business change, such as a merger, acquisition or sale, your Personally Identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Company or its assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. You hereby consent to us sharing your Personal Information under the above circumstances.

**Contact Information.** If you have any questions or comments about our personal information practices or about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by email or at: HWTM, LLC. 11624 Candy Rose Way, San Diego, CA 92131, Phone Number: 858-527-1075. [contact@HWTM.com](mailto:contact@HWTM.com)

Copyright 2011 HWTM.com and HWTM, LLC All Rights Reserved
