> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kelloggs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-04-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030408233013id_/http%3A//kelloggs.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Kelloggs.com Privacy Policy

**General Privacy Policy Statement**  
Kellogg Company recognizes its obligation to its customers, community and online visitors to adhere to the highest standards of decency, fairness, and integrity in all its operations. Likewise, Kellogg is dedicated to the fundamentals of protecting consumer privacy on the Internet, especially for children. We've developed our privacy practices from guidelines established by the Children's Advertising Review Unit (CARU) and in compliance with the requirements established by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). 

**Gathering and Use of Information**   
On most sections of our websites, Kellogg collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. We do not require this information for customers to obtain access to any of our sites. However, in order to participate in some of the programs offered on Kellogg websites, you may have to provide personal information. These programs are described in more detail below. Except as explained below, personal information received from any visitor will only be used for internal marketing purposes and will not be sold or provided to third parties.

In communicating with children, Kellogg is especially mindful of the need to protect their personal privacy. We include several notices on the Kellogg websites requiring children under age 13 to get permission from their parent or legal guardian before providing any personal information. We will use our best efforts to obtain such permission, which may include requiring a parent or legal guardian to (1) submit a permission form via credit card verification.

**Eet & Ern Program**  
You can view the terms and conditions of the Eet & Ern Program, at any time by clicking on the hyperlink labeled "Terms & Conditions" at the bottom of the homepage for the [Eet & Ern Program](http://eetandern.yahoo.com/).

Children under age 13 may only establish an account in the Eet & Ern Program with the prior consent of a parent or legal guardian. The Eet & Ern website requires children under age 13 to obtain consent via credit card verification online. Kellogg only uses the credit card information for verification of the parental consent. The credit card number is encrypted for your safety and once the credit card number is verified, Kellogg does not retain the number.

**Information Collected in the Eet & Ern Program**  
Personal information provided to Kellogg when you or your child establishes an Eet & Ern Program will include e-mail address, age, and gender. You or your child will also be asked to provide your full name, address, e-mail address (including parent’s Yahoo! ID and password, if applicable) and telephone number. This information will be used by Kellogg for market research and statistical analysis of customers who participate in the Eet & Ern Program. The Eet & Ern Program allows consumers to participate in all activities offered such as special offers, sweepstakes, contests, e-cards, games and other activities. Kellogg also offers an "opt-in" feature when you register for the Eet & Ern Program that will allow you to receive promotional e-mails from Kellogg and our Partners in the Eet & Ern Program.

The Eet & Ern Program is provided in connection with Partner companies (such as Yahoo, Inc.). Yahoo's use of your personal information is subject to the Yahoo Privacy Policy. In order to operate the Eet & Ern Program, Kellogg must share some of your or your child's personal data with its Partners. Personal information, including your or your child's name, mailing address, e-mail address and telephone number, which is necessary to fulfill orders for products and product coupons, will be provided to Kellogg’s Partners. Kellogg and its Partners will also share aggregate information about usage of the Eet & Ern website and about transactions by Kellogg customers on our Partners’ websites. If applicable, our Partners will also use third-party order fulfillment services to process and fulfill orders made on the Eet & Ern website. Your or your child's personal information will be provided to these third parties in order to process your order. Your and your child's personal information will only be used by our Partners (or their subcontractors): (1) to fulfill your or your child's order, (2) to provide information about the Partner's product offerings if you or your child elect to receive such marketing information at the time you or your child place an order with such Partner as part of the Eet & Ern Program, (3) to operate the Eet & Ern service or (4) for other purposes for which you have consented.

Kellogg does not currently disclose any personal data provided by you or your child in connection with the Eet & Ern Program, except as stated in the Privacy Policy.

The Eet & Ern website also links to our Partners’ websites and those websites may collect and use your or your child's personal information to process orders for products using product coupons which are offered as part of the Eet & Ern Program, subject to the Partner’s own privacy policies. Although our Partners in the Eet & Ern Program have agreed to adopt privacy policies which are satisfactory to Kellogg, we are not responsible for our Partners’ websites and advise you to check their policies and terms and conditions as they may vary. Kellogg shall not be liable for any failure on the part of a Partner, or its affiliates or agents, to use personal information you or your child provide to Partner in accordance with any contractual or other legal obligations to which such Partner, or its affiliates or agents, may be subject.

**Other Kellogg Programs**  
On sections of the Kellogg websites, other than the Eet & Ern Program, personal information including your name, address and e-mail is collected as part of contest entry forms, in connection with requests by consumers for information from Kellogg, and when joining our updates list. In the future, Kellogg may offer programs which will require you to provide credit card information in order to participate; these types of programs will be limited to consumers who are at least 18 years old. Occasionally, we may also ask for personal information for our own internal marketing use. You may provide this information on a voluntary basis and Kellogg will require consent of a parent or guardian if you are under age 13. If you provide this information to Kellogg, we will maintain your and/or your child’s privacy and will not sell or provide this information to third parties. Only those people who ask to be added to our updates list or who ask for information from us will receive e-mail communications from Kellogg. We also offer an "opt-out" feature that allows you, at any time, to have Kellogg discontinue e-mail communications to you and/or your child.

**Cookies**  
Kellogg may use "cookie" technology to obtain non-personal information from its online visitors. Cookies are information files that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to accept them or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. We do not extract personal information in this process nor do we provide this information to third parties. We also do not contact you. Cookies allow us to customize your user interface to speed up the navigation process and to make the site experience more efficient. If your browser is configured to reject cookies, you will not be able to utilize some features of Kellogg websites.

**Links**  
The Kellogg websites may contain links to other sites. We make every effort only to link to websites that share our high standards of decency, fairness, and integrity. We try our best to ensure that these links are safe for children, but the privacy and data collection practices on any linked websites are entirely separate from Kellogg and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Kellogg shall not be responsible for any failure on the part of any linked websites to comply with any privacy policy posted on the website, or any contractual or other legal obligations to which the operators of such website may be subject. In addition, other websites, which may contain material not suitable for children, may also link to the Kellogg websites without Kellogg’s knowledge or consent. Kellogg has no responsibility for the content, policies or actions of these websites. Children should always check with a parent, guardian or other adult before linking to any new sites.

**Security**  
On sections of the Kellogg websites, other than the Eet & Ern Program, personal information including your name, address and e-mail is collected as part of contest entry forms, in connection with requests by consumers for information from Kellogg, and when joining our updates list. In the future, Kellogg may offer programs which will require you to provide credit card information in order to participate; these types of programs will be limited to consumers who are at least 18 years old. Occasionally, we may also ask for personal information for our own internal marketing use. You may provide this information on a voluntary basis and Kellogg will require consent of a parent or guardian if you are under age 13. If you provide this information to Kellogg, we will maintain your and/or your child’s privacy and will not sell or provide this information to third parties. Only those people who ask to be added to our updates list or who ask for information from us will receive e-mail communications from Kellogg. We also offer an "opt-out" feature that allows you, at any time, to have Kellogg discontinue e-mail communications to you and/or your child.

**Changes and Updates to the Privacy Policy**  
Kellogg websites’ content and features may be updated, revised, modified and supplemented. Kellogg reserves the right to change the information, features, products, policies, promotions, disclosures and disclaimers at any time. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our websites. Please check the policy periodically for changes. At the end of the policy we indicate the date of an update to the Privacy Policy. The continued use of the Kellogg websites following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean you accept those changes. Any parental or guardian consent provided to Kellogg will be deemed to apply to the revised privacy policy and new or modified features, unless there is a material change in our data collection, use or disclosure practices, in which case we will obtain a new consent. If there is a material change in our data collection, use or disclosure policies for the Eet & Ern Program, Kellogg will ask you to provide a new consent and your child will only be able to continue to participate in the Eet & Ern Program if this updated consent is provided.

**Changes and Access to Personal Information**  
Parents or guardians who want to view the information being collected about their child should send an e-mail to Kellogg by clicking on the hyperlink "Contact Us" located on each page on the Kellogg websites or they can contact Kellogg Consumer Affairs Department at 1-888-314-2060 with their request. Parents can also contact Kellogg by using the "Contact Us" hyperlink or by contacting Kellogg Consumer Affairs Department at 1-888-314-2060 to request that their child’s participation in the Eet & Ern Program be discontinued or that no further information be collected from their child. In either case, personal information previously collected about your child will continue to be used by Kellogg for internal statistical analysis, but for no other purpose. Parents or guardians will be required to provide identification before the child’s information is released to the parent or guardian. A child’s participation in the Eet & Ern Program will cease as a result of a parent or guardian limiting information collection by Kellogg because Kellogg would be unable to operate the Eet & Ern Program for that child.

Kellogg consumers and parents of children under age 13 who provide personal information to Kellogg can correct, update and delete personal information from our database at any time by sending an e-mail to Kellogg by clicking on the hyperlink "Contact Us" located at the bottom of each page of the Kellogg websites or contacting Kellogg Consumer Affairs Department at 1-800-962-1413. On the Eet & Ern website, you may also view or change any information stored in your profile by clicking on the "Account Info" button shown on the Eet & Ern Help page.

**Summary**  
As in our other business operations, Kellogg approaches our communications on the Internet with respect for, and commitment to, individual privacy rights, concern, and respect for the different sensibilities of our child consumers. We support active self-regulation of this new environment to ensure that responsible marketers can maintain the right to use all communication media to interact with its consumers.

**Questions**  
If you have any questions about Kellogg's online privacy policies or procedures, please contact us by using the "Contact Us" hyperlink located on each page on the Kellogg websites or call our toll free number 1-800-962-1413. Our Consumer Affairs Department is prepared to address any concerns you may have about the privacy, safety and appropriateness of any material you see on the Kellogg website.

Kellogg Company is located at:

One Kellogg Square  
P.O. Box 3599  
Battle Creek, MI 49016-3599  
 

#### This Privacy Policy has been updated as of 2/2002
