> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the toyota.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121230128id_/http%3A//www.toyota.co.uk/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Toyota UK

Toyota (GB) PLC and Toyota Financial Services (UK) PLC (“we”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. On this page we describe how we may make use of any personal data that you may supply to us when you visit this website. Please read the following to carefully understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting _www.toyota.co.uk_ you are accepting and consenting to the practices set out in this policy.

For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is Toyota (GB) PLC of Great Burgh, Burgh Heath, Epsom, Surrey KT18 5UX.

### Personal data to be collected on this website

We may collect and process the following data about you:

  1. (a) Information you provide to us

You may give us information about you by filling in forms on this site or by corresponding with us, our dealer network and agents by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you make any request using this site (e.g. to be kept informed of Toyota services or products) or when you report a problem with our site.

The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number. For certain requests we may also ask you to provide the details of your nearest postal town so that we able to pass your request to your nearest dealer.

We will not collect any sensitive personal data from you via this website.

  2. (b) Information we collect about you

This website uses server logs which record your interactions with this website in terms of the webpages you visit by reference to your computer's internet protocol address at the time. We may use the data generated by these logs to analyse site usage and to investigate any site performance issues.

We do not use such data to identify individual internet users unless we believe they may be involved in unlawful, malicious or offensive conduct.

  3. (c) Information we receive from other sources

We work closely with certain third parties, including business partners, sub-contractors in technical services, analytics providers and search information providers and may receive information about you from them.




### Cookies

Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a better experience when you browse our website and also allows us to make improvements to our site. We do not use first party cookies to collect personal data from which you can be identified as a named individual.

For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our [Cookie policy](http://www.toyota.co.uk/cookie-policy)

### Use of personal data collected on this website

We only use the personal data that you supply to us for the following purposes:

  1. (a) to fulfil a request you make of us through this website, e.g. for a brochure, a test drive or to provide you with information requested about our products and services. Please note that certain requests may be fulfilled using your local dealer (for example test drive requests or brochure requests);
  2. (b) to contact you with information about other Toyota products and services if you wish for us to do so. You may opt how you wish to receive such information or not to receive it all;
  3. (c) to contact you if we experience problems in fulfilling one of your requests in a timely manner;
  4. (d) where collected with your permission as part of a survey for survey purposes connected with that survey;
  5. (e) for marketing research, data analysis and troubleshooting. Where we are using any data for analytics, we will only use that data to observe trends and it will not be used in a way that could identify any particular individual;
  6. (f) to allow you to participate in any interactive features of our service when you choose to do so;
  7. (g) to repair and improve this site or ensure that the content on our site is presented in the most effective manner;
  8. (h) as part of our efforts to keep this site safe and secure;
  9. (i) to detect or prevent unlawful, malicious or offensive activity; or
  10. (j) to comply with an order of a Court of Law of competent jurisdiction.



Please be aware that we may screen internet protocol and email addresses on _blog.toyota.co.uk_ to prevent this site being used to forward unsolicited electronic communications.

When you make request of us, for example for a brochure, you will be asked whether you wish to be kept informed of Toyota products and services. If you say no then we will remove or suppress your personal data from our databases once we have fulfilled your request. If you opt to receive information using a certain method of communication only (e.g. by text or email only) then we will remove or suppress any data that relates to any other form of communication. 

### Disclosure of your Information

We may share your personal information with certain affiliate organisations, including our dealer network to allow them to fulfil specific requests made by you, and other companies in the Toyota Group. Your personal data will never be sold or provided to any individual or organisation outside of the Toyota Group, its agents or affiliated companies. We will not use your personal data for any purpose that we have not previously disclosed to you.

  1. (a) Use of data processors

We may use agencies to fulfil your requests, to track activity on our website and perform data analytics or site optimisation. All agents that we use are required to keep your personal data secure and to process (i.e. to store, handle and, if needs be, erase) it in accordance with our instructions. Your personal data will not be used for any purpose that you have not previously consented to.

We will not collect any sensitive personal data from you via this website.

  2. (b) Sharing of data

When you request a test drive, a brochure or make certain requests for information about Toyota products or services, we may pass your name and contact information to your nearest official Toyota dealer (or the official Toyota dealer of your choice) so that they can process your request. We identify your nearest dealer by electronically searching against the postcode or address that you provide to us.

All of our dealers are instructed that they must have appropriate data security safeguards in place and that they must not use any data for any purpose outside of the specific request that we have received. The dealer concerned may separately ask you to provide your name and contact information for other marketing activities.




### Where we store your personal data

The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). If this happens then your data must, by law, be subject to a similar level of security as that applied in the United Kingdom. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is kept securely and treated in accordance with this privacy policy.

The transmission of information via the internet can never be guaranteed to be completely secure. While we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot absolutely guarantee the security of any data transmitted to our site. Any transmission of data is made at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.

### Links to third party websites

This website may contain links to and from other websites (e.g. social media sites such as Twitter, Flickr, YouTube and Facebook). Unless we own such websites, we accept no responsibility for the way in which they process your personal data. You are recommended to check the privacy policy of each website before you submit any personal data to it.

### Your Rights

You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will inform you before collecting your data if we intend to use your data for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by selecting the appropriate boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.

You may withdraw your consent to the continued processing of the personal data that you have supplied to us on this website at any time by contacting us at:

  1. (a) Toyota (GB) PLC, PO Box 814, Portsmouth, PO6 9AY; or
  2. (b) _ToyotaCCInformation@listening.co.uk_



If you withdraw your consent to us using the personal data that you have provided to us through this website then we will suppress such data from our databases and instruct any affiliate or agency that has access to your data to do likewise. If you withdraw your consent to us processing your personal data we shall not be obliged to fulfil any outstanding request that you have made through this website.

### Access to your information

You have the right to access the information that we hold about you at any time. All data subject access requests made under the Act should be sent to:

  * Legal & Compliance
  * Toyota (GB) PLC
  * Great Burgh
  * Burgh Heath
  * Epsom
  * Surrey KT18 5UX



Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to cover the costs of providing you with details of the information that we hold about you.

### Changes to our privacy policy

You should note that we may change this privacy policy without notice. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes made to this statement.

### Contact us

Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:

  * Legal & Compliance
  * Toyota (GB) PLC
  * Great Burgh
  * Burgh Heath
  * Epsom
  * Surrey KT18 5UX


