> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the toysrus.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161204232611id_/http%3A//www.toysrus.co.uk/toys/content/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy & Cookies | Help & Support | Toys R Us

At Toys R Us we are committed to protecting your privacy and we comply with the data protection laws applicable to the UK. This Privacy Policy outlines how your personal information is treated and forms part of our Terms and Conditions. (We may occasionally modify our Privacy Policy; when this happens we will notify you via our terms and conditions page.) For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is Toys “R” Us Limited of Geoffrey House, Maidenhead Office Park, Westacott Way, Maidenhead SL6 3QH.

When you order we need to know your name, e-mail address, delivery address, credit/debit card number and expiry date. This allows us to process and fulfil your order and notify you of your order status. We also ask you for your telephone number(s) so we can contact you easily if required. Additionally, we request that you confirm your date of birth, enabling us to control the sale of age restricted items, such as video games, through our website. You may give us other information about you when you correspond with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.

Any personal data relating to you will be used and recorded by us in accordance with current data protection legislation and this Privacy Policy. We use the information collected from you to process orders and to provide a more personalised shopping experience. We may use your personal information to communicate with you, for record keeping purposes, and in aggregate (and therefore anonymously) for market research purposes, to track activity on our site, to publish trends and/or to improve the usefulness of content. We may use other companies to provide services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customers’ questions about products or services, sending postal mail and e-mails, analysing data and processing credit card payments. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. We may also share your information with credit reference agencies for the purpose of accessing your credit score. We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others unless you have consented to us making your name and address available to carefully vetted companies.

The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, amongst other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try and prevent unauthorised access.

We would also like to send you offers for goods or services from our company or others from time to time which we think you may find of interest. If you do not wish to receive this information, do not tick the opt-in box on our checkout page before submitting your order.

The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.

Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and can be submitted using our [contact us form.](http://www.toysrus.co.uk/toys/contact-us)

Cookies are small text files that a web site transfers to a site visitor's hard disk or browser for added functionality, or for tracking web site usage. We do not use cookies to gather personal information such as a person's name, e-mail address, telephone number or credit card details. Any information gathered by the use of cookies is compiled on an aggregate, anonymous basis. In order to measure the effectiveness of our on-line presence, Toys "R" Us may use cookies to identify repeat visitors to our site and to determine the path visitors take on our site, allowing us to make the site more user-friendly. By using our website, you accept that the following cookies may be used:

Cookie Name | Product Name | Purpose | Expiry | Impact if turned off  
---|---|---|---|---  
JSESSIONID | ATG | Used for session management of the Web Application. Also associates the browser to a particular server instance. | Session | The site won't work properly. User will be unable to complete the Checkout process if this cookie is blocked.  
SHOPPING_CART | ATG | Used to identify and hold the shopping basket contents. | 14 days | User can loose basket contents if session expires.  
userPrefLanguage | £5 | 20% | 33% | 66%  
12 Weeks | ATG | Holds the preferred language of the visitor for the site (when multisite is enabled). | 20+ years | -  
_ga, _gat | Google Analytics | Allows us to measure how users interact in the site. Used to distinguish users and throttle request rate. | 2 years for _ga, 10 minutes for _gat | Unable to understand how the site is used by visitors and make site improvements based on this.  
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmt, _utmz, | Google Analytics | Allows us to measure how users interact in the site. Used to distinguish users, throttle request rate, determine new sessions/visits, store the traffic source or campaign on how the user reached the site. | _utma: 2 years from set/update. _utmt: 10 min. _utmb: 30 min from set/update. _utmc: end of browser session. _utmz: 6 months from set/update | Unable to understand how the site is used by visitors and make improvements based on this.  
cjsourcecookie | Commission Junction | Allows advertisers to report revenue if a sale is completed when a customer reaches the site from an advert. | 30 days from set/update. | Advertisers will not be paid, adverts will not be customized and customers will not be able to receive certain benefits, such as cashback.  
cookieBrowserAdvice | ATG | Notifies the visitor if the browser version is no longer supported. | session | If this cookie is blocked the user will not be notified that their browser is not supported and their experience on the site may not be optimal.  
cookieSet | ATG | Holds if the user closes the yellow cookies message to prevent it from appearing in future. | 5 years | The yellow cookies message will always be present through the site.  
Mmapi.store.p.0 | maxTest | Stores visitor ID, any persistent visitor information, can be used to store custom data. | 1 year from last day visited | Visitor will not be able to receive optimised version of the site. Persistent data and any custom data will be lost.  
Mmapi.store.p.0 | maxTest | Stores visitor ID, any persistent visitor information, can be used to store custom data. | 1 year from last day visited | Visitor will not be able to receive optimised version of the site. Persistent data and any custom data will be lost.  
DotomiUser, DotomiNet, DotomiStatus, Rt_NNNN, DotomiSession_NNNN, DotomiRRNNNN, DotomiTest, DotomiTestSession  |  Conversant |  Through the collection and use of anonymous information about your visits to and interactions with our website through the use of technologies such as cookies, Conversant can personalize advertisements for goods and services.  |  13 months, 13 months, 5 years, 1 week, 7 days, Session,24 hours, 1800 seconds, Session  |  To learn more, or to opt-out of receiving online display advertisements tailored to your interests by our third party partners, such as Conversant, visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance at <http://youronlinechoices.eu/>.   
Dtm_token  |  Toys “R” Us |  We may also use technologies, such as our own cookies, to provide you with personalized online display advertising tailored to your interests.  |  13 months  |  To opt out of our cookies used for this online advertising, click here   
  
Use of cookies is an industry standard and many web sites use them. If you do not wish to receive cookies, or want to be notified of when they are placed, you can set your web browser to do so, if your browser so permits. Please note that by disabling future cookies or deleting current ones you may restrict your access to certain areas or features of our site and you will not be able to set up an account or re-open an existing one. Most browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.AllAboutCookies.org (Toysrus.co.uk is not responsible for the content of external websites. This link will open a new window). Login details are saved to a permanent cookie so you may purchase from the site or re-visit it without having to go through the login procedure.

Your statutory customer rights are not affected.

By subscribing to our free newsletter you will be the first to learn about new products, valuable tips and news as well as exclusive offers. After signing up you will receive a welcome email. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter you can unsubscribe at any time, simply by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in the footer of any of our newsletters.

##  First Party Opt-Out Menu Confirmation Language

Conversant will provide a link that will opt-out users from targeted ads, and lead the user to an opt out menu with the following language: 

**Opt-Out - Success**

If you are seeing this screen, the opt-out process was completed successfully and your browser will indicate you have opted out of enhanced online display advertising provided directly by Toys “R” Us UK. 

Here are some important things you should know about this specific opt-out:

  * You may still receive marketing promotions from Toys “R” Us UK through our third party service providers. Please visit the Network Advertising Initiative (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) or your applicable Digital Advertising Alliance to learn more about the use of this information by third-party advertising companies or to choose limited use of this information by opting out of interest-based online advertising.
  * In the future, if you clear your cookies, you may need to opt back out. To reinstate your opt out for enhanced marketing, simply return to the Toys “R” Us UK Privacy Policy and opt out again.



**Updated 09/16/2016**
