> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cf.ac.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121003183129id_/http%3A//www.cardiff.ac.uk/legals/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

### General

Cardiff University website will not store or capture personal data (e.g. name, email address) without the prior knowledge and consent of users.

In the event that you are asked to provide personal information to the web site, you may be asked whether you wish to receive any further communication from Cardiff University. The University will make sure all personal data that is supplied is held as securely as possible, in accordance with the Data Protection Act.

### Data

Cardiff University does not sell or otherwise transfer any personal data to commercial companies or other organisations, with the exception of 1) web statistics (see below) which is hosted and managed by a third party company (Google, Inc and other web analytics services) and 2) off-site hosted server environments for some website services (eCards, Coursefinder and other applications).

### Cookies & Web Statistics

Some areas of Cardiff University website use cookies to aid the user experience (e.g. to save the user from re-entering personal details for every page in a section of the site, including the 'Quick links' area). Cookies are also used to compile general (not personal) site usage statistics. Cookies are not used to capture or store personal information for any other purpose.

Cardiff University maintains continuous logs of its web server activity. These log files include the details of web site users’ IP address, browser type and page last visited etc. The log files are used to analyse how the web site is being used by visitors and may be kept in an anonymised form for historical records.

The Cardiff University websites use hosted web analytics software. These are hosted services provided and managed by third party companies. Cardiff University's main supplier of hosted web analytics is Google, Inc. Clicktale.com is also used on some pages to better inform web design. The services 'Google Analytics' and 'Clicktale.com' use 'cookies' (a text file sent to user's computers as they browse our websites) to help analyze how users navigate our websites. The information generated by the cookie regarding our websites (including IP addresses) will be transmitted to and stored by Google, Inc. and Clicktale.com on servers that may be hosted in the United States. Google, Inc. and Clicktale.com will use this information for the purpose of evaluating use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other related services to Cardiff University.

Google, Inc. and Clicktale.com may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google, Inc. or Clicktale.com’s behalf. Google, Inc. and Clicktale.com will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google, Inc. or Clicktale.com. You may decline the use of cookies by configuring your web browser to do so. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google, Inc. and Clicktale.com in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

[Further information about our use of Cookies](http://www.cardiff.ac.uk/cookies/)

### Disclaimer

This privacy statement applies to the web pages centrally maintained by Cardiff University. Other pages that are linked to from the main Cardiff University sites may have a separate privacy policy, including some Academic School, Research Centre and project-orientated websites.
