> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thunder-link.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181225230846id_/http%3A//www.thunder-link.com/company/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Thunder-link.com

Privacy Policy Information You Provide We collect information you provide us when you use our Sites. For example, we collect your name, email address, postal address, phone number, fax number, demographics, and other information you provide us online. We also colet credit card numbers and other forms of payment information if you purchase products and services through our Sites and certain third-party sites. Information from Other Sources We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect on our Sites. As examples, we may obtain demographic data from third-party data providers to better market to you, and we may purchase or lease lists from list brokers to correct or supplement your data. Information Automatically Collected When you visit our Sites, some information about your visit is automatically collected by Thunder-link.com. For example, when you visit our sites your computer's or mobile device's operating system, application software, Internet Protocol (lP) address, access times, browser type and language, peripherals, and the websites you visited before our Sites are logged automatically. We also collect information about your usage and activity on our Sites including information about your orders, purchases, and cart activity. Online Tracking by Third Parties Other third parties may collect information about you through our Sites, including personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Sites. Some third parties provide us with analytics services and automatically collect the type of information described above. Some 3rd parties collect information on behalf of Thunder-ink.com and others for online advertising purposes described below.  We have the right to modify this privacy policy from time to time; the effective date noted above will indicate the date that this policy was last updated. You should visit our Website periodically to review any changes. We understand that you are very concerned about the usage and sharing of your personal information. And we are very appreciated your belief on our prudence and sensitivity handling this issue. Protect your privacy is our duty. E-mail Correspondence when you inquiry a product from thunder-link.com, we will receive a mail including your name, email, address etc and our sales representative will contact you soon, but due to the jet lag, maybe sometimes we cannot reply your E-mail immediately, please be patient, and wait for our quotation.

You have added

to your shopping cart

Privacy Policy Information You Provide We collect information you provide us when you use our Sites. For example, we collect your name, email address, postal address, phone number, fax number, demographics, and other information you provide us online. We also colet credit card numbers and other forms of payment information if you purchase products and services through our Sites and certain third-party sites. Information from Other Sources We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect on our Sites. As examples, we may obtain demographic data from third-party data providers to better market to you, and we may purchase or lease lists from list brokers to correct or supplement your data. Information Automatically Collected When you visit our Sites, some information about your visit is automatically collected by Thunder-link.com. For example, when you visit our sites your computer's or mobile device's operating system, application software, Internet Protocol (lP) address, access times, browser type and language, peripherals, and the websites you visited before our Sites are logged automatically. We also collect information about your usage and activity on our Sites including information about your orders, purchases, and cart activity. Online Tracking by Third Parties Other third parties may collect information about you through our Sites, including personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Sites. Some third parties provide us with analytics services and automatically collect the type of information described above. Some 3rd parties collect information on behalf of Thunder-ink.com and others for online advertising purposes described below.  We have the right to modify this privacy policy from time to time; the effective date noted above will indicate the date that this policy was last updated. You should visit our Website periodically to review any changes. We understand that you are very concerned about the usage and sharing of your personal information. And we are very appreciated your belief on our prudence and sensitivity handling this issue. Protect your privacy is our duty. E-mail Correspondence when you inquiry a product from thunder-link.com, we will receive a mail including your name, email, address etc and our sales representative will contact you soon, but due to the jet lag, maybe sometimes we cannot reply your E-mail immediately, please be patient, and wait for our quotation.
