> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iphone7updates.org privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181215195846id_/http%3A//www.iphone7updates.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

  * **iphone7updates.org** collects visitors’ information through third party website statistics service (statscounter.com). As with most other websites, visitors’ data collected are contained in (online) log files. The information in these log files include your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit the blog, the time you spent on the blog and which pages you viewed throughout the blog.
  * This information can only be seen by the admin of the blog and completely hidden from public view.
  * We require your email address while you comment on any post, and that will be stored on third-party server that offers commenting service to our site. Your email address can only be viewed by admin and will not be revealed to other visitors. But the Admin holds the right to [contact](https://web.archive.org/contact/ "contact") you via email regarding any comment you made on the blog. And any of your comment can be removed by the admin if it is found offensive/inappropriate to the readers.
  * Your email address is completely safe from spam if you **Subscribe to our Free Email Alerts** on. You’ll get email alerts only when the blog is updated with the new content.
  * **iphone7updates.org** uses cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
  * Some of the advertisers at **iphone7updates.org** may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy (<http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html>). You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browsersettings, or by managing preferences in your Antivirus or Internet Security Software installed in your system.



### Comments
