> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iphoria.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171121181840id_/http%3A//www.iphoria.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | IPHORIA

Sect. 1 General 

We will process your personal data (e.g. title, name, address, e-mail address, phone number, bank details, credit card number) exclusively in accordance with the provisions of German privacy laws. The following provisions will inform you of the nature, extent and purpose of the collection, processing and use of personal data. This privacy policy applies only to our websites. If you are directed to other sites via links on our pages, please familiarise yourself with the respective use of your data there.

Sect. 2 Inventory data 

(1) Your personal data, insofar as they are required for the establishment, content definition or modification of the contractual relationship (inventory data), will be used exclusively for fulfilment of the contract. Thus, for example, your name and address must be forwarded to the goods suppliers for the actual delivery of the goods.

(2) Without your express consent or in the absence of a legal basis, your personal data will not be shared with any third parties not participating in the fulfilment of the contract. Following the fulfilment of contract, your data will be blocked from further use. Following expiry of the period set by German commercial and tax regulations for data retention, this data will be deleted, unless you have agreed explicitly to its further use.

Sect. 3 Web analysis with Google Analytics 

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (" _Google_ "). Google Analytics uses so-called “ _cookies_ ”, or text files that are stored on your computer to facilitate analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is sent to a Google server in the U.S. and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities for the website operators and to provide other services related to website and internet usage. If necessary, Google will also transmit this information to third parties, if this is prescribed by law or if a third party is processing this data on behalf of Google. Under no circumstances will Google link your IP address to other data stored by Google. You can prevent the installation of the cookies by a setting in your browser software; we would, however, draw your attention to the fact that you might then be unable to make full use of the functions of this website. By using this website, you are stating your consent to the processing of the data obtained about you by Google in the manner described above and for the aforementioned purpose. You may revoke your consent to the collection and use of your IP address by Google Analytics at any time, with effect for the future. More details can be found at: [optout](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de)

This website uses Google Analytics with the “ _anonymizeIP()_ ” add-on, which processes the IP addresses of site visitors only in shortened form to exclude direct personal identification.

Sect. 4 Credit check 

As far as we step into payment in advance, e.g. with payment on bill, we catch up if necessary a creditworthiness information over you with the following company: Creditreform, Hellersbergstraße 12, D-41460 Neuss. For this purpose we will pass your personal data on (e.g. name and address) to this company. On the basis of mathematical-statistic procedures one could check, how high the risk of a payment loss is. By the result of the creditworthiness examination we make the sales contract conclusion dependent.

Sect. 5 Information about cookies 

(1) We use cookies to optimise our website. These are small text files that are temporarily stored on your computer. These cookies are deleted when you close your browser.

(2) You can prevent cookies from being stored on your hard drive by choosing the “ _block cookies_ ” setting in your browser. This can, however, reduce the useful functionality of our website.

Sect. 6 Social Plugins from Facebook and Twitter 

(1) We use Social Plugins from facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. The Plugins can be recognised by the Facebook logo or the addition of " _Facebook Social Plugin_ ”. If you click on the " _Like_ " button or enter a comment, the corresponding information is sent directly from your browser to Facebook and stored there. Details on the handling of your personal data by Facebook and your relevant rights can be found in the privacy policy: [Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/policy.php). If you do not want Facebook to collect information about you via our web pages, you should log out of Facebook before you visit our website. You can prevent the storing of Facebook Plugins also with add-ons for your browser completely, e.g. with the „ _Facebook blocker_ “ (Facebook).

(2) In connection with Twitter and the Re-Tweet functions, we use the so-called “ _Social Plugins_ ” from twitter.com, operated by Twitter Inc. 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. If you use the Re-Tweet functions, the web pages you visit will be disclosed to third parties and linked to your Twitter account. For details on the use of your data by Twitter as well as on your rights and setting options to protect your personal data, please see the privacy policy: [Twitter](http://twitter.com/privacy). If you do not like the fact that Twitter directly assigns the data collected over our web appearance to your Twitter account you must out-log on Twitter before your visit of our website. You can prevent the storing of Twitter Plugins also with add-ons for your browser completely, e.g. with the script blocker (NoScript).

Sect. 7 Newsletter 

When you subscribe to the newsletter, your e-mail address will be used for the company’s advertising purposes until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. You can unsubscribe at any time. You have given the following explicit consent separately or possibly during the ordering process: Sign up for our newsletter

Your consent can be revoked at any time with effect for the future. If you do not want to receive the newsletter any longer, you can unsubscribe as follows: By a log-out link in the newsletter

Sect. 8 Information 

Under the _Bundesdatenschutzgesetz_ ( _BDSG_ , Federal Privacy Act) you have the right to obtain information on the data stored about you and the right to correct, block or delete this data. Questions can be sent to the following e-mail address, for instance: info@iphoria.com
