> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iphone6papers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150607065031id_/http%3A//iphone6papers.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# iPhone6papers - Privacy Policy

When you browse through any website, certain personal information about you can be collected. We automatically collect and temporarily store the following information about your visit: the date and time of your visit; the pages you visited; and the address of the website from which you came. We use this information for statistical purposes and to help us make our site more useful to visitors. Unless it is specifically stated otherwise, no additional information is collected about you.

Portions of the Papers.co use Google Analytics, a web metrics service of Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are commonly used text files stored in your browser, to help analyze how users use the site. This cookie information (including your IP address and the Marquette web pages you visit) will be collected by Google and stored on Google servers. Google will use this information to help Marquette understand and evaluate your use of the website. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Papers.co does not require you provide to personal information to visit our website; however, you may choose to provide us with personal information through an e-mail message, form, survey, etc. This information is used only to fulfill the stated purpose of your communication and/or participation.
