> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the x10.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141223031118id_/http%3A//www.x10.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy X10

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which X10.com collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the X10.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by X10.com.

  
**Personal Identification Information**   
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifying information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.

  
**Non-Personal Identification Information**   
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, IP address, search query, type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.

  
**Web Browser Cookies**   
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. The User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. The User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If a User does so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.

  
**How We Use Collected Information**   
X10.com may collect and use a User's personal information for the following purposes:  
_To improve customer service_   
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.  
_To personalize user experience_   
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.  
_To improve our Site_   
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.  
_To process payments_   
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.  
_To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature_   
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.  
_To send periodic emails_   
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If a User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.

  
**How We Protect Your Information**   
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over an SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site, powered by Magento, is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.

  
**Sharing Your Personal Information**   
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. From time to time, we may use agents or contractors who will have access to your personal information to perform services for us (such as database/website maintenance & marketing); however, they are required by us to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services for X10.com. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.

  
**Internet Advertising**   
We use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise X10.com across the Internet. AdWords remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the X10.com website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. This cookie does not identify you or give Google or us access to your computer. The cookie essentially states, “This User visited this web page, so show this User ads related to that webpage.” Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to each User. [Learn more](https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/cookies/) about Google’s use of cookies.

  
**Opting Out of Remarketing and Advertising**   
If you do not wish to participate in our Google AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out by visiting [Google’s Ads Preferences Manager](https://www.google.com/settings/ads). You can also opt out of any third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting [www.networkadvertising.org/choices/](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/)

  
**Third Party Websites**   
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.

  
**Advertising**   
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement and to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

  
**Compliance with Children's Online Privacy Protection Act**   
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.

  
**Changes to This Privacy Policy**   
X10.com has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

  
**Your Acceptance of These Terms**   
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

  
**Contacting Us**   
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:

  * X10.com
  * Phone: 888-384-0969
  * Email: info@X10.com



Privacy Policy last updated on 9/29/2014.
