> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nt2099.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-03-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010309120244id_/http%3A//www.nt2099.com/ABOUT_US/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AsianCelebrity.net - Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**

AsianCelebrity.net and other services may require you to supply personal information, including your name, e-mail address, physical address and/or other data that enables the recipient to personally identify you during the registration process for subscription to the site or services offered in this site. However, AsianCelebrity.net does not obligate you to supply other personally identifiable information.

Personal information gathered from you will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without your approval at the time of collection. At such points of collection, you will have the opportunity to indicate whether or not you want to receive promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from AsianCelebrity.net and/or any third parties.

Further, notwithstanding your decision on promotional information, AsianCelebrity.net reserves the right to contact you regarding account status, changes to the agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.

AsianCelebrity.net reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior in order to measure relative interest in and use of the site and to inform advertisers of such information, as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or "clicked" on their advertising banners. In performance of these statistical analyses, AsianCelebrity.net shall disclose information to third parties only in aggregate form.

Moreover, you should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personal information, such as user name and e-mail address, on the bulletin board, that information (along with any substantive information disclosed in the user's communication) can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of AsianCelebrity.net.

Following registration, AsianCelebrity.net or our third-party services may employ "cookies" to recognize a subscriber and his or her access privileges on the site and to track site usage. "Cookies" are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a user's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. You should be aware that AsianCelebrity.net cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties.

**ASIANCELEBRITY.NET is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of Linked Sites. **

AsianCelebrity.net reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying you of a new privacy statement. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the privacy statements.  
