> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stick.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171129231814id_/http%3A//www.stick.tv/modal/terms_privacy%3Ftab%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# None

## **StickTV privacy policy**

### Last Modified: Oct 24, 2012

This Privacy Policy provides our policies and procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your information. Users can access the StickTV service (the “Service”) through our website www.StickTV.net, applications on Devices, through APIs, and through third-parties. A “Device” is any computer used to access the StickTV Service, including without limitation a desktop, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or other consumer electronic device. This Privacy Policy governs your access of the StickTV Service, regardless of how you access it, and by using our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy. All of the different forms of data, content, and information described below are collectively referred to as “information.” **Ⅰ. Information Sharing and Disclosure** \- Your Use. We will display your Personal Information in your profile page and elsewhere on the Service according to the preferences you set in your account. Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want others to know about you. Please consider carefully what information you disclose in your profile page and your desired level of anonymity. You can review and revise your profile information at any time. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We may also share or disclose your information with your consent, for example if you use a third party application to access your account . Through certain features of the Service, you may also have the ability to make some of your information public. Public information may be broadly and quickly disseminated. \- Third-Party Applications. We may share your information with a third party application with your consent, for example when you choose to access our Services through such an application. We are not responsible for what those parties do with your information, so you should make sure you trust the application and that it has a privacy policy acceptable to you. \- Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests; Protection of StickTV's Rights. We may disclose to parties outside StickTV files stored in your StickTV and information about you that we collect when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with a law, regulation or compulsory legal request; (b) protect the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of StickTV or its users; or (d) to protect StickTV’s property rights. If we provide your StickTV files to a law enforcement agency as set forth above, we will remove StickTV’s encryption from the files before providing them to law enforcement. However, StickTV will not be able to decrypt any files that you encrypted prior to storing them on StickTV. \- Business Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction, but we will notify you (for example, via email and/or a prominent notice on our website) of any change in control or use of your Personal Information or Files, or if either become subject to a different Privacy Policy. We will also notify you of choices you may have regarding the information. \- Non-private or Non-Personal Information. We may disclose your non-private, aggregated, or otherwise non-personal information, such as usage statistics of our Service. **Ⅱ. The Information We Collect And Store** We may collect and store the following information when running the StickTV Service: \- Information You Provide. When you register an account, we collect some personal information, such as your name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home and business postal addresses. You may also ask us to import your contacts by giving us access to your third party services (for example, your email account) or to use your social networking information if you give us access to your account on social network connection services. When you invite others to join StickTV by using our referral page, we send them a one-time email for that referral. You may also provide us with your contacts’ email addresses when sharing files with them. We may also receive Personal Information (for example, your email address) through other users, for example if they have tried to share something with you or tried to refer StickTV to you. \- Files. We collect and store the files you upload, download, or access with the StickTV Service (“Files”). If you add a file to your StickTV that has been previously uploaded by you or another user, we may associate all or a portion of the previous file with your account rather than storing a duplicate. \- Log Data. When you use the Service, we automatically record information from your Device, its software, and your activity using the Services. This may include the Device’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, the web page visited before you came to our website, information you search for on our website, locale preferences, identification numbers associated with your Devices, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, system configuration information, metadata concerning your Files, and other interactions with the Service. -Cookies. We also use “cookies” to collect information and improve our Services. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your Device. We may use “persistent cookies” to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Service. We may use “session ID cookies” to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of the Service. **Ⅲ. How We Use Personal Information** \- Personal Information. In the course of using the Service, we may collect personal information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information is or may be used: (i) to provide and improve our Service, (ii) to administer your use of the Service, (iii) to better understand your needs and interests, (iv) to personalize and improve your experience, and (v) to provide or offer software updates and product announcements. If you no longer wish to receive communications from us, please follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in any of those communications. **Ⅳ. Data Retention** We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, you may delete your account. We may retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your information quickly upon request. Please note, however, that there might be latency in deleting information from our servers and acked-up versions might exist after deletion. In addition, we do not delete from our servers files that you have in common with other users. **Ⅴ. Changing or Deleting Your Information** If you are a registered user, you may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information provided in your registration or account profile by changing your “account settings.” If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may update or delete it by making the change on your settings. In some cases we may retain copies of your information if required by law. For questions about your Personal Information on our Service, please contact support@StickTV.net . We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days. **Ⅵ. Our Policy Toward Children** Our Services are not directed to persons under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@StickTV.net . If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will take steps to delete such information from our files. **Ⅶ. Security** We follow generally accepted standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website. **Ⅷ. Contacting Us** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@StickTV.net or 1055 via Cordova San Pedro can 90732 **Ⅸ. Changes to our Privacy Policy** This Privacy Policy may change sometimes. If we make a change to this privacy policy that we believe materially reduces your rights, we will provide you with notice (for example, by email). And we may provide notice of changes in other circumstances as well. By continuing to use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. 
