> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stihl.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161228185442id_/http%3A//www.stihl.com/imprint-privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Imprint & Privacy Policy of the STIHL Website | STIHL

Thank you for visiting our website. We at ANDREAS STIHL AG & Co. KG appreciate your interest in our company and our products. Privacy is not an empty word for us, and we take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We handle your data with due care, treat it as confidential and use it only in accordance with the applicable data protection laws and regulations.

**Personal data**  
When you visit our website, we automatically record the name of your internet service provider, the website from which you visit us, the pages of our website you actually visit and the date and length of your visit as well as information about the equipment (brand, model, operating system) and the internet browser you have used. We also collect your IP address, but with the last four digits anonymised.

**Use of cookies**  
On various pages of our website, we use cookies in order to make our website more attractive to visitors and to enable the use of certain functions. Cookies are small data files that are stored on your terminal equipment. Some of the cookies we use are deleted at the end of the browser session, i.e. as soon as you close your browser (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your computer and allow us or our partner companies to recognise your computer on your next visit (so-called permanent cookies).

Cookies cannot be used to access other files on your computer or to reveal your email address.

Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies automatically. If you use your browser's default settings, all processes will be running quietly in the background. Nevertheless, you can change your settings at any time.

You can set your browser to inform you every time before storing cookies and decide on a case-by-case basis, whether to accept them. You can also limit the acceptance of cookies to certain cases or block the acceptance of cookies altogether.

However, without cookies, the features of some websites - including ours - will not function properly, as these files are used in processes, e.g. to manage wish lists.

**Newsletters and the ordering of printed materials**  
If you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on our website, we require a valid email address from you. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. When you order printed materials, we require personal data from you in order to process your request correctly. Filling out these forms is completely optional. We will only use your data to the extent necessary to fulfil the purpose it was collected for. Where necessary, your data may be disclosed within the STIHL Group.

**Protection of personal data**  
ANDREAS STIHL AG & Co. KG uses technical and organisational measures to protect your data against accidental modification, loss, unauthorised access or unauthorised disclosure.

**Website analysis using Google Analytics**  
This website uses Google Analytics, a website analysis service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", i.e. text files saved to your computer and facilitate an analysis of the way you use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website is usually transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

If IP anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. IP anonymisation has been enabled on this website. This means that Google will truncate your IP address within member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there.

Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet use.

The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

You can prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) and its processing by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in provided under the following link: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.

You can find more detailed information on the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy at <https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html> or at <https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en>.

**DoubleClick by Google**  
DoubleClick by Google is operated by Google Inc.,1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, US ("Google"). DoubleClick uses cookies to display ads based on your interests. DoubleClick creates a pseudonym identification number (ID) for your browser, which it uses to check which ads have been displayed in your browser and which ads have been accessed. The cookies do not contain any information that could be traced back to you. The use of the DoubleClick cookies enables Google and its partner websites to display ads based on past visits to our or other websites. The information gathered by these cookies is transmitted by Google to a server in the US for analysis and stored there. Google does not transmit data to third parties unless required to do so by law or where the data is being processed by third parties on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your data with any other data held by Google.

By using our websites, you consent to the processing of data collected about you by Google in the manner described above and for the aforementioned purpose. You can prevent cookies from being stored on your computer by setting your browser not to accept cookies. Please note that if you if you do this, some features of the website may no longer function properly. For more information about the privacy policy of DoubleClick please visit: <https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/>.

Furthermore, you can prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie about your use of the websites and its processing by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in provided under the following link: <https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin?hl=en>.

**Google Tag Manager**  
Google Tag Manager is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, US ("Google") and can be used to create, update and manage tags.

Tags are snippets of code on our website, which are used i.a. to measure traffic and visitor behaviour and to detect the impact of online advertising and social channels.

When you visit our website, the current tag configuration is sent to the end-user's browser with instructions for which tags should fire. The tool itself does not collect any personally identifiable information. The tool instructs other tags to fire, and these other tags may collect data. For more information on how Google Tag Manager works please visit: [https://support.google.com/tagmanager/answer/2772432?hl=en&topic=2574304&ctx=topic](https://support.google.com/tagmanager/answer/2772432?hl=en&topic=2574304&ctx=topic) and the use policy: <https://www.google.com/analytics/tag-manager/use-policy/>.

**Social media and social plugins**  
We also provide comprehensive individual support via our pages on social media. If you make a query through one of these social media sites, we will forward your query on to the relevant department. The data will be used solely for the purpose of responding to your query and will not be disclosed to third parties. If you wish to contact us through social media sites, you must be logged into your respective accounts. The companies that operate these services may collect, store and use personal data for this purpose. We have no control over the nature, scope and the processing of this data.

**Sharing content via social networks with Shariff**  
We use "Shariff", a solution by Heise, to embed the social plugins from Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and Instagram with sharing function ("Share", "+1", "Camera"/"share", "camera icon").

Shariff prevents your IP address from being transmitted to social network providers. Instead of your IP address, only the server address is transmitted, and your personal data is therefore not disclosed to third parties.

**Use of Facebook plugins**  
Our website uses social plugins (“plugins”) provided by the social network Facebook, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, US (“Facebook”). You can find an overview of the Facebook plugins and their appearance here: <https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins?locale=en_US>.  
If you access a page on our website that contains this social plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection with Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is then transmitted by Facebook directly to your browser and embedded into the page. By integrating the plugin, Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed a particular page on our website, even if you do not have a Facebook account, or you are currently not logged into Facebook. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted by your browser directly to a Facebook server in the US and stored there. If you are logged into Facebook, Facebook can link the visit to our website directly to your Facebook account. If you interact using the plugins, for example, e.g. by writing a comment, this information is also transmitted directly to a server of the relevant provider and stored there. The information is also posted on your Facebook profile and displayed to your Facebook friends. Please note that we as the website providers do not receive any information about the content of the transmitted data or its use by Facebook. For more information on the purpose and scope of collection, further processing and the use of data by Facebook as well as your rights and the options available to protect your privacy, please refer to the privacy policy of Facebook: <http://www.facebook.com/policy.php>.  
If you do not want Facebook to associate the data collected on our website directly with your Facebook account, you must log out from Facebook before visiting our website. You can also prevent the loading of Facebook plugins completely, e.g. by using the "Facebook Blocker" (<http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/>).

**Use of Google+ and YouTube plugins**  
Our website uses further social plugins ("plugins") from the social network Google+ and YouTube. Both services are operated by Google Inc.,1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, US ("Google"). You can find an overview of the Google+ plugins and their appearance here: <https://developers.google.com/+/plugins>.

If you access a page on our website that contains such a plugin, your browser will establish a direct connection with Google servers. The content of the plugin is then transmitted by Google directly to your browser and embedded into the page. By integrating the plugin, Google receives the information that your browser has accessed a particular page on our website, even if you do not have a Google+/YouTube account or you are currently not logged into Google+/YouTube. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted by your browser directly to a Google server in the US and stored there.

If you are logged into Google+, Google can link your visit to our website to your Google+ account. Please note that we as the website providers do not receive any information about the content of the transmitted data or its use by Google. For more information on the purpose and scope of collection, further processing and the use of data by Google as well as your rights and the options available to protect your privacy, please refer to the respective privacy policies of Google: <https://www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/privacy/>.

If you do not want Google to associate the data collected on our website directly with your Google+/YouTube account, you must log out from Google+/YouTube before visiting our website. You can also prevent the loading of Google plugins completely e.g. by using the "NoScript" script blocker (<http://noscript.net/>).

**Use of Twitter plugins**  
Our website uses further social plugins ("plugins") from the Twitter micro-blogging service, which is operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, US ("Twitter"). You can find an overview of the Twitter plugins and their appearance here: <https://twitter.com/about/resources/buttons>.  
If you access a page on our website that contains such a social plugin, your browser will establish a direct connection with Twitter servers. The content of the plugin is then transmitted by Twitter directly to your browser and embedded into the page. By integrating the plugin, Twitter receives the information that your browser has accessed a particular page on our website, even if you do not have a Twitter account, or you are currently not logged into Twitter. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted by your browser directly to a Twitter server in the US and stored there. If you are logged into Twitter, Twitter can link your visit to our website to your Twitter account. The information will also be published on your Twitter account and displayed to your contacts there. Please note that we as the website providers do not receive any information about the content of the transmitted data or its use by Twitter. For more information on the purpose and scope of collection, further processing and use of data by Twitter as well as your rights and the options available to protect your privacy, please refer to the Twitter privacy policy. <https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en>. If you do not want Twitter to associate the data collected on our website directly with your Twitter account, you must log out from Twitter before visiting our website. You can also prevent the loading of Twitter plugins completely e.g. by using the "NoScript" script blocker (<http://noscript.net/>).

**Use of AddThis plugins**  
Our website uses so-called social plugins ("plugins") from the bookmarking service AddThis, operated by AddThis LLC, Inc. 8000 Westpark Drive, Suite 625, McLean, VA 2210, US ("AddThis"). The plugins usually display the AddThis logo in the form of a white plus sign on an orange background. You can find an overview of the AddThis plugins and their appearance here: <https://www.addthis.com/get/>.

If you access a page on our website that contains this social plugin, your browser will establish a direct connection with AddThis servers. The content of the plugin is then transmitted by AddThis directly to your browser and embedded into the page. By integrating the plugin, AddThis receives the information that your browser has accessed a particular page on our website, and stores a cookie to identify your browser on your terminal equipment. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted by your browser directly to an AddThis server in the US and stored there. AddThis uses the data to create anonymised user profiles, which serves as a basis for a personalised and interest-based advertising address for visitors of websites with AddThis plugins.

Please note that we as the website providers do not receive any information about the content of the transmitted data or its use by AddThis. For more information on the purpose and scope of collection, further processing and use of data by AddThis, please refer to the privacy policy of AddThis: <http://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy>.

If you wish to opt out from the collection of data by AddThis in future, you can set a so-called opt-out cookie, which you can download here: <http://www.addthis.com/privacy/opt-out>.

You can also prevent the loading of AddThis plugins completely e.g. by using the "NoScript" script blocker (<http://noscript.net/>).

**Right to information and the right to revoke your consent**  
You may revoke your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time by simply sending an email with "Privacy" in the subject line to [info@stihl.de](mailto:info@stihl.de). We will then perform all the necessary steps to ensure that your request is fulfilled, and your data will be deleted. You have the right to receive free information about the personal data we store on you upon request. In addition, you are entitled under the applicable laws and regulations to have your personal data corrected, erased or blocked. Should your personal data change or if the data we store on you is no longer correct for whatever reason, we would be happy to correct this. All you have to do is to send an email with the word "Privacy" in the subject line to [info@stihl.de](mailto:info@stihl.de).

If you require further information about data protection and the privacy policy of ANDREAS STIHL AG & Co. KG, we will be happy to assist you. Simply send us your query via email with the word "Privacy" in the subject line to [info@stihl.de](mailto:info@stihl.de).
