> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stimulsoft.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191016123145id_/https%3A//www.stimulsoft.com/de/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Stimulsoft

Welcome to the Privacy Policy of Stimulsoft. On this page you will find information about our policies with respect to Personal Information and Anonymous Information that is collected through Stimulsoft's websites when you use our products or services, or otherwise interact with us (for example, by attending our events), unless a different policy is displayed. Please visit this page frequently to learn of any changes to our Privacy Statement.

This Privacy Policy also explains your choices about how we use information about you. Your choices include how you can object to certain uses of information about you and how you can access and update certain information about you. If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our services or interact with any other aspect of our business.

We collect information about you when you input it into the services or otherwise provide it directly to us.

We collect information about you when you register for an account on the website at [https://auth.stimulsoft.com](https://auth.stimulsoft.com/) or after installing the product in the report designer, create or modify your profile, set preferences, sign-up for or make purchases through our online store. For example, you provide your contact information and, in some cases, billing information when you register for the services. You also have the option of adding a display name, email address, company name and company address and other details to your profile information to be displayed in our services. We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the services.

Under the services we mean the Stimulsoft products you use, where we collect and store content that you post, send, receive, attach and share. This content includes any information about you that you may choose to include.  
For example, the content includes the summary and description added to a ZenDesk issue, the pages you create in Stimulsoft Cloud [https://cloud.stimulsoft.com](https://cloud.stimulsoft.com/), the messages you exchange in Skype, Telegram, Live Chat, Forums at [https://forum.stimulsoft.com](https://forum.stimulsoft.com/) and [https://forumru.stimulsoft.com](https://forumru.stimulsoft.com/), and any feedback you provide to us. Content also includes the files and links you upload to the services.

The services also include our websites owned or operated by us. We collect other content that you submit to these websites, which include social media or social networking websites operated by us. For example, you provide content to us when you provide feedback or when you participate in any interactive features, surveys, contests, promotions, activities or events.

The services also include our customer support, where you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with a service. Whether you designate yourself as a technical contact, open a support ticket, speak to one of our representatives directly or otherwise engage with our support team, you will be asked to provide contact information, a summary of the problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue.

We collect certain payment and billing information when you register for certain paid services. We ask you to put contact name and contact email address, phone number, Skype ID, company name and company address, company tax ID’s. You might also provide payment information, such as payment card and bank details, which we collect via secure payment processing services. We never process credit cards by ourselves even if the credit card details were provided by you.

We collect information about you when you use our services, including browsing our websites and taking certain actions within the services.

We collect certain information about you when you visit and interact with any of our services. This information includes the tools you use; the links you click on; the type, frequently used search terms; and how you interact with others on the services. We also collect information about the teams and people you work with and how you work with them, like who you collaborate with and communicate with most frequently. If you use Stimulsoft Cloud, the information we collect about your use of the services is limited to whether you created reports or not, or whether you store reports in our Cloud storage or not.

We collect information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other devices you use to access the services. This device information includes your connection type and settings when you install, access, update, or use our services. We also collect information through your device about your Media Access Control (MAC) address, operating system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and crash data. We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better service experience. How much of this information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the services. Server and data center service administrators can disable collection of this information via the administrator settings or prevent this information from being shared with us by blocking transmission at the local network level.

Stimulsoft and our third-party partners, such as our advertising and analytics partners, use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g., web beacons, device identifiers and pixels) to provide functionality and to recognize you across different services and devices. Stimulsoft visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Stimulsoft's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Stimulsoft's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

We receive information about you from other service users, from third-party services, resellers, and from our business and channel partners.

Other users of our services may provide information about you when they submit content through the services. For example, you or your contact details may be mentioned in a Zendesk ticket opened by someone else or mentioned by a reseller and a potential client. Similarly, a manager may provide your contact information when they designate you as the billing or technical contact on your company's account.

We work with a global network of partners who provide consulting, translation, training and other services around our products. Some of these partners also help us to market and promote our products, generate leads for us, and resell our products. We receive information from these partners, such as billing information, billing and technical contact information, company name, company address, email, contact person name, Stimulsoft product names you have purchased or may be interested in, evaluation information you have provided, what events you have attended.

We receive information about you and your activities on and off the services from third-party partners, such as advertising and market research partners who provide us with information about your interest in and engagement with, our services and online advertisements.

We use data hosting service providers in the United States to host the information we collect, and we use technical measures to secure your data.

While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that data, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others.

How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, as described in further detail below. After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible. You may delete the account created at [https://auth.stimulsoft.com](https://auth.stimulsoft.com/) or from the report designer by yourself. Deletion will remove your name, email address and other information from our storage.

We retain your account information for as long as your account is active and a reasonable period thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the services. We also retain some of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to support business operations, and to continue to develop and improve our services. Where we retain information for service improvement and development, we take steps to eliminate information that directly identifies you, and we only use the information to uncover collective insights about the use of our services, not to specifically analyze personal characteristics about you.

If the services are made available to you through an organization (e.g., your employer), we retain your information as long as required by the Owner of your account.

If you have agreed to receive marketing emails from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your Stimulsoft account. We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.

You have the right to request the deletion or restriction of your information. Below, we describe the processes for making these requests. You can exercise some of the choices by logging into your account at [https://auth.stimulsoft.com](https://auth.stimulsoft.com/) and using settings available. The account can be administered by you (personal account) or by the Owner (organization account). If this is your personal account you may administer it by yourself. If your account is associated with the organization account then you should request the Owner of the account to modify your information. For all other requests, you may contact us by email [info@stimulsoft.com](mailto:info@stimulsoft.com).

Our services give you the ability to access and update certain information about you from within the service. For example, you can access your profile information from your account at [https://auth.stimulsoft.com](https://auth.stimulsoft.com/) and update your profile information within your profile settings.

Our services give you the ability to delete information about you from within the service. You can remove content that contains information about you. Please note, however, that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations.

In some cases, you may ask us to stop accessing, storing, using and otherwise processing your information where you believe we don't have the appropriate rights to do so. For example, if you believe a services account was created for you without your permission or you are no longer an active user, you can request that we delete your account as provided in this policy. Where you gave us consent to use your information for a limited purpose, you can contact us to withdraw that consent, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place at the time. You can also opt-out of our use of your information for marketing purposes by contacting us, as provided below. When you make such requests, we may need time to investigate and facilitate your request. If there is delay or dispute as to whether we have the right to continue using your information, we will restrict any further use of your information until the request is honored or the dispute is resolved, provided your administrator does not object (where applicable). If you object to information about you being shared with a third-party app, please disable the app or contact your administrator to do so.

We may contact you with information about product announcements, software updates, and special offers. We also may want to contact you with information about products and services from our business partners. You may opt out of such communications at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link found within Stimulsoft emails and changing your contact preferences. All Stimulsoft account holders will continue to receive transactional messages related to our services, even if you unsubscribe from promotional emails.

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Stimulsoft uses cookies and similar technologies, including tracking pixels and web beacons, to collect usage and analytic data that helps us provide our services to you, as well as to help deliver ads for relevant Stimulsoft products and services to you when you visit certain pages on the website and then visit certain third-party sites. Stimulsoft visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Stimulsoft's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Stimulsoft 's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

We collect information globally and primarily store that information in the United States. We transfer, process and store your information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you the services. Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it.

To facilitate our global operations, we transfer information to United States and allow access to that information from countries in which the Stimulsoft owned or operated companies have operations for the purposes described in this policy. These countries may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the laws of many of the countries where our customers and users are based. When we share information about you within and among Stimulsoft corporate affiliates, we make use of standard contractual data protection clauses, which have been approved by the European Commission, and we rely on the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S.

Some of the third parties described in this privacy policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we share information of customers in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, we make use of the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, European Commission-approved standard contractual data protection clauses, binding corporate rules for transfers to data processors, or other appropriate legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer.

Our products are mostly used by organizations where the services are made available to you through an organization, that organization is the Owner of the services and is responsible for the accounts and/or service sites over which it has control. If this is the case, please direct your data privacy questions to your Owner, as your use of the services is subject to that organization's policies. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of an Owner's organization, which may be different than this policy.

Owners are able to require you to reset your account password; restrict, suspend or terminate your access to the services; access information in and about your account; access or retain information stored as part of your account; delete your account and create the new one; restrict, suspend or terminate your account access; change the email address associated with your account; change your information, including profile information; restrict your ability to edit, restrict, modify or delete information.

When you are a licensed customer, registered an account on our forums or in the report designer we may request the password from your account. We may need this only when we need to fix an issue with activating the product, or you cannot login and access your account. We may also request to reset your password for the same purposes.

Our services are available only to individuals who are at least 16 years old. We do not collect personal information from children under 16. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact our support services at [info@stimulsoft.com](mailto:info@stimulsoft.com).

Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will attempt to provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes).

* * *

Your information is controlled by Stimulsoft CHP. If you have questions or concerns about how your information is handled, please direct your inquiry to Stimulsoft CHP. 

Stimulsoft CHP  
25-25 M. Gorkogo  
Vitebsk, BY 210000, Belarus  
[info@stimulsoft.com](mailto:info@stimulsoft.com)  
+375-29-2125706
