> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stingfeed.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-11-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151129215039id_/http%3A//www.stingfeed.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | StingFeed

**Privacy Policy**  
stingfeed.com is committed to protecting your privacy. stingfeed.com currently collects no personal information about who visits our site. stingfeed.com uses a hit service that shows information such as which internet service visitors are using, their screen resolutions, browser types, etc. but in no way does this reveal the name, email address, or any specific information whatsoever about the site’s visitors.

**Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements:**

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.

**Will stingfeed.com disclose collected information to outside parties?**

stingfeed.com may eventually disclose the aforementioned GENERAL information about visitors – information that does NOT identify who you are. We may disclose answers to questions such as: during what time periods do we receive the most visitors, what is the most common browser version of our visitors, what are the most popular internet services our visitors use, etc. We will never release contact details of any registered users of our website. The last thing we want is “spam” reaching our visitors.

**Your Consent:**

By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by stingfeed.com. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. But, now and forever we put your privacy first before any other concerns. We will never sell lists of email addresses from this site. We respect the privacy of our visitors.

Fund, bringing the county’s total contingency contributions to about $99 million one of the highest in the nation, Warden has said. About $40 million is set aside specifically for oil and gas fluctuation and disasters such as the recent flood. Weld commissioners touted the fact that the county continues to have no short or long term debt and no sales tax, and the mill levy will remain unchanged, at 16.8 mills. Commissioners said they had hoped to lower the mill levy for next year, but the county’s up front costs for flood repair prevented them from doing so. Warden said the total for flood infrastructure repairs could come to $20 million, although Weld County will eventually be reimbursed for 75 [cheap michael kors store](http://www.cheapmichaelkorsstore.com/) percent of those costs by FEMA and another 12.5 percent by the state, leaving the cost to the county at $2.5 million. "It is very gratifying to sit here and pass this budget in (light) of the challenges we have faced" with the flood, said Weld County Commissioner Sean Conway. Weld Commissioner Barbara Kirkmeyer said she is proud of how the county handled its [replica cheap Michael Kors](http://replicacheapmichaelkors.com/) flood response, opening all closed roads by Nov. 1 with money to spare. "I [cheap gucci shoes](http://www.cheapguccisale.com/) think it’s pretty phenomenal, where we are at  
connect with Loved Ones with Dementia Re connect with Loved Ones with Dementia Dementia causes confusion, isolation and subsequently frustration, fear and lower self esteem, affecting both the individual and personal relationships. One of the best approaches is to re connect loved [Michael Kors outlet](http://replicacheapmichaelkors.com/) ones and validate one’s self worth. The Validation Method is a powerful technique and philosophy coupling empathetic listening with effective questions to help those individuals express their concerns and emotions. This builds trust, reduces anxiety and restores dignity. Here are a few helpful [Christian Louboutin Replica](http://www.replicachristianlouboutinstore.com/) Validation tips when engaging with your loved one: Focus on your loved one: look into his or her eyes, take note of the emotion and step into his or [cheap Michael kors](http://fakemichaelkorsshop.com/) her world. There are times to be a cheerleader this is not one of them. Approach [cheap michael kors handbags](http://replicacheapmichaelkors.com/) him or her from the [cheap michael kors](http://www.cheapmichaelkors.cc/) front, maintaining eye contact at or below eye level and using his [Michael Kors handbag outlet](http://newpatternoutletmichaelkorhandbag.com/) or her name. This establishes a connection and shows respect and empathy. Ask open ended, broad questions to understand and explore your loved one’s concerns. Begin with Who, What, Where, When and How while listening for the emotions behind the words shared and body language used. Avoid asking Why as it requires a reasonable, logical explanation and likely will frustrate or even offend him or her. Paraphrase what was shared with the same emotion to demonstrate you are listening and understand. Even if tempted, do not offer advice or instructions. Rather, ask your loved one what he or she thinks should be done. This helps promote self worth and boost self esteem. Accept what is shared without judgment, even if troublesome. Re focus on what your loved one may be feeling or struggling to express. Remember: this may not be reality, but it’s his or her perception now. Use welcomed closeness and a nurturing touch, taking your loved one’s lead as to what is comfortable. Physical connections can relax barriers. [wholesale fake handbags](http://www.wholesalehandbagsstoresale.com/) Bring your visit to a definitive end. Always thank him or her and state when you will return. This builds trusting, meaningful relationships. While your loved one may not fully understand you cognitively, he or she connects with you emotionally.  
Articles Connexes：



