> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the javahelps.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161127061623id_/http%3A//www.javahelps.com/p/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

At JavaHelps.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by JavaHelps.com and how it is used.

Other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through JavaHelps.com have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.

**Log Files**

Like many other Web sites, JavaHelps.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.

**Cookies**

JavaHelps.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.

The services that either do or may uses cookies on this site are:

  * Google Analytics for analytics
  * Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and YouTube for social interaction
  * Google Adsense
  * Disqus for commenting
  * YouTube, Vimeo, Vine and Instagram embeds



**DoubleClick DART Cookie**  
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on JavaHelps.com. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to JavaHelps.com and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting [Ads Settings](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/).

JavaHelps.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers like Google.

> **_You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings._**  
>  However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs.

**Terms:**  
**_Cookie_**  
A cookie is a piece of information in the form of a very small text file that is placed on an internet user's hard drive. It is generated by a web page server, which is basically the computer that operates a web site.

**_The DoubleClick Cookie_**  
The DoubleClick cookie is used by Google in the ads served on the websites of its partners, such as websites displaying AdSense ads or participating in Google certified ad networks. When users visit a partner's website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user's browser.

If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to [Contact Us](http://www.javahelps.com/p/contact-us.html).
