> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the goldenchennai.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160626213118id_/http%3A//www.goldenchennai.com/chennai/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Golden Chennai | Privacy Policy

At Golden Chennai, we are keenly aware of the trust you place in us and our responsibility to protect your privacy. As part of this responsibility, we let you know what information we collect when you use our products and services, why we collect it and how we use it to improve your experience. Golden Chennai Privacy Policy describes how we treat personal information when you use Golden Chennai’s products and services. At Golden Chennai we recognize that privacy is important. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by Golden Chennai or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write to us at   
Privacy Matters   
c/o Golden Chennai, #20/61, First Floor, Thirumalai raja puran, Avadi Chennai - 600 054 India. 

Information we collect and how we use it - We offer a number of services that do not require you to register for an account or provide any personal information to us, such as Golden Chennai Search. In order to provide our full range of services, we may collect the following types of information: Information you provide – When you sign up for a Golden Chennai Account or other Golden Chennai service or promotion that requires registration, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address and an account password) We may combine the information you submit under your account with information from other Golden Chennai services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services. For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information. Cookies – When you visit Golden Chennai, we send one or more cookies – a small file containing a string of characters – to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences. 

Log information – When you access Golden Chennai services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website.   
These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your   
request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. User communications – When you send email or other communications to Golden Chennai, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. Gadgets – Golden Chennai may make available third party applications through its services. The information collected by Golden Chennai when you enable a gadget or other application is processed under this Privacy Policy. Information collected by the application or gadget provider is governed by their privacy policies. Other sites – This Privacy Policy applies to Golden Chennai services only. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results, sites that include Golden Chennai applications, products or services, or links from within our various services. These other sites may place   
their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. 

Golden Chennai only processes personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In addition to the above, such purposes include: Providing our services, including the display of customized content and advertising Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services; Ensuring the technical functioning of our network; Protecting the rights or property of Golden Chennai or our users; and Developing new services. 

Golden Chennai processes personal information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries. In some cases, we process personal information on a server outside your own country. We may process personal information to provide our own services. In some cases, we may process personal information on behalf of and according to the instructions of a third party, such as our advertising partners. Choices for personal information When you sign up for a particular service that requires registration, we ask you to provide personal information. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use. If we propose to use personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of the use of personal information for those other purposes. We will not collect or use sensitive information for purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy, unless we have obtained your prior consent. 

Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Golden Chennai features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. Golden Chennai uses the Googles DoubleClick advertising cookie. You can decline to submit personal information to any of our services, in which case Golden Chennai may not be able to provide those services to you. 

Information sharing - Golden Chennai only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Golden Chennai in the following limited circumstances: We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.   
We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Golden Chennai, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.   
If Golden Chennai becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transactions and provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. 

We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, -for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually. Information security -   
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. We restrict access to personal information to Golden Chennai employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. 

Data integrity - Golden Chennai processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy   
. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services or as otherwise permitted under this Policy. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.   
Accessing and updating personal information When you use Golden Chennai services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is   
inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. 

Enforcement - Golden Chennai regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Golden Chennai’s treatment of personal information by contacting us through this web site or by writing to us at 

Privacy Matters   
c/o Golden Chennai, #20/61, First Floor, Thirumalai raja puran, Avadi Chennai - 600 054 India. 

When we receive formal written complaints at this address, it is Golden Chennai’s policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between Golden Chennai and an individual. 

Changes to this Privacy Policy - Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. It is your responsibility to check this privacy policy regularly. 
