> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the goldderby.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130327120541id_/http%3A//www.goldderby.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Goldderby.com

This policy covers how we treat personally identifiable information and other information that we collect, store, and receive, including information related to your use of our products and services. Personally identifiable information is information about you such as your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available. Please note this policy applies only to information collected by Gold Derby online and does not impact information collected or obtained by Gold Derby or its affiliates through other means. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Gold Derby does not control.

**How we gather information from users.**  
How we collect and store information depends on the page you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided. You can visit many pages on our site without providing any information. Other pages may prompt you to provide information, such as when you register for access to portions of our site, sign up for membership, request certain features (e.g., newsletters, updates, and other products), or make a purchase. You may also provide information when you participate in sweepstakes or contests, voting and polling activities, and other interactive areas of our site. Gold Derby may combine information that we collect with information we obtain from third parties and affiliates.

Like most Web sites, Gold Derby also collects and stores information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider, your IP address, and information provided by and about your Internet browser. We may also use "cookie" technology. Among other things, we may use cookies or other tracking technology for the purposes of storing your user name and password, to spare you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit, or to control the advertising you see on our site. Moreover, we may collect and store data concerning the pages on the site that you view, as you navigate to various pages on our site. Because we are aware of the content appearing on the pages that you view, it is possible that we will be able to make relatively accurate assumptions about your interests and preferecnes from this navigational information that we collect. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means.

In certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information, for example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but doing so may limit your ability to access certain portions of the site or may require you to re-enter your user name and password, if applicable. Additionally, we may not be able to customize the site's features according to your preferences. Finally, information you post to public areas of the site is not private, and such information is not covered by this policy. Do not post personal information to public areas of the site unless you intend to make that information public.

**What we do with the information we collect.**  
We collect information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content and advertising. For example, we may use personally identifiable information collected on Gold Derby to communicate with you regarding our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, products and services offered by Gold Derby , our affiliates and partners, or third-party advertisers or contractors; to administer sweepstakes and contests; to process e-commerce transactions; to attribute content that you make available through the Web site; to contact you about your content; to customize the advertising and content you see, including the display of targeted and contextual advertisements; for the purpose for which the information was collected; to process and respond to inquiries; to improve the content and navigability of the Web site; to alert you to new Web site features, special events, products and services; to generate anonymous and/or aggregated reporting; to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Web site; or to engage you in any other topics or matters we think you might find of interest. We may also use the navigational information we collect and store on your viewing habits, along with any additional information you supply to us, to supply you with services you request or to modify advertising or site content that you view in order to enhance your visit (e.g., we may tailor content or advertisements to better suit your interests or needs). We reserve the right to share this information with our affiliates; with agents who may provide services or communicate with you on our behalf; and with third-party advertisers and/or contractors with which Gold Derby or an Affiliate have a relationship. This policy does not apply to any Affiliate's, third-party advertisers', or third-party contractors' use of such information.

Personally identifiable information collected by Gold Derby may also be used for other purposes including but not limited to site administration and troubleshooting. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service or ad serving services, for example), or who provide email management, third-party content, billing, processing, shipping, promotions management or other services also may access such information.

Gold Derby may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected by Gold Derby or through the site, so that the information does not identify you. As one example, we may combine information about your navigation or usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to learn which pages are visited most or what features on our site are most attractive. We may use aggregated and/or anonymized information, and may disclose it to Affiliates and third parties, without limitation.

**Information sharing and disclosure.**  
We may rent, sell, or share personally identifiable information about you with non-Affiliated companies in order to provide services or products that you have requested, when we have your permission, or as described in this policy, including under the circumstances provided below. Please note that we may not provide you with any notice prior to the types of disclosures listed below. We may share your information with any Affiliate or our agents who may provide services or communicate with you on our behalf. We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims. We may disclose your information when we believe it necessary or desirable in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations or our Terms of Service, and/or to protect our rights and property. We may also share your information, whether aggregated and/or anonymized or not, with any third-party advertisers and/or contractors with which Gold Derby or an Affiliate may have a relationship. As we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.

**How we protect information.**  
Gold Derby attempts to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information. Our servers are protected by reasonable physical and electronic security measures.

**Opting Out**  
The quality content and information on Gold Derby is supported by advertising revenue, and a controlled program of email marketing is an important element of our online publishing business. Like other Web publishers, we sometimes permit our advertising and promotional partners or other third parties to email you about services, features, products, special offers and unique content we believe might interest you. If you prefer not to receive email communications sent directly from our advertisers or promotional partners, you will be given an opportunity to decline before you provide us information we might use for this purpose. If you decline at the time you provide us such information, we will not share the Personally Identifiable Information you provide with non-Affiliated advertisers for such purposes, though we may send you information on their behalf. You may also change your email preferences by logging into your profile, if applicable.

**Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements**

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see [**this link**](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

Gold Derby expects its partners, advertisers and third-party contractors to respect the privacy of our users. However, third parties, including our partners, advertisers, Affiliates and other content providers accessible through our site, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to our site you may link to, or view as part of a frame on a Gold Derby page, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also, through Gold Derby you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, Web sites, advertisements, or features offered by other parties. Gold Derby is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party. While on our site, our advertisers, promotional partners, service providers, or other third parties may use cookies or other technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information about you. For example, some of our advertising is served by third parties and may include cookies that enable the advertiser to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before. Through features available on our site, third parties may use cookies or other technology to gather information. Gold Derby does not control the use of this technology or the resulting information and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. We use persistent and session cookies to analyze and enhance your experience on the site, and we use third-party technology to serve advertisements to you. The data that is collected is generally the property of Gold Derby , not the third party. We also allow third parties called ad networks or ad servers to serve ads to you on Gold Derby , and to access their own cookies on your computer. Gold Derby does not have access to the cookies that may be placed on your computer by third-party ad technology, ad servers or ad networks, and use of cookies by third parties is subject to their privacy policies and not this policy.Gold Derby maintains relationships with a number of third-party networks, including without limitation Doubleclick and Tacoda. Those parties that use cookies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. Should you choose to voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information on our site, such as in message boards, chat areas or in advertising or notices you post, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of Gold Derby and this policy.

**Contact us**  
We can be reached by email: GoldDerby@gmail.com

**Your California Privacy Rights**  
If you are a California resident, you are entitled to prevent sharing of your personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes through a cost-free means. If you send a request to the address above, Gold Derby will provide you with a California Customer Choice Notice that you may use to opt-out of such information sharing. To receive this notice, submit a written request to the address above under the "Contact us" section, specifying that you seek your "California Customer Choice Notice." Please allow at least thirty (30) days for a response.

**Changes to this policy**  
Gold Derby  reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes.
