> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the goldline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190327111301id_/https%3A//www.goldline.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Goldline Buy Gold and Silver at Goldline

Information Use and Disclosure. 

  1. Internal Use. We use your personal information to process your order, provide requested information and provide you with customer service. We may internally use your personal information to improve the Sites' content and layout, to improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts (including marketing our services and products to you), and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the Site.
  2. Communications with You. We will use your personal information to communicate with you about the Site and your orders, requests for information and deliveries. Also, we may send you a confirmation email when you register or order with us. We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary (for example, if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance.) Also, you may submit your email address for reasons such as sign up for email news alerts and special offers or to request free information about acquiring precious metals. If you submit your email address, we use it to deliver the information to you. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails (see the opt out section below for more details). Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of receiving emails related to your orders.
  3. External Use. We share the information we collect from and about you within the Company, which includes affiliates of Goldline, including parents, subsidiaries and companies in which we, a parent and/or subsidiary have an ownership interest or other relationship. Additionally, 
    1. Goldline may contact you at the phone number and email you provide for marketing and other reasons, including possibly using automated technology and text messaging.  You are not required to consent in order to purchase as you can always call us directly.
    2. As do many retailers, we sometimes use third parties to perform specific functions on our behalf. When we disclose information to these service providers, we disclose information to help them to perform their service. For example, in order to deliver products to you, we must share some information. We work with third parties (such as the U.S. Postal Service, UPS®, and FedEx®) to ship products, to ensure delivery, and so that we can obtain feedback, improve the quality of our service, and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party. In the example of shippers, we provide them with some personal information such as your name, shipping address, email, and phone number. We also disclose personal information to third parties who perform marketing or marketing research on our behalf. We generally require entities with which we share your nonpublic personal information, including companies that process or service transactions for us, to agree to keep your information confidential. We also generally prohibit them from using or disclosing your information except for the limited purpose and to the persons for whom disclosure was intended, or as otherwise permitted by law.
    3. Similarly, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors.
    4. We may disclose personal information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations; subpoenas; a court order; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law. We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect ourselves or others. For example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud.
    5. We may share personal information (names, addresses, emails addresses and telephone numbers) to a limited number of unaffiliated third parties whose products or services may be of interest to you and who have their own privacy policy in place. Additionally, we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or we might dispose of some or all of our assets. If that happens, your personal information may be disclosed or transferred to another company.
    6. We may share non-personal information (such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date) with third parties such as advertising partners. This information does not directly personally identify you or any user.
    7. We may update and supplement personal information that we have collected directly from our customers with other information that we obtain from third parties. This may include information regarding demographics, income estimations, households and marital status. In addition, we may obtain personal information about individuals who are not yet users of our Web sites or customers of Goldline. When we associate information that we obtain from third parties with personal information that we have collected under this Privacy Policy, we will treat the acquired information like the information that we collected ourselves and, except as permitted by this Privacy Policy, the information will not be shared with third parties. We purchase marketing data from third parties and add it to our existing user database, to better target our advertising and to provide pertinent offers in which we think you would be interested. To enrich our profiles of individual customers, we tie this information to the personal information they have provided to us.
    8. Finally, we may take your personal information and make it non-personally identifiable, either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), or by removing characteristics (such as your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you (de-personalizing your information). Given the nature of this information, there are no restrictions under this Privacy Policy upon the right of Goldline to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information, and Goldline may use and/or share with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information in any way.



#### DATA SECURITY

The security and confidentiality of your information is important to us. We have implemented certain technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to help protect customer information from unauthorized access and improper use. This is an ongoing process and, from time to time, we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware that, despite a company's best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.

The Site incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") for all financial transactions through the Site. We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online, and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities. Personal information may be printed or otherwise stored in a non-electronic form. Employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are permitted access to your personal information. Finally, we may rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware. We believe that their security procedures are adequate. For example, when you visit the Site, you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment, behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall.

**Goldline does not guarantee complete security either online or offline.**

#### GOOGLE ANALYTICS PRIVACY POLICY

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, LLC ("Google®") to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personal information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the [Google Analytics Terms of Use](http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html) and the [Google Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html). You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by [disabling cookies](http://www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml) on your browser.

#### OPT OUT/CORRECTIONS

Upon your request, we will correct/update your personal contact information; however, certain contact information such as names and addresses cannot be deleted.  Additionally, you can request to unsubscribe to emails by using the resources at customer information section of the Site [/goldline-contact-information](https://web.archive.org/goldline-contact-information), by telephoning Goldline at 800-963-9798, by emailing your request to [info@goldline.com](emailto:info@goldline.com), or by using the “unsubscribe” link found within our marketing emails. Please do not email your credit-card information or any other sensitive information.

Goldline does not maintain a process for an individual consumer who uses or visits its commercial Website or online service to review and request changes to any of his or her personal information that is collected through the Website or online service.

Please do not email your credit-card number or other sensitive information.

#### MONITORING/RECORDING OF TELEPHONE CALLS

You understand and agree that each and every telephone conversation between you and Goldline - whether you place a call to Goldline or whether any Goldline representative calls you - is subject to monitoring and/or recording. You hereby agree and consent to have your calls with any Goldline representative monitored and/or recorded without further notice or the requirement of additional consent or agreement from you. You consent to monitoring and/or recording of your telephone conversations with any Goldline representative by appropriate Goldline personnel and authorized outside third-party monitors. You acknowledge that you do not have a reasonable expectation of privacy during any of your telephone conversations with any Goldline representative. You further understand and agree, with respect to the potential monitoring and/or recording of all of your telephone calls, that you expressly waive the right to assert at any time that any conversations between you and any Goldline representative are or were confidential or private. Goldline does not guarantee that any recordings of any particular telephone calls will be retained or be capable of being retrieved. Goldline is not obligated to record or monitor telephone conversations with you but can, in its sole discretion, choose to do so and permit appropriate third-party monitors to do so on Goldline's behalf. Goldline monitors and records telephone conversations with its customers for quality control and for Goldline's protection. At the same time, unless otherwise agreed by Goldline's management in writing, Goldline does not consent to the recording of telephone conversations by you or by any other party on your behalf. This Site is intended for individuals 18 years of age and older.

#### OFFLINE COLLECTION, USE & DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION

Goldline also collects information offline where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information. When someone communicates with Goldline offline, we will ask for the personal information we need in order to place the order, to answer a question, to create a Goldline client account or otherwise respond to an inquiry. When we need to store information (such as order information), we will enter it into our customer database(s). There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline (for example, when we receive wire instructions, checks or correspondence), and this Policy does not discuss or try to predict all of those methods or the use that will be made of such information. Goldline will, as appropriate and practicable, treat offline collection, uses, and disclosures of customer personal information consistently with our relevant online practices.

You should know that we generally use personal information collected offline in a similar manner to how we use personal information which is collected online, as outlined above.

#### UPDATES TO THIS POLICY

If we change or update this Privacy Policy, we will post changes and updates on the Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, use and disclose. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated. If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, please contact us at 877-346-2646 or email us at [info@goldline.com](emailto:info@goldline.com).

#### YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Goldline who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to [info@goldline.com](emailto:info@goldline.com) or write us:

  * WDIG CA Privacy Rights Goldline, Inc 11835 W. Olympic Blvd Suite 500 Los Angeles, CA 90064



**Last updated:** January 24, 2019.
