> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the goldenmine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190611195635id_/https%3A//www.goldenmine.com/g/Privacy-Policy/136.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# GoldenMine.com: Privacy Policy

GoldenMine.com has created this Policy in order to clearly communicate our commitment to your privacy. This Policy is applicable to this GoldenMine.com website and any other website or online communications facilities owned or operated by GoldenMine.com. GoldenMine.com reserves the right to change this Policy at any time. Using our website demonstrates your consent to GoldenMine.com's collection and use of information pursuant to this Policy, and continued use of this site following the posting of changes to this Policy will signify your acceptance of such changes. This Policy governs the use of your name, e-mail address, payment information, and similar personal information that you may provide GoldenMine.com in the course of using our website, products or services. 

**GoldenMine.com Collects Personal Information. ** We collect personal information in order to provide certain products and services to its customers. For example, if you: 

  * Place a product order, GoldenMine.com will collect and use your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card information;
  * Request promotional items, GoldenMine.com will collect and use your name and address, or e-mail address;
  * Post information on any of our interactive areas, GoldenMine.com will collect information from you in order to e-mail you major updates about GoldenMine.com, the products and services;
  * Sign-up for the GoldenMine.com mailing list, GoldenMine.com will collect information from you in order to facilitate the publishing of that mailing list; and
  * Send our link to friends through our website, GoldenMine.com will collect the information from you in order to facilitate the transmission of the e-mail.



Information that you submit about yourself may be used by GoldenMine.com to provide you requested services, communicate with you about GoldenMine.com products, improve your online experience, or support our continuing efforts to offer you the information and services you want most. Currently, we do not share, sell, trade, or rent your specific information with non-affiliated companies or organizations outside of GoldenMine.com without your permission. We reserve the right to do so in the future, however. Trusted third-parties that assist us in operating our website may have access to your information and yet are required to keep them confidential. GoldenMine.com does provide aggregate statistics and information about our sales, traffic patterns and related site information to third parties. We also reserve the right to share aggregate statistical data of which your personal information is a part, as well as your specific personal information sometime in the future. You are responsible for checking this Policy periodically to monitor any changes to our data sharing practices.

In addition, GoldenMine.com may, and you hereby authorize us to, disclose your personal information when required to do so by law, when GoldenMine.com, in its sole discretion believes that you are in violation of our Terms of Service Agreement, or when you violate any state or federal laws, or GoldenMine.com in its sole discretion deems it necessary or appropriate to protect the personal safety of other users of GoldenMine.com services or to protect the rights or property of GoldenMine.com.

**GoldenMine.com 's E-mail Announcements and Newsletters.** GoldenMine.com uses e-mail to send announcements regarding new products, services, and/or promotions, and informational newsletters. Announcements via email are on an opt-in basis only. By posting material on any of our interactive areas, you are opting in to receiving these e-mail announcements. You can choose to unsubscribe to GoldenMine.com e-mail at any time by sending an email to unsubscribe@GoldenMine.com. GoldenMine.com will also send replies to customer e-mail via e-mail. Finally, if you have sent a request to GoldenMine.com about which we need to communicate with you, we may do so by e-mail.

**Security is a Top Concern.** We use thawte SSL123 Certificate to offer secure communications and encrypts sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, when placing an order in our website. Although GoldenMine.com carefully selects its third party service providers, advertisers and other affiliates, is sensitive to the privacy and security of your personal information, and intends to safeguard such information, GoldenMine.com and any such third parties cannot guarantee absolute security for such information. Such information may be transmitted through or using the Internet, other public telecommunications networks, servers, hardware and software ("systems") that are not owned, operated, or controlled by GoldenMine.com, and GoldenMine.com makes no assurances that such information will remain private when transmitted by GoldenMine.com through such systems. Although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications are impenetrable to hackers.

**GoldenMine.com Uses Cookies.** GoldenMine.com collects certain information about how website visitors and users use the GoldenMine.com website by using technology called "cookies", which are bits of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies can enhance your online experience by automatically saving your preferences. We use cookies because they help us to provide you a better online experience. The information we collect through the use of cookies does allow GoldenMine.com to know when and for how long you logged on to the GoldenMine.com website, so that we can try to understand how to better serve your needs. If you object to the use of cookies for any reason, you may set your Internet browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it. If, however, you decline to receive cookies, you may have difficulty in using certain features of this site. We and third-party vendors, including yet not limited to Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to inform, optimize, and serve relevant ads across the internet, such as remarketing ads, based on someone's past visits to our website. If you would like to stop remarketing ads from showing up, change your browswer's tracking settings to tell sites that you do not want to be tracked. You can also visit [www.networkadvertising.org/choices/](https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) to opt-out of third-party vendor's cookie usage.

**GoldenMine.com 's Interactive Areas.** GoldenMine.com is not Liable for Information Posted in Interactive Areas. GoldenMine.com provides interactive areas such as discussion forums to enhance the user experience and build a healthy community around our website's products and services. You acknowledge that should you participate in such interactive areas, the information you voluntarily post about yourself and third parties in such areas might be accessed, collected and used by third parties outside of GoldenMine.com. DO NOT POST ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION SUCH AS YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS IN OUR PUBLIC AREAS. In addition, you may not post any defamatory, obscene, slanderous, or otherwise illegal material, or any material which infringes any third-party copyrights or other intellectual property rights on any interactive areas. Violators will be subject to termination of accounts and possible legal action. Although GoldenMine.com employs advanced security technology, it cannot guarantee complete security in personal websites or password-protected areas, and GoldenMine.com will not be held liable for any user's or other visitor's disclosure of personal information on GoldenMine.com or any other website operated by GoldenMine.com.

**Minors.** GoldenMine.com and its services are not directed to minors. We actively seek to dissuade registration from persons under 13 and do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from them. If you are under 13 years of age, you should not be using our service.

**Disputes.** GoldenMine.com Privacy Policy disputes are handled by its customer service team with the highest concern for your privacy.

**GoldenMine.com Links.** GoldenMine.com may contain links to websites not owned or controlled by GoldenMine.com. GoldenMine.com is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any such sites. For other Terms of Service applicable to this site, please review the Terms of Service Agreement by [clicking here](https://www.goldenmine.com/g/Terms-and-Conditions-of-Use/135.html).

**A Special Note about Children.** Children are not eligible to use our services, and GoldenMine.com asks that minors (under the age of 13) do not submit any personal information to GoldenMine.com. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parents or legal guardians.

This site is owned and operated by GoldenMine.com., 606 S. Hill St., Suite 409, Los Angeles, California 90014. For further information about GoldenMine.com or the GoldenMine.com website, please visit the "Contact Us" section of the Site, or click [here](https://www.goldenmine.com/contactus/). You may have this same information sent to you by e-mail by sending a letter to legal@GoldenMine.com with your e-mail address and a request for this information.
