> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the middleeastmonitor.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161030082731id_/https%3A//www.middleeastmonitor.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Middle East Monitor

We at the Middle East Monitor (MEMO) promote the principles of disclosure and informed consent. We want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy and have detailed our information practices below.

## 1\. Introduction

The purpose of this policy is to explain how we collect, protect, manage, and use personal data. MEMO is committed to ensuring that any personal data supplied by our readers and supporters, or is otherwise generated by our activities is collected and processed fairly and lawfully.

## 2\. What types of data do we collect?

We collect two types of data online and offline:

  * Personal data, which will generally include your name, address and email address
  * Statistical data, which are anonymous data about how our website or social media presence is used



## 3\. How do we obtain these data?

We collect data primarily through three methods:

  * Directly from you, when you complete an online/offline form (generally these will be Personal Data)
  * By analysing the network utilised by our website (these will generally be Statistical Data)
  * By analysing the number and frequency of our social media interactions (these will generally be Statistical Data)
  * Through the use of cookies



**3.1 Use of Cookies**  
On our website, we collect some data through the use of cookies. Below are the types of cookies used by our website:

  * Essential Cookies: These are required for the proper functioning of the website. These cookies do not collect any Personal Data, and cannot be opted-out of.
  * Analytics Cookies: These help us analyse how visitors utilise our website, how often they visit the website and what pages of our website are popular. Some of these cookies are third-party cookies, but do not collect any Personal Data. You can opt-out from the use of these cookies by following the instructions [here](http://www.aboutcookies.org/).
  * Social Media Cookies: These cookies enable you to easily share our content on your online social media networks. These are all third-party cookies, but do not collect any Personal Data. These cookies are created when you select to share content from our website through the social media icons on the page, or when the commenting function is loaded on a page. Please note that MEMO does not have access to your login details of the social networks you use to share/comment on our content.
  * Performance Cookies: These cookies perform a various set of performance related functions, primarily aimed at improving your experience of our site. While the data from these cookies are not themselves recorded by us, the cookies help remember your name and email address, for example, when using the Comments facility on our site.



## 4\. How do we use the data we collect?

**4.1 Personal Data**  
Personal data is used by us to deliver our service, including and not limited to, sending you regular email updates, sending you letters or books, registering you for one of events and responding to your enquiry.

**4.2 Statistical Data**  
Statistical data is used to help us improve our website and digital communications (social media, newsletter, etc), and to help us predict future trends.

## 5\. Do we share Personal Data?

As a general rule, we do not disclose any personal data to unaffiliated third parties except where your consent has been obtained, where we may be under an obligation by law to disclose the data or where we have contracted with third parties to assist in providing our services such as for delivery (digital and postal), ticketing at events and other support services.  
We do not share any data with third-party marketers to contact you on our behalf.

## 6\. How do we protect the Personal Data we hold?

Here at MEMO, we take confidentiality and security very seriously. We have implemented appropriate internal security procedures that restrict access to and disclosure of personal data within the organisation. These procedures will be reviewed from time to time to determine whether they are being complied with and are effective.  
We will also actively investigate and, as required, cooperate with law enforcement agencies any allegations of abuse or violation of system or network security.

## 7\. Your Rights

The law in certain jurisdictions (including countries within the European Economic Area) gives individuals whose personal data is held by us specific rights to access and rectify the data. These include the right to:

  * obtain from us, for a prescribed fee (currently £10 per reasonable request), confirmation that personal data is held, as well as a written description of such personal data, the purpose(s) for which it is being used, the source(s) of the personal data and details of any third-party recipients;
  * request the deletion or rectification of personal data which is inaccurate; and
  * to object to any unsolicited information sent to you by us.



## 8\. Contact Details

If you wish to contact us regarding the personal data held we hold about you or have any other question about our data privacy procedures, please [use the details on this page](https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/contact-us).

## 9\. Policy Updates

As part of our commitment to compliance with data privacy requirements, and to reflect changes in our operating procedures, we may update the terms of this policy from time to time and will post the revised policy directly on our website.  
This is revision 1.02, published 04/05/2013.
