> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the phoneclaim.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131222152732id_/http%3A//www.asurion.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Asurion - Your Technology Protection Company - Privacy Policy

### ASURION.COM PRIVACY POLICY

##### Effective Date: July 7, 2013.

**General Information:** [www.Asurion.com](http://www.asurion.com/) (the “Site”) is a website that is operated by Asurion, LLC (“Asurion”).  Asurion respects the privacy of visitors who use the Site.  This Privacy Policy describes how Asurion treats Your use of the Site, including the handling of Your personal information.  Asurion reserves the right to revise or update this Privacy Policy at any time, and You agree to be bound by those revisions or updates.  Asurion will notify You of any changes to the Privacy Policy by posting the revised or updated Privacy Policy and its Effective Date on the Site.  Your use of the Site thereafter constitutes Your agreement to and acceptance of the Privacy Policy and its revisions or updates.  You should periodically read the Privacy Policy to learn of any revisions or updates.  If You do not agree to any terms of the Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.

**INFORMATION COLLECTION:** Asurion may share both Your personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information with its affiliates, subsidiaries, partners and other third parties, such as third parties who help operate the Site and its related databases.

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information:** Asurion gathers certain broad, non-personally identifiable information (“Non-PII”) about use of the Site, including the number of unique visitors to the Site, the frequency with which they visit the Site and the services preferred by those visitors on the Site. Asurion looks at the data regarding use of the Site in summary form, rather than on an individual basis. Asurion gathers this Non-PII data so it can learn, for example, which pages of the Site are the most and least viewed by visitors and which third-party websites are referring visitors to the Site. The Non-PII data helps Asurion determine the extent to which visitors use certain parts of the Site and allows Asurion to tailor the Site in the future.  In connection with these activities, Asurion may use the following standard technologies to collect information:

  * **Cookies:** A cookie is a small, removable data file that is stored by Your web browser on Your computer. Asurion uses cookies to, among other things, identify Your computer during a particular visit to the Site and analyze Your behavior during a particular visit. Asurion does not store personal or sensitive information in cookies. Most Web browsers provide You with the ability to accept or decline cookies, as well as to be warned each time a cookie is being sent. If You choose to decline cookies, however, You may not be able to take advantage of all aspects of the Site.
  * **Pixel Tags:** Pixel tags, also known as beacons or clear GIFs, help Asurion better manage content on the Site by informing it of what content is effective. Pixel tags are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, pixel tags are embedded invisibly on Web pages.
  * **IP Addresses:** Asurion collects and analyzes traffic on the Site by keeping track of the IP addresses of its visitors. An IP address is the unique numeric identifier assigned to each computer browser accessing the Internet. An IP address, by itself, cannot identify You personally. However, when combined with other information provided by Your Internet service provider, Your IP address can be used to identify the computer originating a message.



**Personally Identifiable Information:** Certain areas of the Site require You to provide personal information to Asurion. The Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) that Asurion collects may include Your name, phone number, e-mail address, username, password, claim ID, date of log-in, any details provided by You explaining circumstances under which You are requesting assistance or information from Asurion, or similar information. By submitting PII to Asurion, You agree that Asurion may use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If You do submit PII to Asurion, Asurion may share that information with third parties, in addition to using that information for the purposes for which it was submitted by You. Asurion may also use Your PII in other ways, such as to provide You with information about products and offers that may be of interest to You, to seek follow-up from You about Your experiences with Asurion or as otherwise disclosed to You at the point of collection. Asurion may share Your PII with its affiliates, subsidiaries and partners and with other third parties for similar purposes. Additionally, to the extent required by applicable federal or state law, Asurion will provide Your PII to others. By submitting PII to Asurion, You give Asurion permission to receive it, review it, edit it, store it and use it in appropriate ways and settings.

**PROTECTION OF PII:** Asurion uses commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain the confidentiality of Your PII. Asurion will take appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect Your PII against: (1) accidental or unlawful destruction; (b) accidental loss; and (c) unauthorized alteration, disclosure or access. However, no security systems are impenetrable, and Asurion cannot guarantee the security of the Site or its databases, nor can Asurion guarantee that the information that You supply to Asurion will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet.

**SHARING OF PII AND NON-PII:** For the purpose of operating its business, Asurion may transfer PII and Non-PII to service providers who use that information only to provide services to Asurion. For example, service providers may handle e-mail distribution, market research, information analysis and promotions management on behalf of Asurion. Asurion may also share PII and Non-PII in order to administer a Site feature. Asurion provides its service providers with the information they need to perform their services and works with them to protect Your information. In order to better understand Your preferences and better serve You, Asurion may combine information that it receives from You with information that it has or that it receives from other sources, transactions and communications. This may include information from the Site, as well as information from Asurion’s contractors, direct mailings, events or other marketing efforts. Asurion also may combine the information that it receives from You with data that is publicly available and data that it receives from other reputable sources.

**LEGAL AUTHORITIES:** Asurion reserves the right to share PII that You provide to Asurion with legal authorities if it is, in the sole opinion of Asurion, necessary to investigate, prevent or otherwise take action regarding suspected fraud, situations involving threats or potential harm or if otherwise required by law (such as by a subpoena, court order or other legal means). In the event that Asurion reasonably believes that You have violated any of the terms or policies governing Your use of the Site, Asurion reserves the right to use any information it has collected about You in connection with any efforts it makes or are made by any agents on its behalf.

**TRANSFER OF PII AND NON-PII:** Asurion may transfer to or share Your PII and any Non-PII with an affiliate or third party as part of a transfer of business assets. Such a transfer would be within the scope of this Privacy Policy so long as the affiliate or third party agrees to continue to maintain use and storage of Your PII in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**THIRD PARTY SITES:** The Site may contain links to other websites, including websites operated by third parties. Please be aware that those websites may collect PII from or about You and Non-PII about Your visit. You should review the privacy policies that are posted on any website that You visit, before using the website and providing PII to the website. Asurion is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any websites that may be mentioned on, or accessible from, the Site.

**ONLINE ADVERTISEMENTS:** Asurion works with other companies that use tracking technologies to serve ads on its behalf across the Internet. Those companies may collect Non-PII about Your visits to the Site and Your interaction with Asurion’s communications, including advertisements. Our advertising partners may use cookies and pixel tags on the Site and on third party websites on which Asurion advertisements appear, which allows those partners to track certain information about user behavior, such as “click stream data.” Any use of information by an advertising partner would be governed by their privacy policy, so You should become familiar with those policies prior to responding to online advertisements.

**SECURITY OF INFORMATION:** Information submitted via the Internet, including through a web page or e-mail is subject to interception or incorrect routing, and the Internet is not a fully secure communications channel. Please consider this prior to submitting any information to Asurion via the Site. While Asurion follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100 percent secure. Therefore, while Asurion strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your personal information, Asurion cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**INTERNATIONAL USERS:** The Site is operated, in whole or in part, from the United States. By using the Site, regardless of where You live in the world, You consent to have Your personal information transferred to and processed in the United States and to allow Asurion to use and collect Your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**CONTACT US:** If You have any questions about the Privacy Policy, You may contact Asurion by sending an email to [privacy@asurion.com](mailto:privacy@asurion.com?subject=Privacy%20Policy%20Inquiry%20From%20Asurion.com).
