> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the photobook.com.my privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081217061444id_/http%3A//www.photobook.com.my/%3Fs%3D1%26pg%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Photobook Malaysia | Privacy Policy

## Photobook Malaysia Privacy Policy

Welcome to the Photobook Malaysia website (herein referred to as the "Site" or "Website") provided by Nexace Sdn. Bhd. (herein referred to as "Photobook Malaysia", "Nexace", "we", "us" and "our", and their affiliates). By using our service, you accept and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Here, we are strongly committed to protecting your privacy, which includes the privacy of your digital photographs and your personal data you provide to us.

In providing you our service for producing the range of Photobook Malaysia products, you have to download our free [MyPhotobooks](https://web.archive.org/web/20081217061444id_/http%3A//www.photobook.com.my/%3Fs%3D1%26pg%3Dprivacy?pg=2myphotobooks) software, where we will require your name and a valid email address, and where an order is made, we will ask for relevant (compulsory) billing and delivery information. When sensitive information (login information, credit card number, expiration date) is provided, we encrypt this information using secure socket layer (SSL) technology. We do not store credit card information. Photobook Malaysia will not be liable for any losses you may suffer as a result of unauthorized use of your credit card by any other party.

Your personal data, including the digital pictures you voluntarily provide, will be used only for the purpose for which you have provided them, and they will not be shared or disclosed to third parties without your consent. You may also be asked to provide other optional information such as gender, contact numbers, camera makes, hobbies and etc. where submitting such information is entirely voluntary. Access to this data is limited to authorized Photobook Malaysia staff only. We may from time to time, use demographic data to tailor your experience at our website, or use this information to send you contents, announce new products and offers that we think might be relevant to you, based on the information you provided. We may also conduct surveys or promote contests. You may decline these mailings, or choose to opt out at any time, without sacrificing any rights to use or order any products and services offered by Photobook Malaysia.

Photobook Malaysia may however, reserves the right to disclose any relevant personal data in its sole discretion, with or without a warrant or court order from any law enforcement agencies, if we believe that the disclosure is necessary to protect ourselves, or our business in certain situations, where you: (a) are in violation of the Terms & Conditions governing this site; (b) have engaged, or are alleged to have engaged, in any activity purporting to infringe upon the intellectual property rights of another; or (c) have engaged, or are alleged to have engaged, in any other illegal conduct or activity. Photobook Malaysia also reserves the right to report any suspected illegal activity to such entities for investigation and prosecution.

To ensure your continued protection, Photobook Malaysia will periodically review this Privacy Policy, and reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to update or make modifications to the said policy from time to time. The date of modification will be reflected at the top right on this page. If you have a question regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us through our [Customer Support and Feedback](https://web.archive.org/web/20081217061444id_/http%3A//www.photobook.com.my/%3Fs%3D1%26pg%3Dprivacy?s=1&pg=3support) page.
