> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the photonicsonline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-10-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061015183633id_/http%3A//www.photonicsonline.com/content/Membership/privacy.asp%3FReturn%3Dhttp%3A//www.photonicsonline.com) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# M E M B E R S H I P R E G I S T R A T I O N

**PRIVACY STATEMENT**  
Your privacy on the Internet is important to us. Because we gather certain types of information about the users of VertMarkets' network of sites and services, we believe you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it. 

**Information Collection and Use**  
VertMarkets collects information from our users at several different points on our web sites. Wherever we collect personal information, we include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page. When you **register** with one of our sites or sign up to receive one of our newsletters, VertMarkets may ask for your contact information (such as your email address) and your demographic information (such as your zip code, industry, and job function). We use demographic information to tailor your experience at our web site, showing you content and advertisements that we think might interest you. Vert Markets may also ask for such information at other times, such as when you request information or when you decide to purchase products or services from VertMarkets and/or our customers and suppliers.  The information collected by VertMarkets may be used in a number of ways. For example, VertMarkets will share broad aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. An example would be where VertMarkets provides partners and advertisers with information about the percentage of men or women who visit our sites, or about the types of industries that users come from. VertMarkets' goal in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with the most personalized web experience possible and our advertisers with an efficient means to reach the right audience. By knowing a little about you, VertMarkets is able to deliver more relevant content and advertisements, and hence a better service, to you. 

**With whom does VertMarkets share my information?  
**If you are requesting assistance, product information, white papers, case studies or brochures, your contact information may be shared with the developer of the relevant product, content, or software. Some materials that are available for download on VertMarkets' sites, like white papers, product demonstrations, case studies, and product literature, are offered in conjunction with a partner company. This information is shared with the partner company so that they may provide you with the material you requested. 

**Promotion and Direct Mail**  
Our web sites provide you with the choice to receive promotional emails from VertMarkets and/or its partners. If you choose to receive promotional emails from VertMarkets and/or its partners, you will be giving VertMarkets permission to access your information on behalf of pre-screened third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. We will not share your information with our partners unless you have opted in to receive promotional emails from such partners. If you have chosen to receive such emails and later change your mind, you can remove yourself from this distribution list via a link in the communication or by unsubscribing at this site. VertMarkets and/or its partners may also send direct mailings to your postal address from time to time. If you do not want to receive direct mailings from Vert Markets and/or its partners, you can remove yourself from this distribution list by notifying us through the link set forth below. In addition to VertMarkets, agents working on behalf of VertMarkets under confidentiality agreements, and certain suppliers who are in contract with VertMarkets, may send you carefully selected e-mails or direct mailings about products and services that may be of interest to you. VertMarkets does not control or monitor the newsletter and/or direct mailings or product updates sent by these suppliers. **If you do not wish to receive the promotional e-mails or direct mailings set forth above, please[click here](https://web.archive.org/content/newsletter/optout.asp) to opt-out.**

**Career Center and Careermag.com**  
VertMarkets works with Artemis HR to bring you the career development portion of our online marketplaces and careermag.com. If you register for any of the services (excluding newsletter services provided by VertMarkets) offered on the career development portion of our online marketplaces or careermag.com, Artemis HR will receive your registration information in order to create your account and profile. Artemis HR shall maintain your personal information in accordance with Artemis HR's privacy policy. Please read their privacy policy posted at <http://www.careermag.com/MKT/Content/JS/default.asp?pg=privacy>. 

**Orders**  
If you make a purchase through our site, the information obtained during your visit to the site, and the information that you give, such as your credit card number and contact information, is used for billing purposes and to fill orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user. In addition, this contact information is provided to third party suppliers and/or fulfillment agents that service your orders and requests. Credit card information will be shared with third parties only as necessary in order to provide the products and services you order. Your  contact information may also be provided to the suppliers of content for free downloads of white papers, software or other resources from any VertMarkets websites. These third party suppliers, fulfillment agents and merchants have separate privacy and data collection practices, and VertMarkets has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. 

**Cookies**  
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information associated with the user. We use cookies to be reminded of who you are and to access your account information (stored on our computers) in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service. This cookie is set when you register. Cookies are used by VertMarkets on our sites to help VertMarkets track visits to and business at its stores and process the items in your shopping basket. Cookies are also used to estimate our audience size. Each browser accessing VertMarkets is given a unique cookie which is then used to determine repeat usage versus initial usage, and to help in targeting ads based on user interests. 

**Third Party Cookies**  
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser that does not contain any information about the user. 

**IP Addresses**  
We use IP addresses for purposes of system administration, and to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. 

**Links**  
This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that VertMarkets is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. 

**Tell an Associate**  
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's email address. VertMarkets will automatically send the friend an email inviting them to visit the site. 

**Security**  
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry -- SSL. We use secure servers to protect all of your personal information, including your name, address, email and credit card information. It is generally considered safer than giving your information over the phone. We process your credit card number over our secure server that is the industry standard. Whenever we transmit any credit card information, we use a completely secure transmission method. In order to further protect your personal information, we store your credit card number in a separate location from your registration information. 

**Site and Service Updates**  
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone. 

**Notification of Changes;** **Conflicts  
** If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  This page reflects the most up-to-date version of our privacy policy, and thus takes precedence over information provided in P3P documents and other documents. 

**Contact**  
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should contact us by email at [intellectualproperty@vertmarkets.com](mailto:intellectualproperty@vertmarkets.com); by phone at 215-675-1800; or by mail at 5 Walnut Grove, Horsham, PA 19044.
