> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the photoshop.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230065038id_/http%3A//www.adobe.com/misc/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Adobe - Online Privacy Policy

[](http://www.truste.org/ivalidate.php?companyName=Adobe%20Systems%20Incorporated&sealid=103)

Last updated on July 14, 2009. Significant changes are marked in red. 

Please note that the practices of Adobe Systems Incorporated, its affiliates, and agents ("Adobe"), with respect to data collected and used by Adobe in connection with this website and all other websites of Adobe with authorized links to this policy (collectively, the "Site") and Adobe products and services available or enabled via the Site ("Products and Services"), are governed by this online privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") as amended from time to time, and not the privacy policy in effect at the time the data was collected. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those Adobe sites, products and services that do not display or link to this Privacy Policy or that have their own privacy statements. Please regularly review our Privacy Policy. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the Site and the Products and Services enabled by the Site and follow the procedure described in the section entitled "Updating your personal information and privacy preferences." This Privacy Policy does not govern privacy practices associated with offline activities, websites other than the Site, or products and services not available or enabled via the Site, except as expressly set forth in the section entitled "Data not collected on this Site." To the extent that any terms of the Privacy Policy conflict with the terms of an existing written (including electronic) agreement between you and Adobe regarding the use of specific areas of the Site or specific Products and Services (including Product- and Service-specific licenses, terms of use, or privacy disclosures) (collectively, "Product Agreements"), the terms of the Product Agreements shall govern. 

Adobe is a licensee of the TRUSTe Web Privacy Seal Program. TRUSTe is an independent, nonprofit organization whose mission is to enable individuals and organizations to establish trusting relationships based on respect for personal identity and information by promoting the use of fair information practices. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through Adobe Sites that have been certified by TRUSTe. To view a complete list of certified Adobe Sites, please [click here](http://www.truste.org/ivalidate.php?companyName=Adobe%20Systems%20Incorporated&sealid=103) the TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from this Site or any of the Products and Services. TRUSTe has not certified any of the disclosures in this Privacy Policy that relate to the Products and Services. 

Adobe adheres to the European Union Safe Harbor principles as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information covered by the Privacy Policy from the European Union. 

The Site and the Products and Services are intended for adult audiences, and Adobe does not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. 

## Changes in Privacy Policy

All personal information ("personal information" is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify the person to whom such information pertains) that we collect and maintain will be subject to this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. Adobe may change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion and will provide notice of all changes in the Privacy Policy through indications on this Privacy Policy and in the footer of the web pages with authorized links to this Privacy Policy. If as the result of such changes you want to alter the ways in which Adobe is allowed to use your personal information, you can do so by following the procedure described in the section entitled "Updating your personal information and privacy preferences." You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, the changes to the Privacy Policy after such notice has been posted with the following exception: if at the time you provide personal information to Adobe you limit how such information will be used to communicate with you, either by Adobe or by third parties, Adobe will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent. However, if Adobe sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, or Adobe (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by or merged with another entity, you agree that Adobe may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without obtaining your further consent. Adobe will provide notice of such asset sales, acquisitions, or mergers on this Site. 

#### Entities collecting personal information

Personal information on this Site is collected on behalf of Adobe by Adobe Systems Incorporated, who is responsible for this Site. Adobe Systems Incorporated's address is 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704 USA, and its telephone number is +1 408-536-6000. 

The Site contains links to other sites at which personal information is collected. In such instances, unless expressly provided to the contrary, the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site. That privacy policy should identify the entity that is collecting your personal information. 

#### Updating your personal information and privacy preferences.

You have the right to access, correct and delete inaccuracies in your personal information and privacy preferences at any time. With respect to Registration Information (as defined in the section entitled "Protection of your personal information"), this may be accomplished by logging in to your account on the relevant Adobe website, where you can typically view and make changes to your personal information. You may also access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences (such as whether you wish to receive promotional communications) by writing Adobe at: 

Adobe Systems Incorporated  
Attn: Change of Address/Privacy  
343 Preston Street   
Ottawa, ON K1S 1N4   
Canada   


If you reside outside the United States, please [click here](https://web.archive.org/misc/pdfs/local_privacy_contacts.pdf) for contact information. 

Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us. Although no specific form is required to notify Adobe of changes to your address or privacy preferences, you may download a [change of address form (PDF, 48K)](https://web.archive.org/support/pdfs/chgofadd.pdf). 

Personal information submitted through this Site or in connection with the Products and Services that is not Registration Information is not accessible online. To access and/or correct such information and privacy preferences (such as whether you wish to receive promotional communications), you may write Adobe at: 

Adobe Systems Incorporated  
Privacy Officer/Customer Information  
Legal Department, A17  
345 Park Avenue  
San Jose, CA 95110-2704  
USA 

All users may also email: [privacy-officer@adobe.com](mailto:privacy-officer@adobe.com)

In your correspondence, please indicate with as much detail as possible the location on this Site or otherwise where you provided your personal information. You may expect a response within 30 days. For information submitted in connection with Products and Services, you may also follow instructions included or referenced within such Product and Service to access, correct or delete inaccuracies in the information. 

#### Collection of personal information

As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information. In connection with other activities, such as utilizing online or hosted Products and Services, Adobe may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting a form. It is optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, Adobe may ask that you provide certain personal information (as well as certain non-personal information that may be tied to personal information), such as your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code), country of residence, e-mail address, employer, job title and department, and telephone and facsimile numbers,. When ordering Products and Services via the Site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number and billing and shipping information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity. Similarly, if you wish to delete your information (pursuant to the mechanism set forth in "Updating your personal information and privacy preferences") that is mandatory, you will no longer be able to engage in that particular activity. 

When you use the Site and the Products and Services, Adobe may also collect certain information about your computer to facilitate, evaluate and verify your use of the Site and the Products and Services. For example, we may log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, referring or exit webpages, click patterns, Session ID (a unique identifier assigned to the browser in connection to the Site), and the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer. Adobe also uses such information to measure traffic patterns on the Site and usage of the Products and Services. We do not match such information with personal information held about you by Adobe unless we have your consent, except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. 

By using this Site and the Products and Services, you agree and acknowledge that personal information collected through the Site or in connection with the Products and Services may be transferred across national boundaries and stored and processed in any of the countries around the world in which Adobe maintains offices, including the United States. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted third party vendors or agents of Adobe such as credit card processors, shipping agents, web hosting providers, mail and email service providers,communication services, and web analytic providers, to help facilitate Adobe in providing certain functions.  Another instance where this could occur is in conjunction with framed pages in which the URL for the pages is not visible, and the pages are hosted for Adobe by such third party vendors. For example, on the sign up pages for some newsletters, the pages may be hosted by a third party vendor, but appear to be Adobe.com pages and they are therefore governed by this Privacy Policy.  Personal information may be shared with these providers to fulfill the service. Such third parties are bound by contract with Adobe not to use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties. 

Adobe has established relationships with various providers of services and products who are not part of Adobe and who may not themselves be providing products and services to Adobe or on Adobe's behalf ("Providers").  Providers do not include third parties contracted by Adobe to perform services on Adobe's behalf. The services of these Providers may be available to you from the Site, from websites that are linked to the Site, or in connection with the Products and Services. Typically, these Providers offer services that Adobe customers might find useful, such as those that can be used in conjunction with Products and Services. In order to use Providers' products and services, you may be required to provide personal information to the Providers or agree to allow Adobe to share your personal information with such Providers. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, personal information that you provide while you are visiting a Provider's website will be subject to the privacy policy posted on that site, and personal information that you provide while on the Site will be subject to this Privacy Policy. 

In order to reduce errors in our database, authenticate our users, prevent fraud and prevent abuse of our Site and the Products and Services, as well as to provide more consistent, relevant experiences to our users, we may on occasion supplement or correct the personal information you submit to us and your Internet Protocol (IP) address with information in our other databases or information from third-party sources. For example, if permitted under applicable law, we may supplement your Registration Information with address information provided by the U.S. Postal Service to qualify your information and prevent errors in our database. As permissible, we may also supplement the information you provide to us with demographic and other information (such as age or interest in photography) stored in third-party databases in order to make it more likely that marketing communications we send will be of interest to you. 

#### How your personal information is used

Adobe collects your information in order to record, support and facilitate your participation in the activities you select and to prevent fraud and unlawful use. If you subscribe to or register for Products and Services, for example, the information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users. As another example, if you enter a contest, information is collected to qualify the entry and to contact you regarding the contest or prize awards. Your personal information may also be used to track customer preferences to provide a customized Site experience and keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services of Adobe and selected Providers unless you have opted not to receive such communications or such communications are prohibited by law.  Adobe does not share personal information it receives from residents of California or from residents of any other place with such Providers for the Providers' own marketing purposes unless Adobe has received an opt-in from you. 

Adobe may collect information about the use of the Products and Services and the Site, such as the number of downloads, types of Services used, how many users we receive daily, Site pages visited, and the IP address of your computer. This information is generally collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually, although IP address and Session ID in relation to purchases and downloads may be tracked as part of Adobe's customer order review and fraud prevention efforts.  Other exceptions to this, where an individual may be identified individually, are noted in this Privacy Policy or in additional privacy terms connected to a specific Product, Service or website. 

Adobe may use aggregate, nonidentifying statistical data for improving the Site and the Products and Services, providing more relevant experiences to our customers and for statistical analysis. 

Certain Products and Services may require you to use the most current version of such Product and Service or are offered in conjunction with other Products and Services, which you may or may not have already downloaded. The Product and Service may automatically check to determine if you are using the most current version or have other Products and Services and through e-mail messages, pop-up boxes or similar mechanisms inform you if need to upgrade in order to use the Product and Service you have requested. During this process, an IP address identifying your computer and the Product and Service version may be sent to a Web server, but system profile information is not transmitted nor are cookies used to store information. 

#### Your choices with respect to personal information

Adobe recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on the Site and in connection with the Products and Services. Adobe will respect your legal rights regarding access to, and correction and deletion of, your personal information. Adobe may communicate information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from Adobe unless you have opted not to receive such communications or such communications are prohibited by law, although in such cases we may find it necessary to continue to communicate with you regarding your use of the Site and the Products and Services. In addition, you may receive communications and special offers from selected Providers (or from Adobe on behalf of such Providers), but only if you previously opted in to receive such communications. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, Adobe will not provide your name to other companies or organizations without your consent.  If you have opted to receive email communications from our selected Providers and later wish to discontinue receipt of these emails, please contact those third parties directly to update your preferences. 

There are other instances in which Adobe may divulge your personal information, such as when required by law, regulation, or litigation. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance. 

#### Protection of your personal information

The personal information that you provide in connection with registering yourself as a user of the Site or of the Products and Services is classified as Registration Information. Registration Information is protected in several ways. Access by you to your Registration Information is available through a password and unique customer ID selected by you. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. In addition, your Registration Information resides on secure servers that only selected Adobe personnel and contractors have access to via password. Adobe encrypts your personal information as it is transferred to Adobe and thereby strives to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information. 

Personal information that you provide that does not constitute Registration Information also resides on secure servers and is accessible only to selected Adobe personnel and contractors via password. Since this information is not accessible online by you, you will not be asked to select a password in order to view or modify such information. 

#### Community Sites

Please note that any information you post to a public bulletin board, blog or chat room (such as the Adobe User to User Forums) and to community help, wikis, cookbooks, personal sharing URLs (such as your_name_here.photoshop.com) and user profiles (the "Community Sites") is available to all persons accessing that location, and your e-mail address and other personal information or content you upload may also be posted on these Community Sites. The information you share, including your email address, would then be available to all persons accessing these Community Sites, and such information may be read, collected or used by others for any purpose, including sending you unsolicited messages. Adobe is not responsible for any information you elect to submit in these Community Sites or the use of such information. In addition, you should be aware that some Community Sites offer a service in which subscribers are e-mailed a copy of all messages posted to the Community Sites on a particular topic. Consequently, if you post a message to such Community Sites, your e-mail address will be sent to those subscribers who have indicated an interest in the topic of your message.  If you do not wish for your personal information to be posted or distributed in this manner, you should not participate in the Community Sites. 

#### Data not collected on this Site or in connection with the Products and Services

Personal information that is not collected on the Site or in connection with the Products and Services is not generally subject to this Privacy Policy. However, personal information submitted on physical product registration cards is classified as Registration Information and is subject to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy also covers licensee information (such as contact name and address) provided in connection with Adobe's volume licensing program. If you wish to access and/or correct such information, please see instructions for doing so in the section entitled "Updating your personal information and privacy preferences." 

#### Tracking, use of cookies, web beacons and similar devices

In order to improve our Products and Services and the Site and provide more convenient, relevant experiences to our customers, we and our vendors and agents may use "cookies," "web beacons," and similar devices to track your activities. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card and enables Adobe to record your passwords, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. A web beacon is a small transparent gif image that is embedded in an HTML page or email used to track when the page or email has been viewed. A similar device may be used by which a Product and Service may send data to a server when a set of user-initiated events occur such as the "Add to Cart" button is clicked. This device is similar to a cookie in that it tracks your visit and the data can only be read by the server that receives the data. It is different than a cookie in that it is not browser-based, may not function as an identification card, and does not store any data on your computer. 

While Adobe uses cookies and similar devices to track your use of the Site and the Products and Services (such as the number of downloads, types of Products and Services used and downloaded, how many users we receive daily, the Site pages visited), and web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, Adobe does not generally use this information to identify you personally. Exceptions to this are noted in this Privacy Policy.  If you expressly provide consent for the Site or the Product and Service to "remember" the unique identifier that you select when you register for various activities on the Site or the Products and Services, that unique identifier will be stored on a persistent cookie on your computer and that unique identifier will be linked to your Registration Information. As a result, your navigation path around the Site and the Products and Services will be tracked in identifiable form. 

Adobe may also collect data about your online activities on the Sites for use in providing content and advertising tailored to your interests; if this occurs, you will be able to [choose whether or not to have your information collected for such purpose](https://web.archive.org/misc/optout.html).  Some Products and Services allow the tracking of access to or use of Products and Services by users, as opposed to Adobe. For example, certain Products and Services allow document authors to restrict access to documents, track access to or use of those documents, or involve communications and transmission of data over the Internet to verify the authenticity of documents, authors and recipients. In many cases, this type of tracking will be obvious to you as a user of the Products and Services, and in others, the software and services license or terms of use, pop-up boxes, or email messages will inform you of these features and your options, such as disabling options. 

Some Products and Services require activation, which tracks information including installation rights and number of installations. Please see [http://www.adobe.com/activation/main.html](https://web.archive.org/activation/main.html) for more information. 

Personal Information that users provide about other individuals for tell-a-friend or other referral features on the Site or within Products and Services is used by Adobe to send an initial communication to the person whose details you have provided, and is not retained in Adobe's systems.  If you are invited by someone else to participate in shared editing or viewing of documents, photos, websites or other content, you will typically be required to contact the person who invited you to update, correct or delete the personal information they provided about you.  In general, even though we may delete an account you hold with us in these types of shared editing or viewing areas, we may continue to retain information regarding your past actions with respect to content reviews or sharing initiated by others. 

We may also ask you to provide information of others such as when reporting suspected piracy.  In this instance, we will ask for the person's or company's name and contact information so that we may investigate.  Personal information supplied in these instances will only be used for the purpose being submitted. 

Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, and most Products and Services that include similar devices are typically initially activated to collect data. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. (For some web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies or similar devices will probably not be able to access those pages or the related Products and Services.) Information about non-cookie tracking devices and their features, including disabling options, are contained in the information materials provided with such Products and Services or on Site pages relating to such Products and Services. 

Adobe also hires other companies to place our banner ads on other websites. Such companies perform tracking and reporting activities on ads served and user reaction ("third-party advertisement servers"). They do not collect any information other than IP addresses and behaviors associated with those IP addresses on our behalf, and we do not give any personal information to them. Third-party advertisement servers are subject to their own privacy policies. Adobe may also allow other companies to display advertisements on certain pages of the Site or within the Products and Services. If you click on these advertisements these companies may place a persistent cookie on your computer which may allow them to display further advertisements to you. It is our policy to require these companies to provide accessible methods for you to disable these cookies. Should you have any complaints about the practices of any of these companies you should contact [privacy-officer@adobe.com](mailto:privacy-officer@adobe.com). 

#### Privacy complaints

Adobe takes its users' privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that Adobe has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information, you may write to the Adobe Privacy Officer at the following address or fill out a [privacy complaint form](https://web.archive.org/misc/privacy_inquiry.html)

Adobe Systems Incorporated  
Privacy Officer/Customer Information  
Legal Department, A17  
345 Park Avenue  
San Jose, CA 95110-2704  
USA 

Email: [privacy-officer@adobe.com](mailto:privacy-officer@adobe.com). 

In your letter, please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your complaint promptly. If you do not receive acknowledgment of your complaint or your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe through the [TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process](https://www.truste.org/pvr.php?page=complaint), by mail at WatchDog Complaints, TRUSTe, 55 Market Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA, USA 94105, by phone at +1 415-520-3400, or by fax at +1 415-520-3420.  If you are mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint, you must include the following information:  the name of the company, the alleged privacy violation, your contact information, and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company.  For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe's dispute resolution process, see <http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php> or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above.  The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English 

TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with this Site to resolve your concerns. 

If you provide Adobe with inconsistent privacy preferences (for example, by indicating on one occasion that Providers may contact you with marketing offers and indicating on another occasion that they may not), Adobe will endeavor to update your privacy preferences in Adobe's records with the latest preference in a timely and accurate manner. Also, please note that Adobe is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-Adobe websites to which this Site or any other Adobe website may link. You should review the privacy policy of such sites before using the sites. 
