> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the photojojo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190706003412id_/https%3A//www.parabo.press/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Parabo Press: Photo Prints, Books, Cards & Display

Date of Last Revision: August 8, 2015

This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how the Parabo collects and uses the personal information you provide to Parabo and to assist you in making informed decisions when using the app and Parabo product’s and services.

What Information Do We Collect? When you use the service you may provide the Parabo with two types of information: (a) personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis; and (b) App use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and other Users use the service.

  * Personal Information You Choose to Provide: You may provide Parabo with your name, email address and a password when you register to be a User. You may also provide additional comments on how you see the service meeting your needs and interests. If you choose to correspond with the Parabo through email, the Photolane may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and the Parabo’s responses to you. When you make a purchase from Parabo you will be required to provide Parabo with your shipping and billing addresses . You credit card number and expiration date will be captured by our third party payment processing company to verify the transaction
  * Service Use Information: Similar to other commercial web sites and apps, Parabo utilizes server logs to collect information about how the service is used. Information gathered through server logs may include the date and time of visits, screens or pages viewed and time spent.We may also use aggregate data obtained from your photos meta information to provide a better experience viewing and using our app.



How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us? Broadly speaking, Parabo uses personal information for purposes of administering and expanding its business activities, providing customer Service and making available other products and Services to its customers and prospective customers. Occasionally,Parabo may also use the information it collects to notify you about important changes to the Service and new Services and special offers that Parabo thinks you will find valuable. The Service is set up so that you can control who can view the Content and Material in your Account. Parabo is committed to keeping your Content and Material private and secure. Photolane will never make your Content and Material publicly accessible, except as otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy, by your explicit authorization. Please note that if you choose to post a hyperlink to your Content and Material on your own or other’s websites, or you share your Content and Material with your friends or family members and they post your share invitation or forward it to other individuals, these pictures may be accessible to others who view the email invitation or visit these websites. Parabo will therefore not be liable for any publication of your Content and Material made otherwise than by a direct disclosure by Parabo. It is clarified that mere hosting of Content and Material on the Service shall not be construed as a direct disclosure of such Content and Material without a specific reference to such Content and Material made by Parabo in any communication with any third party. In order to provide quality products, Parabo’s employees fulfilling your order or providing Customer Support to you may view your Content and Materials. Parabo permits Users to share their Content and Materials through the sharing Service. If you wish to share Content and Materials with friends and family, you will be required to provide their email addresses or connect to any of the social networking sites using your own credentials. An invitation with a hyperlink created specifically for your Content and Materials will be sent to them. They may view products from your Content and Materials. Photolane will not add their email addresses to a mailing list, or send them further emais unless they register as Users and choose to receive such communications from Parabo per this Privacy Policy. Parabo also permits Users to refer friends to the Service. Parabo will only use their email addresses to send your invitation. Photolane will not add their email addresses to a mailing list, and will not send them further email unless they register as Users and choose to receive such communications from Parabo per this Privacy Policy.

Sharing Information with Third Parties. Photolane may enter into alliances, partnerships or other business arrangements with third parties who may be given access to personal information including your name, address, telephone number and email for the purpose of providing you information regarding products and Services that Photolane thinks will be of interest to you. In connection with alliances, partnerships or arrangements, Parabo may also provide certain information to third parties if it has determined in its sole discretion that the information will be used in a responsible manner by a responsible third party. For example, some of Parabo’s partners operate stores or provide Services, while others power offerings developed by Parabo for your use. Parabo also uses third parties to facilitate its business, including, but not limited to, sending email and processing credit card payments. In connection with these offerings and business operations, Parabo’s partners and other third parties may have access to your personal information for use in connection with business activities. As Parabo develops its business, it may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. Parabo may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or any dissolution. 

Notice of New Services and Changes. Occasionally, Parabo may also use the information collected to notify you about important changes to the Service, new Services and special offers Parabo thinks you will find valuable. As a User, you will be given the opportunity to notify Parabo of your desire not to receive these offers by sending Parabo an email request via our Helpdesk.

Certain Disclosures. Parabo may disclosure your personal information if required to do so by law or if Photolane believes that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law or comply with legal process served on Parabo or its Affiliated Parties; (b) protect and defend Parabo’s rights and property, the Site, the users of the Site, and/or its Affiliated Parties; or (c) act under circumstances to protect the safety of Users of the Site, Parabo, or third parties.

Your Consent. By using the Site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If Parabo changes its Privacy Policy and procedures, Parabo will post those changes on the Site to keep you aware of what information Photolane collects, how such information is used and under what circumstances Photolane may disclose it.

Prohibitions  You may not use any content that includes but is not limited to photos that indicate alcohol content; are hateful, threatening, defamatory, or pornographic; incite violence; or contain nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence. We reserve the right to delete any such images, and deny Services to such users. We also reserve the right to report such offenses to the appropriate authorities.

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy and any other guidelines at any time, so please check periodically for changes.
