> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jacplus.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170216033753id_/https%3A//www.jacplus.com.au/jsp/general-nav/copyright/privacy_policy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Wiley Australia - Privacy Policy

## Jacaranda Privacy Policy

John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd (trading as “Jacaranda”) is a member of the John Wiley & Sons Inc group of companies. We recognize the importance of protecting the information collected from users in the operation of the JacPLUS website and through other means, and we take reasonable steps to maintain the security, integrity and privacy of any information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Australian Privacy Principles. By submitting your information to Jacaranda you consent to the practices described in this policy. If you are less than 18 years of age, then you should first seek the consent of your parent or guardian prior to submitting any personal information to Jacaranda.

Jacaranda will seek to ensure that any identifiable personal information it collects during the registration and purchasing processes, through any customer service interactions, information received from other third parties and by any use of our products on JacPLUS will be adequate, relevant and not excessive for the purposes of providing the products and services and it will be kept accurate and up-to-date based on information provided. The kinds of personal information that Jacaranda may collect includes your name, contact information and school information as well as other information that may assist us with providing our products and services to you. Jacaranda also collects information that is not personal information, such as your IP address, details of your computer browser and other software, data on the use of our websites or your opinion of our services or products in one of our surveys.

Jacaranda uses your information in order to supply or market our products or services to you, to communicate with you, to enable us to administer accounts, manage our business and comply with all other legal or regulatory requirements. Personal information and any other communications or information supplied to Jacaranda may be used by Jacaranda for internal business and research purposes and to help enhance and develop our websites and other products and services.

Except as expressly provided in this policy or, unless we have received your consent, Jacaranda will not disclose any personal information identifying users to any third party except where necessary in connection with services provided by appropriate intermediaries, who will be required to comply with strict confidentiality provisions in accordance with this policy and the Australian Privacy Principles. These intermediaries and service providers provide us with information technology services (e.g. hosting and development services), production services and provision of customer services. Some of these service providers may be located in other countries, such as the United States of America or India. Personal information may also be provided to other Jacaranda affiliates in other countries as part of our obligation to contribute to global reporting requirements. Jacaranda is part of the Wiley group of companies and has servers and major office locations in the United States, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Germany amongst other countries.

You also acknowledge that if you undertake the steps required to link your Jacplus account with your teacher, school or institution of study (“Institution”), that this will allow personal information to be sent or made available to this Institution as reasonably required in order to use the product or as requested by the Institution. Certain Jacaranda products by their nature, such as ‘AssessON’, ‘ProjectsPLUS’ or ‘LearnON’ may not be able to properly function without allowing such sharing of information. In addition, where the cost of any Jacaranda product(s) that would otherwise need to be paid for is covered by the Institution and you are given free access or a code to redeem for the relevant Jacaranda product (instead of having to pay Jacaranda yourself), that Institution may have agreed with Jacaranda that we share information related to your use of the Jacaranda product with them. The Institution may wish to see, for example, that you have accessed and used a certain Jacaranda products or its contents or wish to know the time spent by you using this Jacaranda product. When you link your account with your Institution or accept this Institutionally provided access, you agree to Jacaranda sharing your personal information in this manner.

In addition, Jacaranda may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties in order to comply with the law or requests by law enforcement agencies, to enforce our Terms and Conditions or to protect the rights, property or safety of our Web site, users or others. Jacaranda may also disclose your personal information in the event that all or substantially all of the business or assets of Jacaranda relating to this service are sold or otherwise assigned to another entity. Jacaranda may disclose to carefully chosen third parties navigational and transactional information in the form of anonymous, aggregate usage statistics (including "page views") and demographics but only in forms that do not reveal your identity or personal information.

If use of an electronic product, feature or service offered by Jacaranda on this website requires you to provide a name and password or other personally identifiable information, you will have the option to opt in or out of providing such information and using the product, feature or service.

Jacaranda may disclose to carefully chosen third parties navigational and transactional information in the form of anonymous, aggregate usage statistics (including "page views" on this website and the products herein) and demographics but only in forms that do not reveal a User's identity or confidential information, unless we have received your consent.

Cookies are small bits of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are when you return. Cookies remember information about your activities on the site and enable the operator of the site to make your visits more enjoyable or customize your experience. We may use cookies in a variety of ways, such as to collect information to help us learn things like what kinds of customers our site attracts and which of our products most interest our customers. We don't use cookies to collect and store individually-identifiable information. You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely.

Links may be provided from this website to other third party websites. In using such links, you should be aware that each third party website is subject to its own privacy and data protection policies and is not covered by our privacy policy.

You should be aware that identifiable personal information--such as your name or e-mail address--that you voluntarily disclose that is accessible to other users (e.g. in ProjectsPlus, LearnOn or other bulletin boards or in shared group areas) could be collected and disclosed by others. Jacaranda cannot take any responsibility for such collection and disclosure.

Please note that Jacaranda's Privacy Policy is reviewed periodically. Jacaranda reserves the right to modify its Privacy Policy at any time without notice. Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page. Your continued use of this website and our services will be deemed conclusive acceptance of such modification.

You have the right to request access to your personal information and to request its correction. We will require you to verify your identity before proceeding.

You can update your personal information at any time by logging into your account. However, if at any point you wish to contact us to access or correct your personal information or to lodge a complaint about the way in which Jacaranda collects, uses or discloses your personal information you may either enter the details of your request through the [Contact Us](http://jacplus.desk.com/customer/portal/articles/1823344-contact-jacaranda-support-form?b_id=6409) page; make a request via email to [support@wiley.com](mailto:support@wiley.com) or contact us at:

Attn: Legal Services  
John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd  
155 Cremorne Street, Richmond, VIC 3121  
(03) 9274 3100
