> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the celebrateexpress.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616165842id_/http%3A//celebrateexpress.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Celebrate Express, Inc: Privacy Policy

This statement discloses the privacy practices for the Celebrate Express Web site. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the Celebrate Express Customer Service department by sending an e-mail to [CustomerService@CelebrateExpress.com](mailto:customerservice@celebrateexpress.com).

Celebrate Express is very concerned about the protection of online privacy for all our Web site visitors. Although we track the total number of visitors to our site in an aggregate form to allow us to update and improve our site, personally identifiable information is not extracted in this process. Additionally, customers may use our "Tell A Friend" feature to forward an e-mail to their friends telling them about Celebrate Express, however, we do not retain e-mail addresses captured in this process.

Our Web site uses Microsoft Site Server technology which allows IP Addresses to be collected and used for administrative purposes, and to analyze traffic patterns for this site. However, no single individual is identified in the analysis of Web traffic. This technology also includes the use of cookies which benefit visitors by saving their information so they don't have to re-type it on subsequent visits to our site. Cookies may be disabled by the user.

We make it our top priority to safeguard the privacy of our online customers, and we take great care in making sure that your personal identifiable information is secure. We limit access to personally identifiable information to a very small number of employees who are committed to our privacy and security policies, and who need access to the information in order to perform their jobs. All employees are required to sign a nondisclosure agreement. Any employee who violates our privacy and/or security policies is subject to immediate disciplinary action.

Celebrate Express collects only personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, e-mail addresses, and the like, when voluntarily submitted by visitors. We do ask parents/guardians to provide children's birth month and year information so that we may send a Birthday Express catalog at the appropriate time for party planning.

In some instances, when an e-mail address has been provided by the visitor (age 18 or older), we will send notices to the visitor, usually in the form of e-mail. These periodic notices will announce the status of an order or Web site changes. We will not send promotional e-mails unless the visitor has specifically chosen to receive such messages. We do not share e-mail addresses with third parties.

If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please [click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616165842id_/http%3A//celebrateexpress.com/unsubscribe.aspx), and we will remove you from our mailing list. If you have placed an order with our company, you may also receive mailings from other reputable companies whose products we think you might find interesting. However, if you would like to have your name put on our do-not-share list, please [click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616165842id_/http%3A//celebrateexpress.com/unsubscribe.aspx) and we will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other carefully selected organizations.

If you do not wish to receive marketing-related e-mail from us, you may opt-out by [clicking here](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616165842id_/http%3A//celebrateexpress.com/unsubscribe.aspx) and we will quickly honor your request. You may also opt-out by postal mail by sending your request to Celebrate Express, 11220 120th Avenue NE, Kirkland, WA 98033, or by phoning our Customer Service department at 1-800-424-7843. Online contests and sweepstakes may have alternate rules regarding contact information. Please refer to the individual guidelines posted for each promotion.

If you would like to make changes to the personally identifiable information you previously submitted to us, (e.g. your name or address), you may send an e-mail with the revised information to [CustomerService@CelebrateExpress.com](mailto:customerservice@celebrateexpress.com), or call our Customer Service department at 1-800-424-7843.

Persons who supply us with their telephone number(s) online may receive a telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online. When providing your telephone number, please provide both the area code and phone number. Your phone number will not be shared with anyone.

Parents and guardians: We want to help you guard your children's privacy. Celebrate Express does not collect any personal information on those sections of the site that may be considered designed for the use of children under the age of 13. We encourage you to talk to your children about safe and responsible use of their personal information while using the Internet.

We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by notifying guests of the existence of a new privacy policy. If we change the way we use personally identifiable information, we will notify you via e-mail within 30 days and wait for your consent before taking further action regarding your personally identifiable information. 
