> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the celebrifi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101103234731id_/http%3A//informifi.com/info.php%3Fpage%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Informifi - Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting one of Blue Buzz Network’s ("Blue Buzz Network") Internet web sites ("Sites"), a full listing of which can be found at <http://informifi.com/properties.php>. This Privacy Policy details certain policies implemented throughout Blue Buzz Network governing Blue Buzz Network's use of personally identifiable information about users of our Sites and users of services (the "Services"). 

## Privacy Policy Updates

Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, Blue Buzz Network may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, Blue Buzz Network will post its updated Privacy Policy on our Site located at [www.informifi.com](http://www.informifi.com/) and we will send registered users an email, so you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. If any modification is unacceptable to you, you shall cease using the Sites and the Services. If you do not cease using the Sites and the Services, you will be deemed to have accepted the change. 

## Information Collection and Use

You can generally visit our Sites without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, in certain sections of the Sites and when you use our Services, we may invite you to contact us with questions or comments or request information, provide us with feedback, participate in surveys, questionnaires or contests, participate in chat or message boards, recommend content, or complete a registration form. Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may collect personally identifiable information, such as your email, password and ZIP code. We may also collect additional personally identifiable information that you voluntarily post in your profile or "applause" box or transmit with your communication to us, such as your username, age, gender and location. Other users will be able to view who has posted or recommended certain content, search user profiles and view the information that you have posted in your profile. 

We may use your personally identifiable information to register you to use our Services, deliver certain services, provide notices regarding services you have purchased, and verify your authority to enter our Sites, improve the content and general administration of the Sites and our Services and send you targeted advertising. 

## Children's Privacy

Blue Buzz Network recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. The Sites are not intended for children under the age of 13. Blue Buzz Network does not target its Services or Sites to children under 13. Blue Buzz Network does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. 

## Cookies

We may use small text files called cookies to improve the overall experience of using our Sites. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you. 

## Aggregate Information

The Sites may track the total number of visitors to our Sites, the number of visitors to each page of our Sites, browser type, and IP addresses, and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Sites, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. 

## Disclosure

We may provide your personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies and the aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us in providing our Services to you. Such third party entities may be obligated to a written confidentiality agreement that is at least as protective of your personally identifiable information as the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or in cooperation with any governmental investigation. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any company or organization except we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Blue Buzz Network participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of Blue Buzz Network's assets to which these Sites relate. 

## Links to Third Party Sites

The Sites may provide links to other Web sites or resources over which Blue Buzz Network does not have control ("External Web Sites"). Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Blue Buzz Network of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that Blue Buzz Network is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that Blue Buzz Network is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites. 

## Security

We may employ procedural and technological security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Blue Buzz Network may use encryption, password protection, and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information. 

## Correction/Updating Personally Identifiable Information

Blue Buzz Network provides you with the ability to review, correct and delete any of your user profile. Information you post in other areas of the Sites can not be deleted. At your request, however, we can remove the references to your username from your postings. If you wish to review or correct any information you have provided to us, you may submit a request to us at the contact email below or access your account online. 

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us via email at [admin@informifi.com](mailto:%20admin@informifi.com). 

This Privacy Policy was last updated: July 22, 2010 

This Privacy Policy is effective as of: January 1, 2008 
