> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cellrow.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-03-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080307104703id_/http%3A//www.cellrow.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to Cellrow!

Welcome to the www.cellrow.com website run by Transworld. ("Transworld ," "we," "us," or "our"). Transworld is committed to respecting the privacy rights and concerns of all users of our www.cellrow.com website (the "Site") and participants in our mobile text message contests and tournaments (the "Services") (we refer to the Site and the Services collectively as the "Transworld Features"). As such, we have established and implemented this privacy statement to inform visitors to the Site and users of the Services how we use and protect the information we collect. If you have any questions regarding this information or our privacy practices, please see the section entitled "Questions? Contact Us" at the end of this privacy statement. This privacy statement is effective as of 11/15/06 

**What information does Transworld collect?**  
Transworld does not collect personally identifiable information unless our visitors voluntarily provide it to us. We do, however, collect certain types of information and ask for personal information in certain circumstances, such as when you set up an account. The following sections describe what type of information we collect, when we collect it and how we use it.

**Setting up an account**  
In order to use certain functionality of the Transworld Features, you will have to create a user account which requires you to submit certain personal information. When you register and create an account, we require you to provide us mobile telephone number. 

**Cookies**  
Cookies are small bits of electronic information that a web site can transfer to a visitor's hard drive to help tailor and keep records of his or her visit to the site. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet and many web sites use them. Cookies allow web site operators to better customize visits to the site to the visitor's individual preferences. For example, by setting a cookie you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time. We currently save password information in cookies, however, we do not receive or record any personal information in the cookies we use.  
Although most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, you can usually change your browser to prevent that or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. Even without accepting a cookie, you can still access the Transworld Features. However, to access your account, you will have to re-enter your user name and password each time you visit the Site.

**Customer Service**  
We provide customer service support through 1800-235-7105 and [help@sms-helpdesk.com](mailto:help@sms-helpdesk.com). In order to provide customer support, we will ask for your e-mail address, user name or mobile phone number. Aside from this information, we do not ask for any personal information to provide customer support. We only use information received from customer support requests, including e-mail addresses, mobile phone numbers and user names, for customer support services and we do not transfer or share this information with any third parties.

**How do we use the information you provide us?**  
We will use the information you have provided to us - your mobile phone account for billing purposes when we charge you for the purchase of downloadable files through our Site. We also will use your user name and mobile phone number to contact you when we provide customer support.

**How does Transworld protect customer information?**  
We implement a variety of security measures to ensure the security of your personal information on our systems. User personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to such systems. 

**Does Transworld disclose the information it collects from its visitors to outside parties?**  
Transworld does not currently sell, trade, or otherwise transfer outside the company personally identifiable information that account holders voluntarily provide in any account registration or subscription lifespan. This information is used to better understand how account holders use the Site, to support related transactions made on the site, and to better know our visitors and possibly tailor any specific features, promotions, or other notifications to them. However, this data in an aggregate form without any personally identifiable information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. For example, we may provide information to a third party about how many holders who selected "movies" as an interest, or how many of our account holders overall selected ringtones as an interest and are between the ages of 17 and 24. Should you change your mind about the information you've provided to us, should you no longer wish to receive information from please follow the links on how to unsubscribe. **Individuals under 13 years of age**  
Pursuant to the provisions of the 1998 Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), our policy is to refuse individuals under the age of 13 years of age to submit information to the Site or to install and/or use the Transworld Features. We therefore do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, you are not permitted to use the Transworld Features.

**Third party links and co-brand relationships**  
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, we may choose various third party web sites to link to, and frame within, the Site. We also participate in co-branding and other relationships to offer e-commerce and other services and features to our visitors and account holders. However, even if the third party is affiliated with us, we have no control over these linked sites, each of which has separate privacy and data collection practices independent of us. Data collected by our co-brand partners or third party web sites (even if offered on or through our site) may not be received by us. As such, we have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such web sites. These linked sites are only for your convenience and you therefore access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of the Transworld Features and the links placed upon each of them and therefore request any feedback on not only the Transworld Features, but for sites each links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).

**Notification of changes**  
By visiting the Site or using the Services, you consent to the collection and use of information by us as set forth in this privacy statement. If we decide to change our privacy statement, we will post those changes within this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. 
