> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cellularsouth.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071216143422id_/http%3A//www.cellularsouth.com/privacyPolicy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Cellular South

This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices of Cellular South with respect to its web sites, including cellularsouth.com ("Web Sites"), and your information collected via such Web Sites. Cellular South® is a registered mark of Cellular South, Inc. All references herein to "Cellular South" shall also mean Cellular South, Inc. Cellular South reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page.

Cellular South may make content or services from other web sites available to you from links located on our Web Sites. Cellular South is not responsible for the privacy, security, or content of such sites. Cellular South also uses third parties to advertise its products and services on the Internet and web sites owned by parties that are unaffiliated with Cellular South. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such other web sites or to the Internet generally. You should review the privacy policy at each such third party web site to determine how that site protects your privacy.

Cellular South collects information concerning its customers at the time they sign up for Cellular South service. On occasion, Cellular South collects additional personal information from its customers in connection with contests, surveys or special offers. Some of this information may be collected at Cellular South's Web Sites and may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, billing, payment, usage, credit and transaction information (including credit card numbers, account numbers, and/or social security numbers), and demographic information. Cellular South does not design its Web Sites to attract, nor do we knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen. Ordering online products and services from Cellular South is limited to adults (age 18 or over or as otherwise legally defined).

Cellular South's Web Sites may place or employ a unique "cookie" on your browser to recognize your computer and track site usage. Additionally, Cellular South may log IP addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet. Cellular South reserves the right to use other technology, including but not limited to "web beacons" or "web bugs," on our Web Sites in order to recognize users and assess traffic patterns. We may also include such technology in our e-mail messages and electronic newsletters in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened. You can configure your Web browser to alert you when a Web Site is attempting to send a cookie to your computer and allow you to accept or refuse the cookie. You can also set your browser to disable the capacity to receive cookies or you can delete cookies previously accepted. Some Cellular South Web pages (and other Web pages) may not work correctly if you have cookies disabled.

Subject to any applicable law, rule or regulation restricting disclosure or use of the information collected by Cellular South, Cellular South reserves the right to use and manage, as it sees fit, any information collected from you or your computer, including information collected by Cellular South when you sign up for Cellular South service, participate in contests, surveys or special offers or log onto Cellular South's Web Sites. Among the applicable laws and regulations restricting disclosure of some of the information collected by Cellular South is Section 222 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996, as amended ("The Telecommunications Act"). The Telecommunications Act establishes certain criteria regarding the use of certain sensitive and commercially valuable telephone customer information, which includes, for example, when a customer places a call, whom and where the customer calls and the types of services offerings to which a customer subscribes. The Telecommunications Act refers to this type of information as "customer proprietary network information," or CPNI. Cellular South will disclose and/or use CPNI only as permitted by The Telecommunications Act and applicable rules and regulations.

If you provide your e-mail address to Cellular South, then we may periodically send you e-mails regarding promotions and special offers from Cellular South and/or its affiliates. We may also periodically contact you regarding your Cellular South account status, phone or other matters relevant to Cellular South customers or potential customers. You may choose to remove your name from the list for receiving such e-mails at anytime by following the instructions contained within the e-mails. By providing your e-mail address to Cellular South, you agree that Cellular South shall have the right to manage and use your e-mail address as it sees fit, and Cellular South may sell or otherwise provide your e-mail address to third parties.

Cellular South may hire other companies to perform services on our behalf including, without limitation, sending e-mail, and fulfilling purchase requests. These other companies may be supplied with or have access to your email address. We may also use third parties, such as third-party ad servers or ad networks, to deliver ads to you on our behalf. These third-party ad servers may be supplied with or have access to your email address. They also may also collect and use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the Web Sites and links from the Web Sites. 

Cellular South also reserves the right to disclose personal information, including e-mail addresses, if we are required to do so by law or legal authority, or if we in good faith believe that it is necessary to do so in order to comply with legal process or law, to protect and defend the rights or property of Cellular South, its affiliates, its customers or the public, or to protect against misuse of Cellular South's Web Sites.

Upon written request, Cellular South will furnish you a copy of all information provided by you and maintained on record by Cellular South at the time of your request in the format utilized by Cellular South in the ordinary course of its business. This information will only be sent to you at your address as reflected by Cellular South's records or given to you in person at a reasonable, prearranged time during normal business hours, at which time you may be asked to present proof of your identity. Cellular South may also require you to reimburse it for the reasonable costs of researching and copying such records as a condition to providing a copy of all such information to you.

4/02/07 Rev.
