> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zipcar.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171212143930id_/http%3A//www.zipcar.ca/site/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Zipcar

## R-E-S-P-E-C-T!

Zipcar and its subsidiaries and affiliates (also referred to as "we," "us," "our" or "Zipcar Group") **respect your privacy**. This privacy notice describes the personal information we collect from you and how we use that information. This privacy notice covers both our collection and use of information when you use zipcar.com, zipcar.ca and their related mobile sites and applications (our "Sites"), as well as the kinds of information we collect when you join Zipcar and use our services. This privacy notice does not apply to other Internet or mobile sites or applications even if accessed via our Sites. By submitting your personal information to us, you consent to Zipcar's use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this privacy notice. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy notice, please do not submit any personal information to Zipcar. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy notice, please contact us in one of the ways provided below. This privacy notice is incorporated into, and part of, the Member Contract and the Terms of Use, which governs zipcar.com and zipcar.ca. 

If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Notice or practices, please contact us at [privacy@zipcar.com](mailto:privacy@zipcar.com). 

## What is personal information?

Personal information means information that identifies you as an individual, or that we can combine with readily available information to identify you as an individual. 

## use of our sites

**When you use our Sites** , our servers automatically log certain information about your use of our Sites that is reported by your computer or mobile device, such as device type, device identifier, network provider, the IP address assigned to your device, browser type or application used, operating system, browser language, and general country/city location (or precise location if location-based services are used by you). We also collect information about how you use our Sites, such as the pages you visit or the ads or links you click on. When you visit one of our Sites, Zipcar places cookies on your computer or device. These cookies enable us to measure the effectiveness of content on the Sites and refine and tailor that content to suit our visitors' interests. If you have joined Zipcar, you can agree to accept a cookie to allow Zipcar to remember you when you visit our Sites. You may use our Sites without us associating this information with personal information that identifies you. However, as described below, if you are logged into your Zipcar account or you have accepted cookies, we may be able to associate this information with personal information you have given to us. To learn more about cookies and how Zipcar customizes the content and offers for you, please see  **"Advertising and Personalized Content"** below. 

## What personal information we collect and how we use it

The principal purposes for which we collect and store your personal and financial information are to process your application, allow you to reserve and use our vehicles, authorize payment, bill you, respond to your inquiries, improve and communicate with you about our products and services and maintain your account with us. 

**Zipcar collects information that you voluntarily submit to us** , which could include your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, or a picture of you or identifying documents. This also includes information in your profile, or information you provide to us via an email, text or similar message, telephone call, or by other means. Your telephone calls and other communications with us are usually recorded or monitored for quality control, training and similar purposes. By using these communication methods you are consenting to receiving information via these methods and the recording or monitoring of your calls and communications with Zipcar. 

**If you apply to join Zipcar** , we collect information such as personal and financial information as you proceed through the stages of our application process, membership agreement and reservation process. In addition to your name and contact information, we will also collect your driver's license number and the jurisdiction in which you are licensed, credit card or other payment information, and other identifying information. We may also collect information such as your driving record from you, from regulatory bodies where you live, or from third parties. We use this information to process your application and for the purposes described below. Additionally, we may also use this information to detect and deter fraud, theft, or abuse of our service. 

**If you join Zipcar and use our services** , we collect information about your searches for vehicles, reservations (dates, times, locations, etc.) and, your use of the Zipcar service (return time, mileage, accidents, etc.). We may also collect precise location if you enable location-based services on your mobile device. We use this information to provide and optimize services for you, including for example, billing you, responding to your inquiries, providing and improving our products and services, maintaining your account with us, personalizing your Zipcar experience (e.g., by understanding your preferences), and providing content and promotional offers. To learn more about how Zipcar customizes content and offers please see **"Advertising and Personalized Content"** below. From time to time, we may send marketing or other communications. To edit your preferences, please go to your account settings page. 

**Zipcars are equipped with vehicle tracking and anti-theft technology that uses Global Positioning System (GPS).** GPS is a network of satellites that allows us to determine the location (latitude and longitude) of Zipcars during your reservation. Additionally, Zipcars also have an on-board device that may monitor the state of the vehicle from moment to moment whether or not in a reservation, and the information may include its location and driver behavior monitoring such as crash detection factors or rate of braking or acceleration. This information is transmitted to Zipcar and stored. Zipcar uses this information for a variety of important purposes. For example, we may monitor or store vehicle or GPS data to help you find a car you have reserved, to assist with roadside assistance, to assist in making a car available at the place and time you have reserved, to improve our service, to assist us in enforcing our legal rights, or to locate lost or stolen Zipcars. 

**Refer a Friend.** If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about Zipcar, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address or phone number. We may then send your friend one or more messages inviting your friend to join Zipcar. Zipcar stores this information for the purpose of sending these communications and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at [privacy@zipcar.com](mailto:privacy@zipcar.com) to request that we no longer communicate send them refer a friend messages or other messages from Zipcar. 

## Children's privacy

We do not knowingly solicit or collect individually identifying information from children under the age of 13. 

## Where we hold personal information

Zipcar maintains servers within the European Union and in the United States of America. Please note that the laws governing the processing of personal information in the United States of America may not be the same as they are in your home country. By joining Zipcar and using our services, you consent to the transfer of your personal and financial information outside of the European Economic Area or your home country, as applicable, for the purposes described in this privacy notice. 

##  To what third parties might we transfer personal information? 

Zipcar shares information with third parties outside the Zipcar Group in limited circumstances such as when it is necessary to provide the Zipcar service, fulfill a transaction you have requested, offer you personalized services, or in other circumstances that are permitted by law and consistent with the purposes for which we collected the information. For example, we may disclose your personal information, including GPS information from any of our vehicles, within the Zipcar Group and to contractors, advisors, consultants and service providers acting on our behalf or under our instructions, including for purposes relating to the provision, operation, maintenance, administration, promotion, improvement, and oversight of our services, Sites and advertising services, or to fulfill your requests for information or service. If you apply for Zipcar membership, some of the information you supply may be shared with regulatory bodies and/or service providers we utilize to obtain your driving record or other personal information. In addition, if you are associated or affiliated with another primary account (for example, if you are an associate member or affiliated with a business's or university's account or discount plan), the primary account holder (such as a business or university) will generally have access to certain information regarding your account or your use of our services, including specific reservation details. 

We may disclose your personal information in connection with a corporate transaction, proceeding, or reorganization involving the business activities for which the information is maintained. In the event that ownership of Zipcar or its business was to change as a result of a merger, acquisition or transfer to another company, your personal information may be shared or transferred. 

Zipcar may disclose your personal information, including location/GPS data, in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena) or requests from law enforcement or regulatory authorities; in other circumstances in which Zipcar believes the Sites, the Zipcar service or our vehicles are being or have been used in violation of our policies, applicable law or otherwise in the commission of a crime; when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person; or when necessary to protect the rights or property of Zipcar or third parties. 

## Independent licensees

Reservations of certain Zipcar vehicles outside of the U.S. and Canada may be operated by an independent licensee not owned or controlled by Zipcar, and in those instances this privacy notice does not apply. Each independent licensee may collect personal information and use the personal information for its own purposes. Zipcar does not control the independent licensee's use of personal information. For credit card transactions, the independent licensee, not Zipcar, may collect and process credit card information and receive payment for the Zipcar services. In this case, the independent licensee is subject to the merchant rules of the credit card processors it selects. This privacy notice also does not apply to any independent licensee's website. These licensees may also use email campaigns and other methods of telephone, electronic and direct mail solicitation without our consent or knowledge and are solely responsible for their content and methods of identifying and contacting addressees. 

## Advertising and personalized content

**Customized offerings.** Zipcar uses personal information to present offers to you on our behalf and on behalf of business partners, but we do not share information that personally identifies you with those parties for their independent marketing purposes. **If you do not want us to send you promotional emails, please adjust your settings on the "contact me" tab on the "my stuff" page.**

**Our Cookies.** Zipcar uses cookies, content and other technologies that are placed in the browser on your computer or mobile device, and can be used to help recognize you on the Zipcar Sites and improve the user experience. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. We use session cookies to maintain session state and user identity. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. We use persistent cookies and content to help remember user preferences and improve the user experience. You may be able to remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your browser's "help" file. 

You can control browser cookies through your browser's settings. You can control Flash cookies via the Macromedia Flash application on your computer, or by going to the [Macromedia Flash Player website](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html), which allows you to view, modify, and delete Flash cookies. You may delete cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you reject all browser or flash cookies, however, some areas of our Sites may not function well or at all. 

**Ad Networks.** Zipcar uses third party ad network providers and other service providers to help present customized content and offers across various platforms, including the Internet or our Sites. These providers use cookies or similar technologies on your computer or mobile device to help present, better target, and measure the effectiveness of their content and advertisements, using data gathered over time and across their networks of web pages to determine or predict the characteristics and preferences of their audience. We may share certain non-personal information about you (such as age and zip code) with certain ad network and service providers to help them deliver more relevant content and advertisements through their networks. Third party advertisers or service providers we use or provide information to may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies in connection with offers, content, and services offered through the Sites, including to help operate ad networks. 

**The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by content and ad network providers is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours.**

Please visit the [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/index.asp) and [Digital Advertising Alliance](http://www.aboutads.info/) websites for additional information about various providers and the options they may offer. Canadian visitors may also visit <http://youradchoices.ca/choices/>. 

We may use advertising platforms provided by Facebook, Google and others to promote interest-based advertisements to you (or to not show you certain advertisements) and to measure how users interact with those advertisements. We may do this using web tracking tools or by converting the email address, phone number or other contact information you have provided to us into a unique value that these platforms may compare to a unique value created from information you provided to those platforms. Please visit Facebook for information on Facebook's advertising privacy policies and how to opt out <https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/>. If you would like information on how to control Google Ads, please visit the Google privacy policy at [http://www.google.com](http://www.google.com/). To learn more about Twitter tailored ads, visit the Twitter help center at <https://support.twitter.com/>. We may also use similar advertising programs for other social media sites you use. If you would like to opt out, please adjust your Facebook, Google, Twitter and other social advertising settings, use the opt-out features in the advertisement, or contact us using the contact details provided below. 

**Social Sharing and Links.** Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy notice of the company providing it. 

Our Sites may include links to other websites or mobile applications whose privacy practices may differ from those of Zipcar. If you submit personal information to any of those websites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit or mobile application that you use. 

## Your California Privacy Rights

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 states that our California users have the right to receive specific information about how Zipcar discloses personal information to others for their marketing purposes, and what choices they have. Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83(c)(2), Zipcar's policy is not to share your personal information with other parties for direct marketing use unless you agree that Zipcar can do so or as provided for in this Privacy Notice. If you wish to opt-out from any sharing without cost, please see "Advertising and Personalized Content" above. 

If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and you have publicly posted any information on our websites or our mobile application, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. If you wish to make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to [privacy@zipcar.com](mailto:privacy@zipcar.com). Please be aware there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested. 

Further, Zipcar is required to alert you how our websites react to Do Not Track signals. Some browsers support a "Do Not Track" feature, which is intended to be a signal to websites that you do not wish to be tracked across different websites you visit. Sites operated by Zipcar do not currently change the way they operate based upon detection of a Do Not Track or similar signal. 

## How may I review and correct my personal information?

Zipcar is committed to providing you with reasonable and practical access to your information to allow you the opportunity to identify inaccuracies. Upon request, Zipcar will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If you are a member of Zipcar, you can review and correct personal information by clicking on the "my stuff" button and navigating through the "my account," "my reservations" and "my statement" pages. If you would like to access, delete and/or correct other personal information held by Zipcar, please contact us in one of the ways provided below and we will respond to your request within 30 days. If Zipcar is informed of any inaccuracy we will make the appropriate corrections when commercially practicable. Under applicable laws you may have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and have any inaccuracies corrected (we may charge a reasonable fee for such information requests and require you to prove your identity). 

Please contact us if you wish to cancel your account. We generally retain information for at least as long as your account is active. However, we may also retain your information for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements or maintain backups or archives of our systems. Please note, however, that we do not undertake to store your information, including records of your transactions for you. Please maintain any records you need of your transactions with Zipcar. 

##  What security measures are used to protect my personal information? 

Zipcar has established safeguards, such as SSL encryption and other security practices to help prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of your personal information, but cannot guarantee that your personal information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this privacy notice. For payment information, Zipcar adheres to the Payment Card Industry's Data Security Standards. We use a password to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to any of your personal information. It is your responsibility to choose a strong password, safeguard it, and never disclose it to a third party. If you contact us by phone, we will ask you to verify certain information related to your account before providing any access to personal information. 

## How might this privacy notice be changed?

We may change this privacy notice from time to time, so it is advisable to review it frequently. We will advise you of material changes to this privacy notice through our website or other means, and all amended terms shall automatically be effective as of the date of the amended notice. Your continued use of the Zipcar service or maintenance of a Zipcar account will be deemed to be acceptance of any revised privacy notice. Certain provisions of the privacy notice may vary based upon the jurisdiction in which you reserve or use a Zipcar vehicle. For example, in other jurisdictions, Zipcar may collect and use different location or other information associated with your reservation, and may use it differently than in your home location. 

## Contact information

If you have questions about our handling of personal information, you may write to us at [privacy@zipcar.com](mailto:privacy@zipcar.com), [privacy@zipcar.ca](mailto:privacy@zipcar.ca), or Zipcar Privacy, 35 Thomson Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02210 USA. 

This privacy notice was last revised on January 1, 2017. 
