> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the litmusapp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-04-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090413210257id_/http%3A//litmusapp.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Litmus

Salted Services Ltd. (“ **Salted** ”) operates several websites including [litmusapp.com](http://litmusapp.com/), [sitevista.com](http://www.sitevista.com/) and [salted.com](http://www.salted.com/). It is Salted's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.

Note: Our Privacy Policy (and our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms)) has been derived from the privacy policy of the generous team at Wordpress.com, who have shared their [Privacy Policy](http://automattic.com/privacy/) under a [Creative Commons Sharealike license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5/). This text is also shared under a Creative Commons Sharealike license, and we would direct you to the [original](http://automattic.com/privacy/) if you would like to reuse the content you read here.

### Website Visitors

Like most website operators, Salted collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Salted’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Salted’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Salted may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

Salted also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Salted does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

### Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to Salted’s websites choose to interact with Salted in ways that require Salted to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Salted gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. Those who engage in transactions with Salted – by purchasing access to the Litmus compatibility testing service, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Salted collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Salted. Salted does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

### Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

Salted discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organisations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Salted’s behalf or to provide services available at Salted's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organisations may be located outside of your home country; by using Salted’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Salted will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organisations, as described above, Salted discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Salted believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Salted, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Salted website and have supplied your email address, Salted may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Salted and our products. We primarily use our company blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Salted takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorised access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

### Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Salted uses cookies to help Salted identify and track visitors, their usage of Salted website, and their website access preferences. Salted visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Salted’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Salted's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

### Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, Salted may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Salted’s sole discretion. Salted encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. 
