> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the littlebinsforlittlehands.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161121024427id_/http%3A//littlebinsforlittlehands.com/disclosure) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Little Bins for Little Hands

## Little Bins For Little Hands: Privacy Policy and Disclosure

Little Bins For Little Hands believes very strongly in keeping your personal information confidential. The following policy describes what information we collect and how it is used and shared. Please see copyright policy for use of this material in classrooms or with groups.

**Information Collected**  
Little Bins for Little Hands collects as little information as possible from users looking to post comments and messages in the forum. We will typically collect a name (either real or alias), personal website, and e-mail address.

**Cookies / IP Address tracking**  
Little Bins for Little Hands uses cookies to uniquely identify users for the purpose of log files, posting comments, and voting on the site. No personal information is stored in these cookies and it simply a way to identify your computer.

**With Whom Information is Shared**  
None of your information will be shared with third parties. Little Bins for Little Hands may use your e-mail address in the future to contact you regarding the site, however, an opt-out will always be provided. Your name and website may be displayed on the site if you post a comment or a message in the forum. However, your e-mail address and privacy will always be kept secure.

**Opting Out**  
If Little Bins for Little Hands chooses to send out newsletter updates in the future and we have your email address on file, you may receive a copy of our newsletter. However, at the bottom of every newsletter will be an easy way to opt-out. The editors of our site hate SPAM as much as you and have no intention of filling up e-mail boxes with unwanted messages.

**Third Party Advertising**  
I allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.

**Amazon Association Affiliate Program**

I am a member of the Amazon Affiliates Association Program. I earn a small advertising fee for all products purchased through this site. You are under no obligation to purchase any products at any time. Links are provided for your convenience.

**Copyright Policy**

I would love for you to try my ideas and activities in your home, group or school setting.

If you wish to share my ideas and/or write about my ideas, you are welcome to use the main photo image located at the top of the post. You MUST link this photo back to my entire original post. Please DO NOT copy instructions, set up, or recipes that are mine. Instead direct your readers to my original post. Example: You love my pumpkin oobleck recipe, if you did everything just as I did be sure to say find the exact recipe here and link to my original. You are welcome to share your experience but not my specifics! Please contact me at _ **getmovingfitness@gmail.com**_ if you have specific questions.

All my printable sheets may be used for home, group, or school settings. Please make as many copies as you like, but please do not link direct pdf files in any publications. Link main article for others to use. Please do not sell my FREE printable pages for your profit.

**Disclosure Policy**

This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me (Sarah). This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.

The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

The owner (Sarah) of this blog is not compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the blog owners. If we claim or appear to be experts on a certain topic or product or service area, we will only endorse products or services that we believe, based on our expertise, are worthy of such endorsement. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer or provider.

This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.  
To get your own policy, go to http://www.disclosurepolicy.org
