> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the littledebbie.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181006213729id_/https%3A//littledebbie.com/12/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Little Debbie

**Last Modified: October 1, 2015**

This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we collect from and about you when you visit our website (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy also explains how McKee Foods may use and disclose such information, as well as your ability to control certain uses of it. Your continued use of this Site signifies your acceptance of, and agreement to, this Privacy Policy.

**INFORMATION COLLECTION**

**Information You Provide to Us**

McKee Foods may collect certain personal information from you when you visit this Site. Such personal information may be collected when you sign up for newsletters, participate in promotions, participate in surveys and questionnaires, create an online account, order merchandise, request information, apply for employment, or otherwise contact us. The personal information we collect may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, age, gender, photograph, and, if you purchase merchandise offered on this Site, credit/debit card number or other financial account information.

**Information Automatically Collected**

We, or our Authorized Providers (defined below), may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, local shared objects (Flash cookies), or other technologies to collect certain information about visitors to our Site, use of our online services, and interactions with our advertisements and email. For example, we or our Authorized Providers use these technologies to collect information from you including, but not limited to, your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, geographical location, and the domain name from which you accessed the Site. Such information may also include aspects of your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the Site, the areas or pages of the Site visited, the amount of time you spend viewing the Site, the number of times you return to the Site, and other click-stream or site usage data. We collect and use this information to understand our Site visitors’ online behavior so that we can provide you with content, advertisements, and an online experience that may be more suited to your interests.

We run website analytics on the information we collect through cookies and IP addresses to help us understand how visitors engage with our Site. The information generated by cookies about the use of our Site and your IP address may be transmitted and stored on the servers of our website analytics Authorized Provider. Our website analytics Authorized Provider will use this information to evaluate how visitors use our Site, compile reports on Site activity for us and provide other services relating to Site activity and internet usage. It may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on our website analytics Authorized Provider’s behalf. Our website analytics Authorized Provider collects information anonymously, and will not associate your IP address with any other data held by it.

You are free to set your Internet browser to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the Site or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.

To learn more about the use of cookies or other technologies for website analytics and behavioral advertising for delivery of more relevant advertising, and to know your choices about not having this information used by certain entities, please [click here ](https://web.archive.org/12.289/cookies-and-analytics). To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, please [click here ](https://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html). Note that our systems do not recognize Do Not Track (DNT) headers from browsers.

**Information Collected From Other Sources**

We may obtain information about you from other sources, including commercially available sources such as data aggregators and public databases. For example, this information may include updated contact information, demographic information, and other public data. We may combine this information with the personal information you provide to us to help us tailor our communications to you and to improve our services and products.

**INFORMATION USE**

McKee Foods or its Authorized Providers may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes:

  * To fulfill orders placed on an online store, provide services and communicate with customers;
  * To develop new products or services;
  * To respond to your inquiries and requests;
  * To provide you with customized Site content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Site or via email or postal mail;
  * To contact you with information and promotional materials from our company or on behalf of our partners and affiliates;
  * To contact you when necessary;
  * To review the usage and operations of our Site and services and improve our Site content, products and services;
  * To address problems with the Site, our business or our products and services;
  * To manage our telecommunications networks;
  * To protect the security or integrity of the Site and our business;
  * As described to you at the point of data collection; and
  * To process payments and prevent fraud.



**HOW PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED AND ACCESSED; AUTHORIZED PROVIDERS**

McKee Foods will not disclose your personal information unless: (1) as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of the McKee Foods Site Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third party; (2) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; (3) you give your express consent for us to do so; (4) as described below; and (5) as described to you at the point of collection.

From time to time, McKee Foods contracts with third parties to perform functions relating to the Site, such as business, professional, or technical support activities (“Authorized Providers”). We may allow our Authorized Providers to access your personal information to perform those functions. For example, McKee Foods may contract with Authorized Providers to sell merchandise offered on this Site, including processing payments and fulfilling orders. Other examples of functions our Authorized Providers may carry out include sending communications, providing marketing assistance, supporting our website functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through the Site. These Authorized Providers will have access to personal information needed to perform such functions, but may not use or share that information for other purposes. McKee Foods requires all Authorized Providers to provide appropriate privacy protection comparable to ours for your personal information.

McKee Foods may share aggregate or anonymous nonpersonal information with third parties for their marketing or analytics uses.

If McKee Foods becomes involved in a merger, consolidation, acquisition, sale of assets, joint venture, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution or other transaction, or if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business otherwise changes, we may share or transfer your information to a third party or parties in connection with such transaction or change in ownership. 

**LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES**

The Site may have links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the practices of such sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these linked sites. Including a link to a third-party website on the Site does not mean or imply that McKee Foods endorses the website.

**SOCIAL MEDIA**

The Site may include social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button or the ability to pin an image to Pinterest, that allow you to share content or experiences on our Site or interact with our Site using the feature. These features may collect information about your activity on the Site and may set a cookie in order to function properly. Your interactions with these social media features are governed by the privacy policy of the service providing the feature and your privacy settings on such service.

**CHILDREN'S PRIVACY**

Protecting children’s privacy is important to us. We do not direct the Site to, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information from, children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through the Site.

**DATA SECURITY**

We take physical, technological and administrative measures to protect the information you provide through the Site against loss, theft, and unauthorized access, use, disclosure or modification. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that information on the Site may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. Email sent to or from the Site may not be secure. You should use caution whenever submitting information online and take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.

If you have an account on the Site please guard against unauthorized access to your account by using a robust password that is hard to “crack” and not sharing your password with anyone.

**DATA STORAGE**

Your personal information is stored on servers in various locations, including the United States, and some of our Authorized Providers may store or process information on servers hosted in other countries. As such, your personal information may be subject to the laws of other countries, where the data protection and other laws may differ from those of the United States. Your personal information may be disclosed in response to inquiries or requests from government authorities in the countries in which we operate.

**DATA RETENTION**

Any personal information that McKee Foods collects is kept as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required by law. When McKee Foods no longer needs to retain your personal information, it will be destroyed or anonymized.

**ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

If you have established an account on our Site, you may sign in to your account and update your personal information contained in the account. You can also contact us at the address listed below.

**IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, you may contact us at:

McKee Foods Consumer Services  
P.O. Box 750 Collegedale, TN 37315   
Or online at: <http://www.mckeefoods.com/www/docs/153/mckee-foods-consumer-comments>

You may also opt-out of receiving email marketing communications from us by following the instructions in each such email. It may take up to 10 business days to process a request once received.

**YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS**

Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you are a California resident and your business relationship with us is primarily for personal, family or household purposes, you may request certain data regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to [calprivacyreq@mckee.com](mailto:calprivacyreq@mckee.com) with "Request for California Privacy Information" in the subject line. You may make such a request up to once per calendar year. If applicable, we will provide to you via email a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately-preceding calendar year, along with the third parties' names and addresses. Please note that not all personal information sharing is covered by Section 1798.83's requirements.

**REVISIONS TO THIS POLICY**

McKee Foods reserves the right to revise this policy at any time. When we do, we will post the change(s) on the Site, and they will become effective upon posting.
