> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gaschoolstore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170223125045id_/https%3A//www.gaschoolstore.com/Home/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**_PRIVACY POLICY_**  
We at Great American Opportunities, Inc. respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy pertains to our company, its affiliates, divisions and their various fundraising programs and business collaborations, including QSP, Mikla Foods, Fundraising.com, QSP Canada, etc., (collectively “Great American”), and describes how Great American may collect and use the personal information which you provide on our web sites and the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information.

  This Privacy Policy describes the information we may collect from you on or through our web sites, the manner in which we may use such information, and how we protect it. We may modify or supplement this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting those changes on this page. Any changes will become effective as of the date of posting. Please review this Privacy Policy often so you are always fully informed of any changes.  
We have tried to keep this policy as simple as possible; however, if you are not familiar with terms like “cookies”, “IP addresses”, “tags”, “browsers”, etc., then read about these key terms first. Your privacy matters to Great American; thus, whether you are new to Great American or a long time trading partner, please do take the time to get to know our practices. If you have any questions, please contact us as directed below.  
**Collection and Retention of Information**  
When you visit our web sites, whether to request merchandise and services or simply to become better acquainted with Great American’s various offerings, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself, including your name, mailing address, email address, and phone number. In addition, purchases by credit card will require your disclosure of your credit card account number and security number for that credit card. In other instances, we (or qualified contractors/vendors on our behalf) may automatically collect some non-personally identifiable computer information regarding your use of our web sites, such as the type of computer operating system you are using (such as Windows 8, Mac OS, etc.) and web browser that you are using (such as Internet Explorer, Safari, etc.), as well as information regarding your Internet service provider, IP address, and the frequency with which you visit various parts of our web sites.  
We may use cookies to identify you when you visit us and to keep track of where you go so we can provide you with more personalized service by way of our web sites. A “cookie” is a small piece of information that we may place in your computer browser to collect information regarding your preferences. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information. You can use your browser settings to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. If you turn off cookies, you will not have access to some of the features on our web sites, and some of our services may not function properly.  
We may also request your username, email address and telephone number if you submit a form through the “Contact Us” portion of our web site so that we may respond to the inquiry. We collect the email content, email address and phone number for the sole purpose of responding directly on a one‑time basis to a specific inquiry. We may retain this information for customer service purposes.  
When you order online or subscribe to any of our web sites, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself to facilitate the transaction. This information may include your first and last name, username, password, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, and payment information. In connection with online subscriptions or purchases, we collect personally‑identifiable financial information. Credit card or account billing information, including mailing addresses, are collected at the time of purchase. Great American will store this information only if necessary and will do so in accordance with Payment Card Industry standards.  
In addition, such necessary information very well may be stored by our payments processing vendor(s) for the purpose of processing payments, collection efforts, and for fraud prevention purposes. Our payments processing vendor has agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the personal and financial information it obtains from our web sites and only to use this information on our behalf for the legitimate purposes outlined above. Our financial institution is bound by all applicable privacy laws relating to the provision of financial services.  
Great American may, from time to time, offer forums or the ability to comment through some of our web sites. If you post personally‑identifiable information on a forum, you should be aware that such information could be read, collected or used by other users. We are not responsible for any personally‑identifiable information you choose to publish through such forums. These forums are intended for use only by users over the age of 13 years.   
If you use GoogleTM, FacebookTM, or similar social media connect functions to log in, we may collect your name and e‑mail address to authenticate you and your profile picture to use as your picture on our applicable web site. This feature is intended only for users over the age of 13 years.  
We will not ask children for personal information. It is up to a child’s parent(s) or lawful guardian to inform Great American of the information we should obtain, store and use about their children. As Great American makes available subscription sites and online stores for children, you should take responsibility for registering the child on the applicable web site and provide correct information about the child, including the child’s name, email address, username, age, telephone number and password, if necessary to gain access to the subscribed service. It is not our intent or wish to collect any such information directly from a child so we ask that you monitor and manage your child’s use of our online stores, subscription services, and web sites. Let us know of good suggestions you may have to help us make our websites even safer and more user-friendly for children.  
**Only Necessary Personally-Identifiable Information About Your Child**  
We do not condition a child’s participation in any program, prize, or offering of Great American or any web site activity on any more personally-identifiable information than is reasonably necessary for the participation.  
**Use and Disclosure of Information**  
Great American may use your personally identifiable information (email address, telephone number, etc.) to process orders, follow up with customer service, monitor your subscription, pursue collection activities, and market our products and services. The information we collect is shared as necessary with agents or contractors who assist in providing support for our internal operations. We also may use this information to notify you of new or special programs, prizes, and offerings of Great American.  
If you do not want any such updates, either by email or text, simply opt out of those communications by sending an email to that effect to our privacy-related email address, [privacy@gafundraising.com](mailto:privacy@gafundraising.com "mailto:privacy@gafundraising.com"), or, via U.S. mail, c/o Privacy Officer, Great American Opportunities, Inc., 2451 Atrium Way, Nashville, TN 37214, indicating “Privacy Opt Out” in the subject line. Please allow up to 21 days for the opt out to take effect.  
Further use of the information we collect in the aggregate may involve statistical analysis of site usage, our customers’ purchases, and the popularity of certain programs, prizes and offerings of Great American. Statistical analysis is generally done in the aggregate but we may track this information on an individual basis for such purposes.  
We may use email addresses and usernames to track usage and to ensure users are following our Terms of Use. In addition, we may use an email address, username, or IP address to ban a user temporarily or permanently from a web site that the user engages in any inappropriate manner.  
We may disclose information where we are required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena, or where we disclose information to data processors who act on our behalf (service providers or other group companies who provide support for the operations of our web site(s) and who do not use or disclose the information for any other purpose). To the extent permitted by applicable law, we also may disclose personally‑identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agency’s or other public agency’s (including schools or children services) request or if we feel that such disclosure may prevent the instigation of a crime, facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a child using our web site(s), protect the security or integrity of our web site(s) and networks, and/or enable us to take precautions against liability, misuse or unauthorized use.  
If we sell all or part of our business or make a sale or transfer of our assets or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, we may transfer personally‑identifiable information to a third party as part of that transaction, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and your use of our web site(s) pursuant to this Privacy Policy evidences your consent thereto.  
**Consent and Removal**  
By using Great American’s web site(s) and your providing us with information, you are consenting to our collection and use of your information, as provided above. You may revoke this consent and any subscription in which event same will be cancelled and no such further access to our web site(s) will be available.  
**Requests Relative to Personally-Identifiable Information**  
Upon written request delivered to [privacy@gafundraising.com](mailto:privacy@gafundraising.com), or, via U.S. mail, c/o Privacy Officer, Great American Opportunities, Inc., 2451 Atrium Way, Nashville, TN 37214, indicating “Request for Information” in the subject line, we will provide you with access to the personally‑identifiable information that we maintain about you and your participating family members. You can access this information, correct factual errors in such information, request to have this information deleted, or request that we no longer collect or retain such information, again, by notifying us at email address, [privacy@gafundraising.com](mailto:privacy@gafundraising.com "mailto:privacy@gafundraising.com"), or, via U.S. mail, c/o Privacy Officer, Great American Opportunities, Inc., 2451 Atrium Way, Nashville, TN 37214, including your name and phone number so we can verify your identity. The deletion or cessation of collection of information may result in cancellation of programs and subscriptions or other services initially provided to you. Please allow us up to 21 days from the date of our receipt of your request for any such deletion to take effect.  
**Security**  
We may, within our corporate discretion, process your orders and collect and store personally‑identifiable information using encryption technology. When employed, encryption allows you and us to input before encrypted information is sent via the Internet. We make commercially reasonable efforts intended to ensure that the personally-identifiable information we collect on our web site(s) is secured against unauthorized access. However, please be aware (as you see in the News from time to time) that no system is completely secure from hackers, governmental intrusion, network failure and error, and we cannot guarantee the confidentiality, security and integrity of information maintained on our web site(s).  
**Linked Websites**  
Our web site(s) may contain links to other web sites, including those of sponsors and advertisers. The information practices on those third party sites may be different from ours and are not covered by our Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any third-party linked website. We encourage you to consult the privacy notices on those sites.  
**Feedback**  
We would appreciate your constructive comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, or concerns that your information is not accurate or complete, or you discover any of our web site(s) are being subjected to unlawful or unsuitable use, please notify us at [privacy@gafundraising.com](mailto:privacy@gafundraising.com "mailto:privacy@gafundraising.com"), or, via U.S. mail, c/o Privacy Officer, Great American Opportunities, Inc., 2451 Atrium Way, Nashville, TN 37214. It will be our goal to use presently available resources and commercially reasonable efforts to investigate and respond to you.
