> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the appappeal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151226191904id_/http%3A//www.appappeal.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - About - AppAppeal

Nubera eBusiness S.L. ( **“Nubera eBusiness”** ,  **“we”**  or  **“us”** ), the company that manages the websites www.getapp.com, www.appstorm.net, www.appappeal.com, and www.cloudwork.com and its associated blogs (together, the  **“Sites”**  and each a  **“Site”** ) is committed to protecting the privacy of all the users of the Sites ( **“you”**  or  **“User”** ). The Sites are intended for use for professional purposes only. By using the Sites, and in particular by providing your personal or company information on registration, filling a contact form, or submitting a review, you explicitly accept this Privacy Policy and provide full consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal data by Nubera eBusiness, and to the use and disclosure to certain third parties of your personal data, in accordance with the terms set out in this policy. Please note that any information you provide to other Site users or to third parties you may contact through the Sites will be collected and used by those parties according to their own terms and privacy policies. Nubera eBusiness cannot guarantee that these parties comply with the requirements set forth in data protection legislation. 

  1. **PERSONAL DATA COLLECTION** We do not require our Sites users to register or provide any personal data in order to search, browse or compare listed applications.We do collect and process personal data belonging to registered users and when submitting forms on the Sites for the following purposes: 

**(i) Application Providers:**  to enable providers to have their company and product and services information listed on our site, we collect: name, surname, professional email address, company name and address, company website, company contact's name, e-mail, telephone number and billing related information. In addition, we collect non-personally identifiable information about the vendor's company including annual revenue and number of employees and customers and multiple data points about their products. **(ii) Business and IT users:**  We collect the personal data belonging to the users registered by filling the forms if a user chooses to fill out a lead form or post a Review, or subscribe to a newsletter or fill out a Contact Us form, including name and surname, company name, professional email address, and phone number. We pass this information on to application providers when a user has allowed us to do so, specifically when a lead form is filled.

During the registration process or the form filling process, the fields specified with an asterisk (*) must be filled in, as they are mandatory and strictly necessary to respond to the request. When all fields must be filled it will be stated at the beginning of the form and no asterisk will be displayed. The filling of the other fields is voluntary. If you refuse to submit to the mandatory personal data and information, you may not be able to benefit from Services and products available at the Sites. The User guarantees that the personal information provided is true, accurate and up to date in the manner that reflects the User’s current situation. The User hereby acknowledges that he/she is exclusively responsible for any inaccuracy, falsity, mistake or error in any submitted personal data and information and may be held liable for any damages whatsoever caused to Nubera eBusiness or third parties, by virtue of using Nubera eBusiness Services. Likewise, we ask User to please inform us of any change in its personal data so that the information contained in our files is up-to-date and error free at all times. Nubera eBusiness will also process other technical information relating to your use of the Sites, as indicated below, such as accessed web pages and Site areas and IP addresses. **It is forbidden to submit any personal data that is non-professional contact data or which contains sensitive data that is relative to identifiable persons such as:**

**(i)** Non-professional contact data such as personal phone numbers or email or home addresses. **(ii)** User’s and or third party’s health, racial origin, membership in a trade union, religion, ideology and sexual life. **(iii)** User’s and or third party’s relative to the commission of criminal offences or proceedings and associated penalties or fines.

  2. **PURPOSES IN DATA COLLECTION AND PROCESSING** The data we collect is processed for the professional purposes indicated in our Terms of Use, including without limitation management of the Sites and Users, matching Application providers with Users that are willing to learn about products and services, displaying relevant content on our Site, contacting Users and sending commercial communications, and such other specific purposes indicated or implicit in each part of the Site.
  3. **USER CONSENT** By filling of forms and sending your personal data, you declare to have read and accepted the terms of this Policy. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, you expressly and unequivocally consent to: 

**(i)** The collection and processing of your professional contact details by Nubera eBusiness in accordance with the indicated purposes established by Nubera eBusiness and this Policy. **(ii)** The processing of your data outside the European Economic Area by third party data processors or cloud-based software tools (e.g. for the purpose of providing professional services to us such as hosting or database management services, or customer relationship services or invoicing services…). **(iii)** The reception of commercial e-mails from Nubera eBusiness or its sites, in accordance with the applicable laws on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce. **(iv)** The communication of the data to other site Users, including outside the European Economic Area (Application Providers or IT/Business users) at the request of the User.

Your consent to personal data collection and processing may be revoked, without retroactive effects, in accordance with the Spanish Organic Data Protection Law.
  4. **RIGHT OF ACCESS, RECTIFICATION, OPPOSITION, CANCELLATION AND CONSENT WITHDRAWAL** Users have the right to access, rectify, erase, block and oppose any processing of their personal data. Moreover, Users may at any time withdraw their consent to the processing of their personal data and information. This withdrawal will not have retroactive effects. The above is without prejudice to provisions of Spanish applicable law enabling conservation of data for the purpose of defending the responsibility of Nubera eBusiness and complying with mandatory legal obligations.The aforementioned rights may be effective by contacting us at legal@getapp.com or at the address set out in the section below under “Contact us”.
  5. **DATA DISCLOSURE** Users authorize us to disclose their personal information to the companies chosen by Users when submitting a lead form.In relation to international disclosures, Users expressly accept that we may disclose or internationally transfer your data to other Users and third parties which are located outside the European Union. This international disclosure or transfer will only be performed for the sole purposes stated under these Terms and Conditions.
  6. **USE OF USER DATA BY OTHER USERS** Any User of the Site who is provided with personal data of other Users ( **“Receiving User”** ) expressly agrees to: 

**(i)  **Process and use the data in accordance with the terms set forth herein and only for the explicit purposes of the Site, or otherwise with the consent of the User. **(ii)** Not to transfer any personal data relating to any individual that has not been expressly authorized by that person or this Policy. **(iii)** Protect the confidentiality of any accessible personal data and avoiding access by any unauthorized third person. **(iv)** Inform Nubera eBusiness within 24 hours about any problem arisen in relation with user data management. **(v)** The Receiving User agrees to be responsible for any illegal use by them of the Site Users’ data. In regard to this clause, illegal use is to be construed to include any use contrary to the applicable data protection laws and/or in violation this Privacy Policy.

  7. **COMMERCIAL COMMUNICATIONS** By filling in and sending your data to Nubera eBusiness during registration, you expressly consent to receive communications regarding the subject matter of the Site and other services. These commercial communications, including alerts, notices, newsletters, offers and promotions, will be always sent by Nubera eBusiness, or by Application Providers to whom you have requested your data to be sent in relation to a request, lead or Application.If you do not wish to receive information form this Web Site and expressly opt out by sending a notification to optout@getapp.com.
  8. **COOKIES AND IPS** To enhance our understanding of your interaction with our Sites, we may use cookies and IP trackers. Nubera eBusiness has a cookies policy that can be consulted [here](https://web.archive.org/about/cookies).
  9. **COLLECTION OF INFORMATION BY THIRD-PARTIES** Our Sites contain links to other web Sites whose information practices may be different than ours. We recommend visitors to consult the respective policies of these third parties for more information on their information practices. Nubera eBusiness’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we have no control over the activities or information that is submitted to, nor collected and processed by, these third parties.We may partner with identified third parties however we do not provide any personally identifiable information to these third parties without your consent.



* * *
