> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the appcast.io privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180114142748id_/https%3A//appcast.io/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Appcast | Privacy Policy - Appcast

## Privacy Policy

## Appcast’s Privacy Policy

#### (Revised and Effective – March 18th, 2014)

This Privacy Policy describes (i) the types of information we collect from you when you use the Appcast service (the “Service”); (ii) how we use the information we collect; (iii) with whom and why we share it; and (iv) the choices we offer regarding our use of the information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how to contact us about our privacy practices.

By accessing and continuing to use the Service after having an opportunity to review this Privacy Policy, you accept the Privacy Policy in its entirety and without modification and consent to our collection, use and sharing of the information as described herein. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service.

### What Information Do We Collect?

#### Information You Provide Us

When you register as a user of the Service and at other times, you submit basic information such as your company name, email address, phone number and physical address. We also collect and maintain your user ID and password, which you create and provide to use. In connection with using the Service, from time to time, you will provide us with job openings and job ads along with the cost-per-applicant you are willing to pay.

#### Information Collected Through Technology

To provide the Service, we collect certain information from job applicants using automated means, such as cookies and web beacons. We use cookies and web beacons to collect information from job applicants when they click on an Appcast sponsored job ad at third party websites and when job applicants start and complete a job application at your website or a website operated by your applicant tracking system. The information we collect in this manner includes IP address, browser type, device type, operating system, referring URLs, and dates and times of site visits. A cookie is a text file that websites send to a user’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the device and browser or to store information or settings in a browser. A web beacon, also known as an Internet tag or pixel tag, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server.

Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but browser settings can be changed to prevent these cookies from collecting information. Disabling cookies does not necessarily disable the use of pixel tags, web beacons and other technologies that collect information.

#### We do not collect the following information from job applicants:

  * Name
  * Contact information (e.g., email address, physical address, telephone number)
  * Social Security Number, Driver’s License Number or other personally identifying number
  * Payment card information or other financial information
  * Job application data (other than confirmation that a job application is started and completed)



#### How Do We Use the Information We Collect?

We use the information you provide to us and the information we collect from job applicants for the following purposes:

  * Creating and managing your user account
  * Providing the Services to you, including publication of your job ads to third party sites and
  * monitoring job applicants generated by Appcast sponsored job ads
  * Responding to and communicating with you about your questions and comments
  * Sending you news and updates about the Service
  * Operating, evaluating and improving our Service (including developing new services; managing our communications; and performing accounting, auditing, and other internal functions)
  * Performing data analyses
  * Complying with applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies



You acknowledge and agree that we own all of the information we collect from job applicants, including information collected via cookies and web beacons regarding job ad views, job application starts and job application completions. We may use such information for any purpose whatsoever in connection with our business; provided, however, that we will not sell such information to data brokers or any other third parties. Further, in no event will we publicly disclose any performance-related data specific to you.

#### Who Do We Share Information With?

We do not sell or otherwise disclose the information we collect, except as described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise disclosed when the information is provided. We may share your information with advertising and marketing partners for purposes of publishing your job ads and with other third parties who perform services on our behalf.

#### Compliance with Law and Safety

We will disclose the information we collect if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or to protect the rights and property of StartDate Labs, Inc. or the public. We may also cooperate with law enforcement agencies in any official investigation and we may disclose information to the relevant agency in doing so.

#### Corporate Transactions

We reserve the right to share information in connection with any corporate transaction, including any merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of stock and/or assets, or other corporate change or financing transaction including, whether during the course of any due diligence process or otherwise.

#### Data Storage and Security

Information security is important to us. The security of your information depends on your protection of your account user IDs and passwords. Please do not disclose your user IDs or passwords to unauthorized people. We use reasonable efforts to keep your information safe. Although we take reasonable precautions to protect your information, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur.

#### Changes in Privacy Policy

From time to time we may update this Privacy Policy and will post a notice of any significant changes on our website. You should visit this page periodically to review any such changes to the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Service will be subject to the terms of the then- current Privacy Policy.

#### Your Responsibility Regarding Privacy Disclosures

You are responsible for providing privacy notices to your job applicants, including notice that we are collecting certain information as described herein and any other notices required by applicable law.

#### Governing Law

This Privacy Policy and your use of the Service will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Hampshire, without giving effect to its conflicts of law provisions. By accessing or using the Service, you consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in New Hampshire. A printed version of this Privacy Policy will be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Privacy Policy to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.

#### Enforceability; Non-waiver

In the event that any provision of this Privacy Policy conflicts with applicable law, rule, regulation or order or if any provision is held invalid by a court with competent jurisdiction, then such provision will be deemed to be restated to reflect as nearly as possible our original intentions, and the remainder of this Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect. Any failure by us to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of the Privacy Policy or to exercise any right under the Privacy Policy will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of our right to assert or rely upon any such provision or right in that or any other instance, rather, the same will be and remain in full force and effect.

#### Contact

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: contact@appcast.io
