> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the appdynamics.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140620202938id_/http%3A//www.appdynamics.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | AppDynamics

**OUR POLICY**

Welcome to the web site (the  **“Site”** ) of AppDynamics Inc. ( **“AppDynamics”** ,  **“we”** ,  **“us”**  and/or  **“our”** ). This Site is operated by AppDynamics and has been created to provide information about our company and its products and services (the  **“Products”** ) to you as a visitor to our Site or user of our Products ( **“you”**  and/or  **“your”** ). This Privacy Policy sets forth AppDynamics’ policy with respect to information, including personally identifiable data ( **“Personal Data”** ), that is collected from visitors to the Site and users of the Products.

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

When you interact with us through our Site or Products, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:

**Personal Data That You Provide Through the Site or Products**

We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, purchase a Product, register your Product or otherwise use certain Products. In addition, when you access or use a Product we may collect metrics on your activities, such as web pages visited, length of visit, and which features of our product you use. In order to have access to certain Products and/or to purchase certain items, you may be required to provide credit card detail or other acceptable payment information. Wherever AppDynamics collects Personal Data we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy. 

**By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to us through the Site or in connection with any Product, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of AppDynamics and the authorized third parties referred to herein located in the United States.  **

**Other Information  **

**Non-Identifiable Data:  **When you interact with AppDynamics through the Site or any Product, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. AppDynamics may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by AppDynamics affiliates, agents or service providers. We may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers and the use of our Products. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.

In operating the Site, we may use a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Site gives to your browser when you access the Site. Additionally, third-party widgets such as YouTube or Twitter may install cookies depending on their configuration.  Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately. For instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Site without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the Site. However, these cookies are not required for site functionality and you are not required to accept any cookies to use this site. On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Site’s features. The Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the Site analyze how users use the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. As noted above, on most web browsers you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Site. By using the Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. The Site also automatically captures IP addresses. AppDynamics uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user movement, ensure the security of your interaction with the Site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

**Managing Cookies and Do Not Track:**  You can inform the web services with which the Site or Products integrate (such as social buttons, widgets, and other embedded features or content) that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits to be collected. Enabling “Do Not Track” in your web browser settings is an easy way to accomplish this. The “Do Not Track” browser setting is supported by recent versions of major browsers, including Firefox 5+, Internet Explorer 9+, Safari 5.1+, and Google Chrome. Please consult [http://donottrack.us](http://donottrack.us/) on how to enable this privacy setting on your browser. You can also change the way your browser handles cookies. Already existing cookies can be deleted. Please consult [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/) on how to manage or delete cookies in your browser.

**Aggregated Personal Data:  **In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Site and Products, AppDynamics often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and AppDynamics may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. AppDynamics may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Products to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.

**OUR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER INFORMATION**

AppDynamics uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by e-mail, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to purchase or register a Product, we will use your Personal Data to permit you to conduct such activities. AppDynamics and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the “Related Companies”) may also use your Personal Data as well as personally non-identifiable information collected through the Site and Products to help us improve the content and functionality of the Site and Products, provide customers with Product updates, better understand our users and improve the Site and Products. AppDynamics and its Related Companies may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about products or services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future communications.  In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.

If AppDynamics intends on using any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected.

**APPDYNAMICS AGENTS**

Certain of our Products utilize applications (agents) that collect and capture information from users of the Products. 

**OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER INFORMATION**

AppDynamics is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:

**Business Transfers**

As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.

**Related Companies  **

We may also share your Personal Data with our Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. 

**Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties**

AppDynamics, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.

**Strategic Partners; Service Providers**

AppDynamics may make certain of your Personal Data available to third parties that AppDynamics has a strategic relationship with or that perform work for AppDynamics to provide the Products to you. These third parties may help AppDynamics process information, fulfill orders, deliver Products, manage and enhance user data, provide customer service, assess your interest in Products or conduct user research and surveys. These companies are obligated to protect your Personal Data and may have their own privacy policies if you link to or access their websites or systems.

**Legal Requirements**

AppDynamics may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of AppDynamics, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or Products or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability. 

**YOUR CHOICES**

You can visit certain portions of the Site and use certain portions of the Products without providing any Personal Data. If you choose not to provide any Personal Data, you may not be able to use certain portions of the Site or Products.

**EXCLUSIONS**

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by AppDynamics other than Personal Data collected through the Site or Products. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to AppDynamics through the Site or Products or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Site, such as bulletin boards (collectively, “Public Areas”), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and AppDynamics shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.

**CHILDREN**

AppDynamics does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Site or Products. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data through the Site or Products without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to AppDynamics through the Site or Products, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.

**THIRD PARTY SITES AND PRODUCTS**

This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site and Products. The Site or Products may contain links to or otherwise interact with other web sites or products not operated or controlled by AppDynamics (the “Third Party Sites/Products”), including third party add-ons, applications and other software that could track your usage or collect Personal Data. The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites/Products. We suggest contacting those third parties directly for information on their privacy policies. 

**SECURITY**

AppDynamics takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Site and Products from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail or messages sent to or from the Site or Products may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to AppDynamics via the Internet. 

**OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS**

Your access to and use of the Site is subject to the Terms of Use at [www.appdynamics.com/terms-of-use](https://www.appdynamics.com/terms-of-use), and your use of any Product is subject to the applicable the end user terms and conditions for such Product.

**CHANGES TO APPDYNAMICS’ PRIVACY POLICY**

The Site, our Products and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for AppDynamics to make changes to this Privacy Policy. AppDynamics reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Site or Products after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.

**ACCESS TO INFORMATION; CONTACTING APPDYNAMICS**

To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Site or Products.

Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about AppDynamics’ Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Site or Products.
