> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the appery.io privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161130191655id_/https%3A//appery.io/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement | Appery.io

Appery, LLC. respects your right to privacy and your right to limit information exchanges to only those you initiate. We do acquire certain personal information from private individuals in the course of business, but we do not share this personal information with third parties. We do use this information to better serve you and facilitate your use of our web site.

Appery  may acquire a private individual’s personal information from registration forms, product order information, or e-mail messages sent to us. Only those Appery  employees who require this information will have access to it. The Appery web server also records visitor IP addresses and domain names for reporting and site usage analysis. This information is reported internally and then purged when necessary. Appery will not intentionally disclose a private individual’s personal information to any third parties for marketing or promotional purposes or for any other purpose unless a court orders us to do so or unless the private individual authorizes us to do so, it which case we may disclose personal information to the extent of the authorization. If, despite our security precautions, personal information about a private individual is inadvertently disclosed, we will do everything reasonable to limit and remedy the disclosure. However, Appery accepts no liability for any unintentional disclosure.

If you supply Appery with your e-mail address, postal address, and/or phone number through our site, you may receive promotional or informational communications from Appery or from Appery’s parent company Exadel, Inc. If you prefer not to receive these communications, or if you have any questions about how we use the information you provide, please send an e-mail message to us at [hello@appery.io](mailto:hello@appery.io)
