> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the appgrooves.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190712145933id_/https%3A//appgrooves.com/docs/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# None

AppGrooves

Privacy Policy

Last updated: 10/01/2017

AppGrooves Corp. (“AppGrooves,” “we” or “us”) is pleased to provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information we receive from you and other users of the AppGrooves service, through our website located at https://appgrooves.com (the “Website”) and through our mobile application software.  Such service, the software application and the Website are collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as the “Application.”  This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Application. AppGrooves reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and we will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Website at http://appgrooves.com/privacy.html.  We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.  Your continued use of the Application will be subject to the then-current privacy policy.

The data that we regularly collect about users of our Application, including, but not limited to, information about our users’ hardware, devices, and usage of the Application, such as IP address, browser type, pages accessed, duration of visit, use data, device ID, device type, application name, version information, installed applications, running applications, etc.) does not necessarily enable us to personally identify you, and that is not our intention.  

We do collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your username, name, age, zip code, geographic location, phone number and email address (your “Personal Information”), when you voluntarily provide it by registering for an account with us or signing into the Application by using Facebook Connect or your Twitter credentials.  You may also provide Personal Information to us in other ways, such as by requesting user support.  You may consider some of this information to be sensitive so you should choose carefully regarding whether and if you will use the Application.  Once you become a user, you may provide additional information in your profile section.  Providing additional information is optional. To facilitate your use of the Application, AppGrooves may automatically collect certain types of information when you access or use the Application.  In order to collect this data, AppGrooves may utilize automated tools and files such as “cookies” or server logs, or utilize location information from your mobile device. These automated tools and files may reside on our servers or on your computer or mobile device.  If you restrict our ability to use automated tools and files, your ability to access and use all or part of the Application may be limited or disabled completely.  Also, please be aware that third parties may set cookies on your hard drive or use other means of passively collecting information about your use of their services or content. We do not have access to, or control over, these third-party means of passive data collection.  

AppGrooves uses your Personal Information primarily to provide you with the Application and to provide customized content on the Application that is of interest to you.  The information is also used to verify your authority to access the Application and to contact you when reasonably necessary.  AppGrooves may also use any information you have provided as reasonably necessary to administer or provide customer support for the Application, and to provide you with periodic printed or electronic communications about new products and services, discounts, special offers, promotions, or upcoming events.  You may opt-out of receiving some or all non-Application related communications by following the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in any of the communications sent to you, or updating your account information.  Also, your full name and email address may be used when you use the Application to send a message to another user. Additionally, we use your email address to contact you on behalf of other friends on the site (such as when another user sends you a message).

In our mission to deliver more personalized recommendation results to users, AppGrooves will use your data anonymously in our own research to better understand recommendation algorithms and improve our services, products, features and content.  We may also share anonymous Personal Information with third-party researchers.  Personal Information we share with a third party will be anonymous and not associated with your name or any identifying information provided by AppGrooves.

We may receive personal information from third parties about their users, and may combine this information with Personal Information we maintain about you. If we do so, this policy governs the combined information.  Depending on your account settings, certain information you provide may be available to other users of the Application.

AppGrooves may disclose your Personal Information to third parties from time to time in our sole discretion.  For this reason you should not disclose information to AppGrooves that you do not want shared with third parties.  In addition to the foregoing, AppGrooves will disclose your Personal Information as it believes is reasonably necessary to comply with law, regulation or other governmental authority, to enforce our Terms of Service or any other agreements (including investigation of potential violations thereof), to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues, to protect the property and rights of AppGrooves or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any activity AppGrooves may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, inappropriate or legally actionable.

AppGrooves may also contract with various third parties who help us provide and maintain the Application (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, payment processing, and improvement of the Application’s features). In these cases, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent such third parties from disclosing your Personal Information, except for the purpose of providing the services in question.  

AppGrooves may disclose, transfer and assign your Personal Information upon a merger with another entity, a transfer or sale to another entity of all or substantially all of AppGrooves’s stock or assets or upon any bankruptcy or other corporate reorganization.

When you use our Application, all of the information that you submit, which may include name, email address, photographs and comments, will be publicly available to third parties and we may not have control over what they do with it.  By using our Application, you consent to such disclosure.  AppGrooves may make available to users chat rooms, forums, message boards, and other interactive features.  You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g. username, email address) via forums, postings, profiles or other methods, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in your communication, can be collected, correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of AppGrooves. Please do not post any personal information through the Applications that you expect to keep private. Please note that we will disclose the information you direct us to disclose, even if it contains Personal Information, for example if you opt-in to share user comments, geographic location, or other content or information on a third-party service, such as Facebook or Twitter.  

You may choose to allow the Application to provide alerts. Should you allow the Application to provide alerts, you understand and agree that this service may be provided using services operated outside of the Application, including, but not limited to, systems such as Push Notification Service by Apple and Google (collectively the “App Stores”). You understand and agree that pertinent data needed for such alerts will be transmitted and temporarily be stored on services operated by us, and that at the appropriate time, this alert data will be transmitted via corresponding services, e.g., the App Stores’ Push Notification Service, for delivery to your device or chosen delivery endpoints. At no time is the Personal Information you provide transmitted via the third-party delivery service unless as required by the nature of the delivery mechanism (email, for example, requires your name and email address for delivery). Should you disagree with the mechanism of this service, you agree to disable and not use alerts as provided in the Application.

For your convenience, we may provide links to certain third party websites or referrals to certain third parties’ products or services.  If you choose to visit a third party’s website or use its products or services, please be aware that the third party’s privacy policy, and not the AppGrooves privacy policy, will govern your activities and any information you disclose while interacting with the third party.

Because any Personal Information you submit to AppGrooves is purely voluntary and should not be of a particularly sensitive nature, we employ our standard security measures with respect to this information and do not use special encryption methods at this time.  Please note that AppGrooves cannot guarantee the security of user account information.  Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.

As part of our referral program, we may request personally identifiable information of our users’ friends and family whom they think would like to receive information on the Application. The persons referred to us will be contacted only by AppGrooves.  We use and treat information our users provide about their referrals in the same way we use and treat information about users who register directly with AppGrooves.

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information relating to children. In the event that we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age without prior parental consent, we will take steps to promptly delete such information. By providing your personal information to AppGrooves, through the Application, you represent that you are 13 years of age or older. 

The Website is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting from the European Union (EU) or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your personal data you consent to:

(1)        The use of your personal data for the purposes identified above in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and

(2)        The transfer of your personal data to the United States as indicated above.

AppGrooves does not guarantee error-free performance under this Privacy Policy.  We may not always catch an unintended privacy issue, despite our efforts to do so.  Accordingly, we welcome your feedback regarding any privacy concerns that you may have, including how we can improve this Privacy Policy.  We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this Privacy Policy and will take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with it.

This Privacy Policy is subject to the terms in our Terms of Service, available for review at http://appgrooves.com/tos.html, including terms regarding limitations on damages and disclaimers of warranties.  Our Terms of Service take precedence over any conflicting provision in this Privacy Policy.  

If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please feel free to contact us at:

AppGrooves, Corp.

940 Stewart Dr, #244

Sunnyvale, CA 94085

contact@appgrooves.com
