> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the applift.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151210184259id_/http%3A//www.applift.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AppLift - data driven app marketing

( If you are coming from outside US, the following [Privacy Policy](http://website-cdn.applift.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/For-Privacy-Policy-in-German.pdf) Apply. ) 

* * *

Effective Date: 08/07/2015 

[](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/validation?rid=4f15fbee-c079-4ae5-913e-92e260eef523 "TRUSTe Privacy Certification")

This privacy policy applies to [www.applift.com](http://www.applift.com/) owned and operated by AppLift. AppLift (“we”, “us” or “our”) is committed to protecting the privacy your personally identifiable information. We provide this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) in order to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is used by us. You must agree to this Privacy Policy, in its entirety, including our use of cookies in order to: register an account (“Account”) with the AppLift affiliate network (“Affiliate Network”) and log-into your Account as member of the Affiliate Network. Your acceptance of both this Privacy Policy and our use of cookies on the Site shall be deemed a blanket acceptance of such Privacy Policy and cookie usage for all future attempts to log-in and access your Account. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy in its entirety, you are not authorized to register for an Account on the Affiliate Network. 

  
AppLift has received TRUSTe’s Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program viewable on the validation page available by clicking the TRUSTe seal. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website, [__](http://www.applift.com/)_[www.applift.com](http://www.applift.com/)_ and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the website or through our mobile applications. In order to view our relationship with TRUSTe please visit the validation page visible by clicking on the TRUSTe seal. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact TRUSTe at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. 

Privacy Policies Used in Connection with Your Subscription. When you register for an Account on the Affiliate Network, we use a password-protected third party portal to store your personally identifiable information, and we may share your personally identifiable information with such third party (“Third Party Agent”) as is necessary for the performance of your Account and the Affiliate Network. 

Personally Identifiable Information We collect personally identifiable information when you register for an Account or otherwise choose to provide personally identifiable information to us. Personally identifiable information is any information that can be used to identify or locate a particular person or entity. This may include, but is not limited to: business entity name and/or your title with the applicable business entity, as well as your personal and/or business entity related e-mail address, mailing address, daytime and/or cellular telephone numbers, fax number, account information (or other information that we require in order to pay any amounts due to you under the Affiliate Network) and/or any other information requested on the applicable Subscriber registration form. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, your account information shall be considered “Sensitive Information.” 

Non-Personally Identifiable Information We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you when you visit certain pages of this Site and/or register for an Account on the Affiliate Network and store it in log files, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows ’98 or Mac OS), Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, referring/exit pages, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink), and share such information with our Third Party Agent. We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of the Site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze Site usage. We do link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. 

Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies To enhance your experience with the Site, we use “cookies, beacons, tags and scripts.” You cannot register to the Subscription or log-in to the Affiliate Network without agreeing to accept the cookies that we use with the Site. For more specific information on the cookies we use, please see Exhibit A, below. Cookies are small packets of data stored on your computer. Cookies are used by your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. We use session cookies to understand Site usage and to improve the content and offerings on the Site. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. [We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you don’t have to enter it more than once if you so choose. You may set your browser to warn you that cookies are in use, or to block the use of cookies. Most browsers are set to accept cookies. If your browser is not set to accept cookies, certain uses of the Site may require you to go to your browser user preferences to enable cookies. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you change computers, operating systems or browsers, or use multiple computers or browsers, you will need to repeat this process for each computer and each browser. To find out more about cookies, please visit [www.cookiecentral.com](http://www.cookiecentral.com/)

• Web Beacons / Gifs We may additionally collect information using Web beacons, which are commonly referred to in the industry as web bugs, pixel tags or Clear GIFs. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on the Site, in your Account, or in our emails to deliver cookies, count visits and determine if an email has been opened and acted upon. We tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information. 

• 3rd Party Tracking - Our partners or analytics or service providers, use tracking technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts, to analyze trends, administering the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies from these companies on an individual or aggregated basis. 

• Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking [_Here_](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads. 

  * Local Storage Objects (HTML 5) Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.



End User Information We do not collect personally identifiable information about your end users. However, we do use cookies to track anonymous traffic data about your end users. When end users who visit member affiliate sites click on the advertisement(s) they have chosen to display through their Accounts on the Affiliate Network, we will utilize cookies and/or web beacons to track such end users activities at our merchant site(s). In certain circumstances, we may use cookie-less tracking methods to track such end users. 

Use of Information We use your personally identifiable information: (a) to send you information regarding your Account and the Affiliate Network; (b) to track your compliance with the Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”); and/or (c) for validation, suppression, content improvement and feedback purposes. You agree that we, or our Third Party Agent, may contact you at any time with updates and/or any other information that we may deem appropriate for you to receive in connection with your Account on the Affiliate Network. 

Information Sharing As a general rule, and other than in connection with the limited exceptions set forth below, we will not sell, share or rent your personally identifiable information to or with others. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may, from time to time, provide such information to certain third-party administrative vendors for efficiency purposes in providing administrative or program management services in connection with your Account. Any third-party vendor so used has agreed to protect the confidentiality of information provided by us and to use your personally identifiable information only as necessary to provide these services to us. Further, we reserve the right to share your personally identifiable information: (a) where required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process or requested by a court of competent jurisdiction; (b) in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personally identifiable information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information; (c) where you are in violation of this Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions and/or Services Agreement; (d) in the case of a dispute; or (e) where we determine, in our sole discretion, that such disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or a third party, or necessary to protect us from liability of any kind, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. The aforementioned includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection. (f) We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent. 

Frames Some of our pages utilize framing techniques to serve content to from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our Site. Please be aware that you are providing your personally identifiable information to these third parties and not to [www.applift.com](http://www.applift.com/). 

International Transfer of Data. As part of your membership in the Affiliate Network, we may transfer information that we collect about you and your end users, including personally identifiable information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you or your end users are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring information and permitting the transfer of information, including personally identifiable information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. You consent to the transfer of your information to the United States and the use and disclosure of information about you and your end users, including personally identifiable information, as described in this Privacy Policy. 

Data Retention Subject to any mandatory obligations to delete data, your information may be retained by us and in our Third Party Agent portal, server logs, databases and records as long as your account is active or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 

Third Party Links The Site may contain links to third-party websites (“Third Party Websites”). Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of Third Party Websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Site. 

Your Employees Your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy, in their entirety, shall extend to your employees, if any. You agree that any of your employees that access your Account, or visit the Site under the scope of their employment with you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. 

Minors We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children. We will never knowingly collect any personally identifiable information about individuals under eighteen (18) years of age. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected personally identifiable information about an individual under eighteen (18) years of age, that information will be immediately deleted from its database. 

Security 

We endeavor to safeguard and protect our Account holders’ information. When Account holders submit personally identifiable information to the Affiliate Network, their personally identifiable information is protected both online and offline. When our registration process asks registrants to submit Sensitive Information (such as bank account information and/or credit card information), and when we transmit such Sensitive Information, that Sensitive Information is encrypted and protected with SSL encryption software. While we use SSL encryption to protect Sensitive Information online, we protect all other user information online and offline. The Third Party Agent servers that we utilize to store personally identifiable information in are kept in a secure physical environment. The Third Party Agent has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of personally identifiable information stored on its servers. Please be advised that, although we take every reasonable precaution available to protect your data, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot warrant that your information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data at or through our Site is at your own risk. However, access to your personally identifiable information is strictly limited, and not accessible to the public. Only employees, and third party agents, that need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all user information. Employees not adhering to our written firm policies are subject to disciplinary action. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your personally identifiable information. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures. You acknowledge that you provide your personally identifiable information to us with knowledgeable consent and at your own risk. If you have any questions about the security of your personally identifiable information, you can contact us at [_support@applift.com_](mailto:support@applift.com). 

Deleting and Updating Your Information If you would like to delete or update the personally identifiable information that we have collected from you, simply email us at: support@applift.com. We will process your request, where possible and subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, within a reasonable period of time after receipt. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. 

Opting Out of Receiving E-mail You may at any time choose to stop receiving emails containing general information or newsletters regarding AppLift by following the instructions at the end of each such email or by contacting us at support@applift.com. Should you be contacted by our Third Party Agent through email, you can follow the instructions at the end of each such email to stop receiving such emails. There may be a short delay of up to several business days while your request is being verified, deployed and processed across our servers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continue to contact you for the purpose of communicating information relating to your Account, as well as to respond to any inquiry or request made by you. 

Service-Related Emails We will also send you service related email announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. You do not have an option to opt out of these emails, which are not promotional in nature. 

Blog / Forum Our Site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personally identifiable information from our blog or community forum, contact us at support@applift.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personally identifiable information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. 

Testimonials We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our Site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at support@applift.com. 

Social Media Widgets Our Site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Twitter or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. 

Single Sign-On You can submit a job application using sign-in services such as LinkedIn Connect. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personally identifiable information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like LinkedIn Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Site to your profile page to share with others within your network. 

Collection and Use of 3rd Party Personally Identifiable Information 

You may also provide personally identifiable information about other people, such as their name, date of birth and gender. This information is only used for the sole purpose of completing your request or for whatever reason it may have been provided. 

Notification of Changes We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a clear and conspicuous notice on the Site explaining that we are changing our Privacy Policy. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Site. Please check the Site periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Site and/or acceptance of our e-mail communications following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any and all changes. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. 

Contact Us If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or would like more information on our privacy practices, please contact us at: support@applift.com or through our address below. AppLift GmbH Rosenstraße 17 10178 Berlin Germany 

Exhibit A More about cookies on [www.applift.com](http://www.applift.com/) Using [www.applift.com](http://www.applift.com/) requires the use of cookies. If you have do not want to accept the cookies for [www.applift.com](http://www.applift.com/) or from any of our third parties, you won’t be able to use our service. 

We use a cookie to remember your cookie preferences this has a couple of consequences: If you delete all your cookies you will have to update your preferences with us again. If you use a different device, computer profile or browser you will have to tell us your preferences again. The cookies used on [www.applift.com](http://www.applift.com/) are based on the International Chamber of Commerce guide for cookie categories: Strictly necessary Performance Functionality For more information about cookies, see the Further Reading link below. 

Strictly Necessary ‘Strictly Necessary’ cookies let you move around the website and login to your secure account. These cookies don’t gather any information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you’ve been on the internet. We use these Strictly Necessary cookies to… Identify you as being logged in to [www.applift.com](http://www.applift.com/) Remember things like information you’ve entered on forms when you navigate to different pages in a single web browser session Help you use specific features like testing tracking links Make sure you connect to the right service on our website when we make any changes to the way the website works ‘Strictly Necessary’ cookies will NOT be used to… Gather information that could be used to advertise products or services to you Remember your preferences or username beyond your current visit 

Accepting these cookies is a condition of using the website, so if you prevent these cookies we can’t guarantee your security or predict how our website will perform during your visit. Here is a list of the cookies we have defined as ‘strictly necessary’. [www.applift.com](http://www.applift.com/) cookies: PHPSESSID 

Cookies provided by 3rd parties: AppLift does not currently employ any strictly necessary cookies by third parties 

  
Performance ‘Performance’ cookies collect information about how you use our website e.g. which pages you visit, and if you experience any errors. These cookies don’t collect any information that could identify you – all the information collected is anonymous and is only used to help us improve how our website works, understand what interests our users and measure how effective our advertising is. We use performance cookies to… Provide statistics on how our website is used See how effective our adverts are (we don’t use this information to target adverts to you when you visit other websites Provide feedback to partners that one of our visitors also visited their website. This can include details of any products bought. This lets our partners improve their website, but we don’t allow our partners to reuse this information for further advertising Help us improve the website by measuring any errors that occur Test different designs of our website Cookies we have defined as ‘Performance’ cookies will NOT be used to… Remember your preferences or username beyond your current visit In some cases, some of these cookies are managed for us by third parties, but we don’t allow the third party to use the cookies for any purpose other than those listed above. Using our site indicates that you accept the use of ‘Performance’ cookies. Accepting these cookies is a condition of using the website, so if you prevent them we cannot guarantee how our site will perform for you. Here is a list of the cookies we have defined as ‘Performance’ [www.applift.com](http://www.applift.com/) cookies aff_conversions __utma __utmb __utmc __utmz _pmy_visit _pmy_visitor is_returning chartbeat2 

Cookies provided by 3rd parties AppLift does not currently employ any performance cookies provided by third parties 

Functionality ‘Functionality’ cookies are used to provide services or to remember settings to improve your visit. We use ‘Functionality’ cookies to… Remember settings you’ve applied such as layout, text size, preferences and colours Remember if we’ve already asked you if you want to fill in a survey Provide proactive live chat sessions to offer you support or submit a trouble ticket Show you when you’re logged in to the website Share information with partners to provide a service on our website. The information shared is only to be used to provide the service, product or function and not for any other purpose Cookies defined as ‘Functionality’ will not be used to… Target you with adverts on other websites Some of these cookies are managed for us by third parties – where this is the case we don’t allow the third party to use the cookies for any purpose other than those listed above. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may mean we can’t offer you some services, and will reduce the support we can offer you. It’s also possible that preventing these cookie stops us remembering that you didn’t want a specific service. Here is a list of the cookies we have defined as ‘Functionality’. app_user swidth Cookies provided by 3rd parties Cookie Host edition .hasoffers.com network_id .hasoffers.com networkname .hasoffers.com networkurl .hasoffers.com __lc.serverchat1c .livechatinc.com 

Further Reading Useful information about cookies can be found at: All about cookies: [http://www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/) Internet Advertising Bureau – A guide to behavioral advertising and online privacy has been produced by the internet advertising industry which can be found at: [http://www.youronlinechoices.eu](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/) International Chamber of Commerce United Kingdom – Information on the icc (uk) uk cookie guide can be found on the icc website section: [http://www.international-chamber.co.uk/our-experti...](http://www.international-chamber.co.uk/our-expertise/digitaleconomy)

\- See more at: [http://www.applift.com/privacy-policy.html#sthash....](http://www.applift.com/privacy-policy.html#sthash.E9A9p0Yb.dpuf)
