> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the appliancezone.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606161521id_/http%3A//www.appliancezone.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Appliance Zone

## Appliance Zone  
Privacy and Security Policy

Your privacy is important, so we have created the following Privacy & Security Policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit our web site, Appliance Zone, why we collect it, and how it is used. This Privacy & Security Policy also addresses our data security practices, the options you have to access and control any personally identifiable information you provide to us, and other matters. This Privacy & Security Policy is governed by our Terms and Conditions. We may periodically make changes to this Privacy & Security Policy which will be included on this page. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy & Security Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this page often.

## What information do we collect from you? Why?

We will collect information needed to contact you. If we collect personal contact information (as described below), you may later access and modify it, and remove it from our system. All information collected is 100 % confidential and is not distributed to any outside source. This information will not be used for telemarketing or spamming services.

## We will collect your name, address and phone number

When you use our website, we will request your first and last name, home or other physical address, including your street name and address and name of your city or town, your telephone number or other "real world" contact information. We use this information to complete, support and analyze your purchases from Appliance Zone and use of the Appliance Zone web site, for internal purposes and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be disclosed to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order or the analysis and support of your use of the Appliance Zone web site.

## We will collect your email address

We will request your email address, and other information needed to contact you online. We use it to complete, support and analyze your purchases from Appliance Zone and use of the Appliance Zone web site, and to comply with any requirements of law. We use it to respond to any questions you might have and to provide you with information about specials occurring on the Appliance Zone web site if you have chosen this service on the website. This information may be disclosed to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order or the analysis and support of your use of the Appliance Zone website.

## We may collect other kinds of information from you

When you use our web site, we may collect personal information about you described below. You may later access and modify the information, or have it removed. You may also simply choose not to provide your personal contact information at the point of collection; however, if you do not provide such information, we will be unable to complete your purchase.

## We may collect purchase information

We may collect information actively generated by the purchase of a product or service, such as a payment method. We use this information to process your order and analyze and support your use of the Appliance Zone web site. This information may be disclosed only to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order or the analysis and support of your use of the Appliance Zone web site.

## We may collect navigation and clickstream data

As you browse our web site, we may gather navigational and clickstream data that shows what pages are visited and how long various features are used. This information will not reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete, analyze and support your purchases from Appliance Zone. This information may be disclosed only to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order, and the analysis and support of your use of the Appliance Zone web site. This information will only be taken from the time that was spent on our site alone, and not previously visited sites.

## Certain exception disclosures

We may disclose your information if necessary to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, or Appliance Zone has good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the requirements of law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or legal process served on Appliance Zone or (2) to protect and defend the property or rights of Appliance Zone, the users of its website or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk protection. If Appliance Zone should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, we may transfer the information you provide to us on the Appliance Zone website to a third party we have merged with or sold our marketing rights to.

## What are cookies? Why do we use them?

Cookies are very tiny text files that are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages that record your preferences. Appliance Zone uses cookies to keep track of what you have in your shopping cart and to remember you when you return to our store. They cannot harm your computer and they do not contain any personal or private information. You must accept cookies to shop at Appliance Zone.

## How do we protect information we collect?

We offer secure web pages to collect certain kinds of user information and we store certain kinds of data in encrypted form. We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our web site reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. Appliance Zone servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption technology that works with most current browsers, so that only Appliance Zone can read a customer's personal information.

## How long do we keep user information?

We generally keep user data on our server or in our archives for as long as we reasonably need it. We may alter this practice according to changing requirements. For example, we may delete some data if needed to free up storage space. We may keep other data for longer periods if the law requires it. In addition, information posted in a public forum could stay in the public domain indefinitely. Data management requests are administered in an orderly manner to the extent feasible and within our direct control. Note: we have greater control over recently collected data than for archived data. Once data is removed from the system and archived, it may not be feasible to accommodate specific requests. In those cases, our general data retention policy applies.

## Your consent to this policy

By using the Appliance Zone web site, you agree to this Privacy & Security Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy & Security Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. Our Terms and Conditions take precedence over any conflicting Policy provision. We may change our Privacy & Security Policy by posting a new version of the policy on this page which it is your responsibility to review upon site entrance.
