> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the appointmentcore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160313074821id_/https%3A//www.appointmentcore.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | AppointmentCore

Our Sites also contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by Company. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Sites and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. 

  * **No Information From Children Under Age 13.**  If you are under the age of 13, please do not attempt to register with us at the Sites or provide any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from a child under the age of 13, please [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/contact-us/) or call us at 1.866.551.2372.
  * **Terms of Use.**  Please note that your use of our Sites is also subject to our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms/).



## Information We Collect and How We Use It

  1. **Information You Provide Us.**  You can provide information to us on our Sites through various means, including creation of an online account, newsletter sign-up, feedback forms, contact us forms, e-mail forms, information pages, smart phone or mobile apps, surveys and contests, user generated content (including blog posts, comments, photos, videos, messages, social media, etc.), connecting to us via social media sites such as Facebook, request for information forms and via the Infusionsoft API. The information we collect includes personally identifiable information, such as your name, home address, work address, billing address, shipping address, telephone numbers (both work and personal), and e-mail address. If you purchase any products or services through our Sites, we also collect your credit card or debit card number, payment history and related information, as applicable. We maintain your order status and order history. Other online account services include providing us with your Infusionsoft access information to use some of the functionality on the Sites. Should you provide us with your Infusionsoft, we store this access information for better customer support.
  2. **Information We Collect Automatically.**  We collect certain information automatically as you use our Sites, including your IP address, geolocation information, browser type, computer type, operating system version, type of mobile device (if used), the site from where you navigated to our Sites, time and date of using the Sites, your computer operating system, the name of your Internet service provider (ISP), your unique device identifier number. We do use Google Analytics on our Sites. This information is anonymous, and we do not link it to your personally identifiable information. We also receive data about you from third parties, such as Infusionsoft. If you are downloading one of our e-mail plug-ins (“plug-in software”), your e-mails and contacts are synched with our server when you launch the plug-in software. We collect your e-mails and contacts to provide the functionality for our plug-in software. To remove your e-mails and contacts from our server, please do the following: Should you provide us with your Infusionsoft information, we do the following:
  3. **Cookies.**  When you visit our Sites we send one or more “cookies” to your computer or other device. A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, tracking user trends and providing relevant advertising to you. We use persistent, session and flash cookies, and may use other types of cookies in the future.
  4. **Our Sites uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Sites.** Google Analytics uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Sites (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the Sites and to compile statistical reports on website activity for us. For more information about Google Analytics, including Google’s privacy policy, please visit:  
<http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html>.



## How We Use and Share Your Information

  1. **To Provide Products, Services, and Information.**  As described above, we collect information from you so that we can provide products and services that you purchase using the Sites, and information that you request from us. We use your personal information to contact you about your orders, process credit card / debit card transactions, and ship products to you. We may provide information to third party service providers that help us bring you the services we offer. For example, we may use third parties to help host our website, send out e-mail updates about the Sites, remove repetitive information from our user lists, and process payments. These service providers may have access to your personal information for use for a limited time, but when this occurs we implement reasonable contractual and technical protections to limit their use of that information to helping us provide the service. We use demographic information to better understand our customers, and improve our products and services.
  2. **Online Account.**  When you create an online account, you can store your personal information and use it later when purchasing products on our Sites. You can also view your current orders and order history.
  3. **Newsletters.**  If you sign-up to receive newsletters or other communications from us, we use your e-mail address and other relevant personal information to provide the newsletters and other communications to you. You can always opt-out of receiving e-mail newsletters or advertisements by using the opt-out feature provided with the e-mail communications.
  4. **Advertising.**  We use cookies and other information to provide relevant interest-based advertising to you. Interest-based ads are ads presented to you based on your browsing behavior in order to provide you with ads more tailored to your interests. These interest-based ads may be presented to you while you are browsing our site or third-party sites not owned by Company. We belong to ad networks that may use your browsing history across participating websites to show you interest-based advertisements on those websites.
  5. **Legal Requests or Requirements and to Prevent Harm.**  We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, subpoena or legal process. We may also share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activity, to prevent imminent bodily harm, or to prevent harm to Company, the Sites, or our customers. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, courts, or other government entities.
  6. **Transfer in the Event of Sale or Change of Control.**  If the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes or we otherwise transfer assets relating to our business or the Sites to a third party, we may transfer your personal information to the new owner to be used consistent with this Privacy Policy. In such a case, your information would remain subject to the promises made in the applicable privacy policy.



## Access to Your Information and Choices

  1. If you have questions about personal information we have about you or need to update your information, you can [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/contact-us/) or call us at 1.866.551.2372. You can opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from Company using the “My Account” page, and by using the opt-out or unsubscribe feature contained in the e-mails.
  2. If you close your account, we will no longer use your online account information or share it with third parties. We may, however, retain a copy of the information for archival purposes, and to avoid identity theft or fraud.



## Security of Your Information

In order to help secure your personal information, access to your data on our Sites is password-protected, and sensitive data is protected by SSL encryption when it is exchanged between your web browser and our Sites. To protect any data you store on our servers, we also regularly audit our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. We use firewalls. We also have confidentiality agreements with our employees, and with some service providers and third parties. However, since the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot guarantee, ensure, or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information. Please note that e-mails you send to us through our Sites are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means.

## Changes to Our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to the Privacy Policy on our homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Unless you agree otherwise, the revisions will apply to information collected after the date it is posted on our home page.

## Questions / Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy or otherwise need to contact us, please [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/contact-us/) or call us at 1.866.551.2372. You may also contact us by mail at the following address:  
AppointmentCore  
2673 E Atlantic Blvd #18940  
Pompano Beach, FL 33062
