> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the appogeehr.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141129141914id_/http%3A//www.appogeehr.com/en/company/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Ancoris Limited is committed to protecting the privacy of everyone who visits our websites (including but not limited to [www.ancoris.com,](http://www.ancoris.com/) [www.appogee.co.uk](http://www.appogee.co.uk/) [www.appogeeleave.com](http://www.appogeeleave.com/) and others) "Websites" or subscribes to our services (which include the Cloud Skills Academy, Appogee Leave, Appogee Signatures, Appogee Domain Management Studio, Appogee Bookmarks) "Services" or provides us with personal information by other methods.  

This statement explains what information is gathered us, and how we use it. By using our Websites and Services, you consent to the processing of data about you in the manner and for the purposes set out in this policy.

To contact us, regarding any privacy concerns, you can reach us at [info@ancoris.com](mailto:info@ancoris.com)

## **Information collection**

We collect information in three ways:

  1. Through website forms on which the user knowingly enters information, such as on our trial request, pricing and information request forms on our Websites.
  2. Through user entry of data in our Services.
  3. Through automated collection of information from our Websites and Services such as referring web pages, search terms, pages visited, the user's and organisation's IP addresses, Google Apps Domain information and email addresses.



We also collect information provided to us over the phone, by email, in writing and in person.

We store information in three ways:

  1. In website databases and log files (for web submissions).
  2. In databases to manage, operate and administer our Services.
  3. In our CRM and Support databases.



We do not share personally identifiable information with third-parties other than with our primary business partners and solely as necessary to provide information or services you have requested.

## **Cookies and Privacy**

Ancoris also uses cookies for form field memory, login, and other site customizations and for statistical purposes related to website administration, usage and customer interactions.

Our Websites and Services also use Google Analytics to analyse the use of the websites and generate statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers.

Our Websites and Services also use cookies generated by the ClickDimensions marketing automation solution which is in use on our sites. We take privacy very seriously and are committed to the following:

#### Educating you on web tracking and how to avoid web tracking

    \- The ClickDimensions solution uses a first party cookie to track visitor activity on our web sites. We use this information to improve the content of our sites as well as to provide visitors with a more relevant overall experience with our organization and our site. As mentioned earlier, we never share information you provide us with 3rd parties. If you do not want this site to place a cookie on your browser and track your activity you may leave the site or you may browse the site using [privacy mode in your web browser](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Privacy_mode). To learn how to use privacy mode refer to the links below depending on the browser you use.
    \----- [InPrivate mode in Microsoft Internet Explorer](http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/internet-explorer/products/ie-9/features/in-private)
    \----- [Incognito mode in Google Chrome](http://www.google.com/goodtoknow/manage-data/incognito-mode/)
    \----- [Private browsing mode in Mozilla FireFox](http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Private-Browsing)
    \----- [Private browsing mode in Apple Safari](http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4550)
    \- If you fill out a web form on this site your information will be stored in our CRM system and some amount of your past browsing on this site may be available to our staff to determine your interests so we may more effectively engage with you and so we may improve our site. However, if you use private browsing as described above, you may provide us your information without making your past browsing activity available to us. If you do not wish for us to have your personal information please do not fill out any of the web forms on this site.
    \- If you opt-in to our newsletter or any of our other marketing emails, clicking on a link in any of these emails may cause you to be personally identified on our site and may cause some part of your past browsing history on our site to be available to our staff to determine your interests so we may more effectively engage with you and so we may improve our site. If you do not wish for this tracking to occur you can unsubscribe from our mailings or use private browsing mode to avoid tracking.
    - [Click here to read the Clickdimensions Web Tracking and Privacy paper](http://www.clickdimensions.com/PDF/WebTrackingAndPrivacy-ThreeQuestionsToAskYourMarketingAutomationProvider.pdf). This paper uses simple language to explain the various web tracking techniques that can be used and the privacy implications of each. We take a 'white hat' approach to tracking and never use techniques designed to trick the visitor or share their identification with other sites

#### Never sharing the personally identifiable data you provide to us

    \- Never with third parties other than primary business partners for information or services you have requested
    \- Never with other web sites (e.g. for the purpose of identifying you across unaffiliated web sites)

#### Only emailing you if you have opted in to received our emails or directly provided your email address to us

    \- Ancoris employs a permission based email policy.

#### Making it easy for you to opt-out/unsubscribe from emails

    \- Each email sent from Ancoris using using our ClickDimensions Email Marketing solution provides a clear unsubscribe link which will immediately remove you from any or all of our mailings as you specify

#### Using only permission based web tracking technologies

    \- Ancoris uses first party HTML browser cookies in our web tracking technology. This means that visitors to our site are easily able to set their browsers to reject cookies and are easily able to delete cookies set by us and others. For example, to set the Internet Explorer browser to reject cookies go to Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Settings and select the privacy level (using the slider bar) that you prefer. To delete cookies in Internet Explorer, go to Tools > Internet Options > General > Browsing History and click the Delete button then select the cookies option
    \- Ancoris never stores any information in your computers Flash local shared objects area (i.e. we never use what is known as ˜flash cookies)
    \- Ancoris never uses visitor identification techniques that involve sharing information you provide us with other sites or vice versa

## Information Usage

Information collected may be retained in our database indefinitely.

This information is used to provide our Services, to respond to users requests, to facilitate downloads and evaluations, to support marketing activities both directly and in conjunction with our partners, to select content on the website, to meet legal/regulatory requirements.

Ancoris may share this information with Ancoris partner companies as required for business or licensing purposes. Personally identifiable information will not be given or sold to anyone beyond the partner companies.

Ancoris may also aggregate customer data to produce and or publish statistical reports, however such reports will be produced so that individuals cannot be identified. 

## Opt-in Policy and unsubscribing

By clicking "submit" to send us your personal information on any of the website forms, or by subscribing for our Services or by providing your personal information in writing, by phone, email or in person, you opt-in to receive future emails from Ancoris. Ancoris may use your email address to notify subscribers of support information, technical updates, licence or service renewals and upgrades, new product information, company announcements and relevant news items. If you have previously registered your information with us and you would like to opt-out of being notified in this way by Ancoris, subsequent to your initial request, please send an email to [info@ancoris.com](mailto:info@ancoris.com) with subject of " **unsubscribe** ".
