> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the appradar.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20031203102941id_/http%3A//www.appsecinc.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Application Security Inc. - Securing Business by Securing Enterprise Applications

|  | 

Application Security Inc. (AppSecInc) maintains high standards for the protection of privacy over the Internet. The purpose of this statement is to tell our visitors the types of information AppSecInc obtains about visitors to our websites, how the information is obtained, how it is used, how long it is retained and how visitors can restrict its use or disclosure. The only information AppSecInc obtains about individual visitors to our websites is information supplied voluntarily by the visitor. This means that you can visit our websites without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. To gauge the effectiveness of our websites, we do collect some generic information about our visitors. Our web servers automatically recognize a visitor's domain name (such as .com, .edu, etc.), the web page from which a visitor enters our site, which pages a visitor visits on our site, and how much time a visitor spends on each page. This information does not reveal a visitor's identity. We aggregate this information and use it to evaluate and improve our websites. 

You can choose to provide individual information to AppSecInc in a number of ways through our websites - by ordering a service from us, sending us e-mail, registering to receive news or public policy information, applying for a job or a grant, entering a contest. When visitors supply information about themselves for a specific purpose, AppSecInc uses the information for that purpose (such as to provide the information the visitor has requested or to consider a visitor for a particular job). When visitors use our websites to order services, or to request information about our services, we may use the individual information as we would use the same information obtained off-line - for example, to evaluate your service needs and contact you regarding additional services you may find useful. You have the right to choose not to receive this information by notifying us of your preference. 

We do not sell individual information obtained on-line about our visitors. And, we will not disclose the individual information provided to us on-line to anyone outside of AppSecInc unless you specifically authorize it, it is required by law, or disclosure is necessary to protect the safety of customers, employees or property. If you provide individual information to us in the context of an event AppSecInc sponsors with another company, such as a contest, or if you register on a co-sponsored site or feature, you may also be providing the information to the co-sponsor. This will be made clear to you before you submit the information. 

AppSecInc does not send unsolicited "junk" email (spam). We may use email to communicate with our customers, to respond to visitors' emails, to confirm orders placed online, and to send information that a visitor has requested. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can simply reply to ask not to receive future emails, or visit our website to submit an email address of which you no longer wish to recieve email from us. 

Some of AppSecInc's websites may use "cookies" to improve our level of service to visitors. Cookies are lines of text that are transmitted to your web browser when you click on a site. Your browser stores the information on your hard drive and when you return to that site later, the cookie is transmitted back to the server that originally sent it to you. Cookies provide a way for a server to recall a previous request or previous registration, or to keep track of a transaction as it progresses, so that information does not have to be repeated. To be notified when you are about to receive a cookie you can configure your browser to alert you when a site is attempting to send you a cookie and at that time you will have the option of refusing the cookie. You can check your hard drive for cookie files, on the "cookies.txt" file on your PC's hard drive; or under "magic cookies" on a Macintosh. 

AppSecInc is committed to safeguarding customer privacy on all AppSecInc websites. We require our employees to protect the privacy of information about our customers and expect our partners and suppliers to do so as well. You can feel confident that your individual information will be protected when you access your account or order services from our web sites over the Internet. We employ security measures to safeguard your transactions with us. 

The AppSecInc websites may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites. 

To improve the services it can offer you, AppSecInc may opt to expand its capabilities for obtaining information about users in the future. Application Security will update this privacy statement continually to ensure that you are aware of developments in this area. 

| 
