> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the appsbar.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209051727id_/http%3A//www.appsbar.com/Privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - appsbar

appsbar®  (“appsbar® ”) provides the appsbar®  Web Site (hereinafter referred to as “the appsbar®  Web Site”) as a development platform to enable registered users to create mobile applications that can be stored and shared with other users on within the appsbar®  Web Site and that can, at the respective user’s option, be submitted to various application stores (each an “Application Store”) via the appsbar®  Web Site for potential approval and publication for end-users to download, in accordance with the Terms of Use. 

appsbar®  has developed this Privacy Policy to share with you our information collection practices and the options you have when visiting the appsbar®  Web Site. By using the appsbar®  Web Site, you are agreeing to accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy. 

This Privacy Policy is an online Privacy Policy and applies only to information collected from you through the appsbar®  Web Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you furnish to us offline or in any other manner except through this the appsbar®  Web Site. Moreover, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that you voluntarily share with directly with other user(s) of the appsbar®  Web Site. 

Please note that other web sites affiliated with appsbar® , Inc. may be governed by separate policies. When visiting any of our other web sites, please refer to its Privacy Policy.

We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will revise the "updated" date at the top of the Privacy Policy so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use Personally Identifiable Information (as defined below) in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. In the event that we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we also, in our sole discretion, may notify you either by placing a prominent notice on the home page of the appsbar®  Web Site, by use of a “Pop Up” window you log in, or by sending you a notification directly if you are a registered user. You can also determine when the Privacy Policy was most recently updated by reviewing the “last updated” date at the top of this document. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to stay fully informed about our collection, storage and disclosure practices with respect to your Personally Identifiable Information. Be advised that your continued use of the appsbar®  Web Site constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.

We collect information from our users and visitors at different points on the appsbar®  Web Site and through our software, as set forth in this Privacy Policy. As referenced throughout this Privacy Policy, the term “Personally Identifiable Information” means any piece of information that potentially can be used to uniquely identify, contact, or locate a single person and that appsbar®  collects from you. Personally Identifiable Information may include, without limitation, the following: user name, password, first name, last name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, birth date, credit card number, audio or video in which you are depicted or identifiable, etc. 

Any Personally Identifiable Information collected by appsbar®  will be safeguarded to protect against unauthorized access. Procedures are in place to secure any Personally Identifiable Information provided to appsbar® . appsbar®  stores your personal information in an encrypted computer database on dedicated servers that allow only limited access. appsbar®  employs commercially reasonable efforts to protect this information from loss, misuse, and other unauthorized disclosure, alteration or destruction.

appsbar®  and its affiliates are the sole owners of the information collected; except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy or otherwise communicated to you at the time you provide the information, we will not sell, share, rent or loan this information to any third party. 

appsbar®  guides creators through the entire process – from creation to publication - with visual and textual clues along each step. Creators choose icons from the appsbar®  library or their own, building their own splash-page choosing from a rainbow palette of background colors, text styles and images, a way to customize the navigation toolbar and content, and ability to add as many or few pages as they want. 

You can visit certain pages located at http://www.appsbar® .com without creating a user account or providing any personal data to us. However, many sections of the appsbar®  Web Site are only accessible to registered users, including use of the appsbar®  Development Tool and other related or included software development tools to create mobile applications (each an “Application”). In order to access pages requiring registration, you will be required to create a user account (hereinafter a “User Account”) by completing the registration form and creating a User Name and password. If you create a User Account, appsbar®  may collect certain Personally Identifiable Information when you register, including without limitation your name, e-mail address, security question and answer (for forgotten password or user name retrieval or other security verification), and other basic contact information. In the event that you wish to publish an Application created by you on the appsbar®  Web Site to an Application Store, you will also be required to provide additional information such as mailing address, phone number, gender and age range or birth year. 

Certain sections of the appsbar®  Web Site include forms on which you may choose to supply personalized information that will enable you to make purchases online or receive individualized services or features that we do not offer anonymous users. You can always choose not to provide information; however, if you do choose not to provide such information, you may not be able to make purchases via the appsbar®  Web Site or take advantage of certain other features of appsbar®  Web Site. If you order products or paid services through the appsbar®  Web Site, we will collect Personally Identifiable Information, which may include without limitation, name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and shipping and other contact information for the recipient of the item (if different than yours), your name and account number (if applicable) as well as payment information, such as credit card number, billing address, expiration date and other billing information. 

The appsbar®  Web Site may offerfeatures that allow you to receive electronic alerts or notices about updates to the appsbar®  Web Site, promotional announcements, new or improved features, services, and products, and other information or to permit you to subscribe to newsletters, magazines or other subscriptions. If you elect to take advantage of any of these or similar features, we will collect certain Personally Identifiable Information, which may include without limitation your name, mobile number (if you opt in to receive text alerts), e-mail address, phone number, confirmation of age and other basic contact information. The Form Builder function allows the creator to let users of an individual app fill out and send the app publisher various information such as customer service surveys, a restaurant to-go order, or answers to questions asked through the app. The Social Interaction Platform allows users to share the content within an app across social networks such as LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook feeds to engage users with photos and videos. 

From time to time, we may offer contests, sweepstakes or other games on the appsbar®  Web Site. If you choose to participate in these promotions, you will be asked to provide certain Personally Identifiable Information, such as name, phone number, e-mail address, or other contact information, so that we can contact you if you are determined to be a potential winner or for other reasons related to the promotion. Depending on the particular promotion, you may be asked to provide Personally Identifiable Information in addition to, and different from, the information required during information. Finally, we may announce or post user names for rankings, winner announcements, and other promotion-related purposes. Please consult the specific Official Rules for such promotions for specific information about any such additional or different information collection or uses. We will clearly post the Official Rules for each promotion. Please note that, from time to time, we may retain third party vendors to administer such promotions and in such circumstances, those third parties will be required to collect your Personally Identifiable Information in order to contact potential winners or finalists, fulfill prizes and otherwise administer the promotions. Please review the Official Rules for such promotions carefully, as the Personally Identifiable Information collected during these promotions may be subject to the privacy policies of these third party vendors as well as to this Privacy Policy. In that event, the Official Rules will refer you to the privacy policy of the third party vendors. Please review those privacy policies as well, because we do not have control over the treatment of Personally Identifiable Information by such third party vendors. 

Certain forms on various pages throughout the appsbar®  Web Site may ask users to voluntarily provide a limited amount of demographic information or to complete online surveys that ask you for demographic data, such as your zip code, age or income or educational level. Providing such demographic information and participating in such surveys or other research are always voluntary. appsbar®  aggregates the responses we receive before using the information to improve the products and services we offer. We do not link your individual responses to your Personally Identifiable Information at any time. appsbar®  uses this information for internal marketing research to help us better serve our users and customers and continually improve the features and services available on the appsbar®  Web Site. 

If you create a User Account on the appsbar®  Web Site in order to use the appsbar®  Development Tool or if you otherwise opt-in or request to receive any marketing or promotional materials of any kind from us, you agree thereby to opt-in to our marketing database and you expressly agree that:

  * 1\. appsbar®  may send you promotional materials regarding its products and services as well as those of its affiliates and promotional partners. Such promotional materials may include, without limitation, advertisements and content (including but not limited to alerts), including advertisements and content provided by third parties, via electronic messages to the e-mail address(es) you provide to us during the registration process, and from time to time via other methods. You can opt out of receiving these promotional communications at any time by following the instructions in the e-mail; and
  

  * 1\. appsbar®  may sell, rent, lease, share or exchange your Personally Identifiable Information with any third party; and 
  

  * 1\. appsbar®  may obtain, store, and analyze your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and other data you provide to us from time to time in the course of providing services to you including, but not limited to, content selections, clickstream, and transaction history (all such data referred to herein as "profile data") and to use the above "profile data" to send you targeted advertising electronic messages, and that appsbar®  may transfer your "profile data" to third parties who acquire our services or assets so long as they maintain at least the same level of privacy over such data as we do and conform to this Privacy Policy. 



We may also use your e-mail address to contact you to verify and/or update any information related to services, features or transactions that you have requested via the appsbar®  Web Site. Although you may opt out of the promotional e-mails as noted above, you should be aware that, that as long as you use our products and services or otherwise maintain a business relationship with us, however, you may not opt out of receiving communications from us relating specifically to those products and services or that business relationship.

While accessing and operating software or other product that we make available to you on or through the appsbar®  Web Site, such software or product may record general statistical and tracking information, such as the date and time you access the software or product and the time that you have spent using it. Our product or software may transfer this information to our servers, and such information is used by us or on our behalf for internal resource management purposes. appsbar®  also may collect statistics about the user behavior of the appsbar®  Web Site or any of the application development tools made available via the appsbar®  Web Site. appsbar®  uses information collected for a variety of product and service related purposes, including without limitation, products and services provisioning and assessment for future service improvements. appsbar®  also reserves the right to gather data on usage of its appsbar®  Development Tool or other software programs that it licenses or makes available for use via the appsbar®  Web Site, including server IP addresses, domain counts and other information deemed relevant, to ensure that such software programs are being used in accordance with the terms of the corresponding license agreement. 

As described in greater detail in our Terms of Use, users who create Applications on the appsbar®  Web Site and elect to have them submitted to available Application Stores by using the “PUBLISH” feature, specifically agree to allow appsbar®  to insert banner or other advertisements into such Applications, of appsbar® ’s sole selection and at its sole discretion, prior to submission of such Applications to available online Application Stores. 

You may also provide Personally Identifiable Information to us when you voluntarily communicate with us, such as by requesting information via e-mail, utilizing the “Contact Us” features on the appsbar®  Web Site, or otherwise contacting us electronically. We may retain such Personally Identifiable Information for use and disclosure consistent with this Privacy Policy.

We may enter into agreements with other companies that market software or services that either function similarly to software that we make available or that enhance or extend its functionality or that of the appsbar®  Web Site. Some of these may be third party products that may utilize components of our software. Under the terms of these agreements, we may be required to collect information about your sessions and your use of these third party products and share this information with these third parties.

In order to determine whether your computer is supported by our system, we may collect certain anonymous information. This information includes, but may not be limited to, your operating system and browser, as well as the presence of our software or other third party software on your computer. This information is kept strictly confidential and is not shared with third parties, except as provided in this Privacy Policy. 

We collect additional information about how you use and access the appsbar®  Web Site to analyze trends, administer the appsbar®  Web Site, track user’s navigation on the appsbar®  Web Site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, which enables us to improve the appsbar®  Web Site by making it more accessible and easier to navigate. For example, we may automatically receive and record information in our server logs from your browser, including your IP address (the Internet address of your PC), your computer’s name, the type and version of your web browser, referrer addresses and other generally-accepted log information. IP addresses are not linked to Personally Identifiable Information. We may also record page views (hit counts) and other general statistical and tracking information, which will be aggregated with that of other users in order to understand how the appsbar®  Web Site is being used.

By use of the appsbar®  Web Site, you consent to our use of cookies. A "cookie" is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing information about you. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any Personally Identifiable Information while on the appsbar®  Web Site. Cookies do not contain any registration information that would personally identify you, as all such data is kept behind our firewall. Nor do cookies allow us to track your usage of other web sites or the Internet in general. In addition, when registered users visit the appsbar®  Web Site and log-in using their passwords, the appsbar®  Web Site uses "non-persistent cookies." A non-persistent cookie is a form of technology that a server gives to your browser when you access the appsbar®  Web Site or a section of the appsbar®  Web Site. The use of non-persistent cookies allows you to navigate the appsbar®  Web Site without being required to enter your password more than once during your visit to the appsbar®  Web Site. Also, this cookie is deleted once you leave the appsbar®  Web Site. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default, though you can manually disable the cookies feature of your browser. You should review the online documentation relating to your browser or consult with the provider of your browser for instructions on how to disable cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies on your computer, some parts of the appsbar®  Web Site may not function properly or offer you the same degree of personalization. A “referrer” is the information passed along by a web browser that references the web URL you linked from and is automatically collected by the server for the appsbar®  Web Site. We may collect and use this information to understand the web sites referring traffic to the appsbar®  Web Site and to present appropriate content to our potential users. We may tabulate referrer information on an aggregate basis to identify trends and traffic patterns. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the appsbar®  Web Site, track navigation of the appsbar®  Web Site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to Personally Identifiable Information. appsbar®  may share aggregated demographic information with our partners. This is not linked to any personal information that identifies any individual person. appsbar®  also may use your profile information to create personalized content, offers, and services. 

appsbar®  does not target children under the age of 13 and does not offer or knowingly sell any of its products or services to children. appsbar®  does not knowingly collect any personal information about children under the age of 13.

From time to time, we may use your e-mail address to contact you regarding your User Account, to announce new features or services that may be available via the appsbar®  Web Site, and to verify and/or update any information in or related to your account. We may send e-mails and/or postal mailings to new users and to provide to existing users information regarding their specific Provider products. Periodically, we will send news and information to users and other parties who have expressed interest in us and our products. You can opt out of receiving these promotional communications by logging into your account and updating your preferences on the appsbar®  Web Site. Please note, however, that as long as you use the Service, or any of our products and services, or otherwise maintain a business relationship with us, however, you may not opt out of receiving communications from us relating specifically to the Service or those products and services or that business relationship. 

We may disclose any or all of your Personally Identifiable Information if we are required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to the law or comply with legal process served on us (for example, under a subpoena, court order or other regulatory requirement or to maintain or protect the security of the appsbar®  Web Site); (2) protect and/or defend our rights or property (including our rights in any software that is licensed or made available for use through the appsbar®  Web Site) or other legal interests or of any user of the appsbar®  Web Site or other person; or (3) act in urgent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or any users or other users of the appsbar®  Web Site. If we receive legal process calling for the disclosure of any of your Personally Identifiable Information we will attempt to notify you via the e-mail address you supplied during registration within a reasonable amount of time before we respond to the request, unless such notification is not permitted.

As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy assets. We shall be entitled to transfer to a third party information that we maintain, including any Personally Identifiable Information, in connection with a transaction or proceeding involving a transfer of some or all of the assets relating to the appsbar®  Web Site or a business in connection with which such information is maintained.

appsbar®  may employ third parties or other companies to assist us in providing certain services, products and communications to you, and otherwise to perform functions on our behalf, such as processing and fulfilling online orders or requests, such as online purchases or other transactions via the appsbar®  Web Site, processing credit card payments, shipping or delivering packages, providing customer service, sending print and electronic mail, removing repetitive information from customer and e-mail lists, maintaining and analyzing information collected and/or stored via the appsbar®  Web Site, hosting sites from the appsbar®  Web Site, measuring the effectiveness of promotions and e-mails, performing analyses of users’ activities on the appsbar®  Web Site, serving images via the appsbar®  Web Site, processing subscriptions and other purchases or transactions via the appsbar®  Web Site, and fulfilling other functions necessary to our business. 

In the event that we utilize third party vendors or companies to provide any of the services described above or similar services, we may need to share your Personally Identifiable Information with them to enable those companies to perform their obligations. However, we will provide these companies only with that information necessary to perform their functions on our behalf, and we will not authorize them to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose. In such event, these companies are required to agree, in writing, that they will abide by the privacy statement and privacy standards implemented herein, including the relevant confidentiality and security provisions. 

We reserve the right to provide to merchants for whom we sell or distribute products or services any Personally Identifiable Information as is necessary to fulfill any requests that you may make for their products or services. In addition, merchants of the products you purchase or to which you subscribe through the appsbar®  Web Site may request additional Personally Identifiable Information from you. We will provide the merchants of such products the information you supply in response to those requests and, following such disclosure by us, your Personally Identifiable Information will no longer be covered by this Privacy Policy. In those instances, your Personally Identifiable Information is governed by the privacy policies of the merchants whose products you have purchased or to which you have subscribed. We will no longer update any of your Personally Identifiable Information once it has been transferred to such merchants and cannot implement or impose your opt out requests upon such merchants. Instead, you must either contact any such merchants or refer to their privacy policies to update your Personally Identifiable Information or to let such merchants know that you no longer want to receive promotional and/or marketing information about their products, services or offerings.

appsbar®  uses secure connections during the transmission of log in, registration and membership information. This means that information collected through those pages dealing with sign in, registration and membership information, is encrypted before it is sent over the Internet between your computer and appsbar®  computers. The technology used is called Secure Socket Layer (SSL). Through the use of this technology, your information collected through those pages dealing with sign in, registration and membership information is encrypted on your computer, sent through the Internet as jumbled code and decoded on either appsbar® 's secure server or the systems of the third party contracted to provide the service in question. You can verify that the connection is secure because you will see a key or a padlock at the bottom of your browser. Another identifier of a secure connection is the URL (or web site address); for example, the address will change from http://www.appsbar® .com to https://www.appsbar® .com when a secure connection is in place. However, while we employ data encryption technology, you should be aware that there is an inherent risk in transmitting any data electronically. This risk is inherent in all Internet dealings. Consequently, we cannot guarantee that any Personally Identifiable Information transmitted will be prevented from being viewed or used by any particular person and therefore, you agree to hold us harmless from and against any injury, financial or otherwise, that results from such unauthorized viewing or use. Moreover, e-mails sent to us over the Internet are susceptible to detection, decryption, eavesdropping or tampering. Thus, you agree to hold us harmless from and against any harm, financial or otherwise, that results from such detection, decryption, eavesdropping or tampering of e-mails. 

In addition, you must take steps to maintain the security of your private information by keeping your password and other personal information confidential. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. 

When you use the appsbar®  Web Site, you may choose to send and receive messages (including private messaging), participate in chat rooms, discussion boards and other online communications features that may be available on the appsbar®  Web Site, set up and personalize your individual profile and transmit information through various channels. In doing so, the information that you voluntarily provide will be accessible or viewable by other users of the appsbar®  Web Site. Your voluntary disclosure of such Personally Identifiable Information on or through the appsbar®  Web Site is at your own risk. Although some features may allow you to set privacy options that limit access to your pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your information. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily post on the appsbar®  Web Site will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the appsbar®  Web Site. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of such information may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your Personally Identifiable Information. 

Please note that the appsbar®  Web Site may contain links to other web sites that we believe may be useful to you. We provide these links solely as a convenience to you. However, this Privacy Policy and our information collection, use and sharing procedures do not apply to those web sites. We do not have any responsibility or liability for the personal information collection, use and/or sharing policies or practices of any web site other than the appsbar®  Web Site. Therefore, we recommend that you review the privacy policies provided by each and every such web site that you visit so you can be informed of their data collection and distribution practices. 

After registering your User Account, you can view and modify certain Personally Identifiable Information by logging into your account where designated in the appsbar®  Web Site. In addition, we provide you with the ability to decline -- or “opt-out of” -- certain mailings and other materials we may offer. For these materials, you will be able to specify whether you wish to opt-out by following directions provided either in the e-mails themselves or in your User Account maintenance area. Finally, if you request, we will remove your name and other Personally Identifiable Information from our active databases. Please understand, however, that it may be impossible to remove this information completely, due to backups and records of deletions. If you wish to remove your name and other Personally Identifiable Information from our database, please create an e-mail with the term “Unsubscribe” in the subject line, and send the e-mail to unsubscribe@appsbar® .com. As an alternative, you may write to us with your request, at the mailing address as follows: “E-mail Removal List,” appsbar® , 260 S.W. Natura Ave., Second Floor, Deerfield Beach, FL 33441, specifying each e-mail address you wish to remove from our database. You will be removed from our databases generally within ten (10) business days of our receipt of your request. You may also request to review or amend any Personally Identifiable Information that we maintain about you, by sending a written request to the same address, subject to our verification of your identity acceptance of any proposed revision.

If you choose to visit the appsbar®  Web Site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages and application of the law of the state of Florida. Please let us know if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy. Simply send us an e-mail to info@appsbar® .com or you may visit the “Contact Us” page of the appsbar®  Web Site in order to send an e-mail to any other appropriate customer service representative. 
