> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dailymotion.pl privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181229213938id_/https%3A//dailymotion.com/legal/privacy%3Flocalization%3Dus) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - dailymotion

**DAILYMOTION PRIVACY POLICY**

Dailymotion respects your privacy and has developed this privacy policy (the “ **Privacy Policy** ”) to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy and to explain how we collect, use, and share information from or about you in connection with your use of the Dailymotion Service (the “ **Data** ”). 

If you reside in a country that is part of the European Economic Area, any reference to " **Dailymotion** ", " **we** ", " **us** ", or “ **our** ” in this Privacy Policy will always refer to “Dailymotion SA” whose details are provided [here](https://web.archive.org/legal/infos). 

If you reside in a country that is not part of the European Economic Area, any reference to " **Dailymotion** ", " **we** ", " **us** ", or “ **our** ” in this Privacy Policy will always refer to “Dailymotion Inc.” whose details are provided [here](https://web.archive.org/legal/infos). 

The term " **Dailymotion Service** " refers to the Dailymotion website (the " **Dailymotion Site** "), the Dailymotion video player when it is embedded onto any website (the " **Video Player** "), the Dailymotion apps and web-apps (the “ **Dailymotion Applications** ”) as accessible via any current or future device capable of distributing the Dailymotion Site and/or the Video Player, together with any Dailymotion products, content, channels, software, data feeds, services and functionality. 

We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using the Dailymotion Service or transacting business with us. 

By viewing any videos available on the Dailymotion Service (“ **Content** ”) or otherwise using the Dailymotion Service, whether you are a Viewer, Visitor, User, or Partner (as defined in the Dailymotion [ Terms of Use ](https://web.archive.org/legal/terms?localization=en) ), you consent to the collection, processing, and use of information from or about you as explained in this Privacy Policy. You can always choose not to provide certain information to us as further explained herein, but this may limit your ability to take full advantage of the many features we offer. **If you do not consent to the collection and use of information from or about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy, then you must not access or use the Dailymotion Service.**

 **1\. DATA WE COLLECT**

 _1.1. In General._ We may collect personal information that can identify you directly, such as your name and email address, and other information that does not identify you directly. When you provide personal information through our website, the information may be sent to servers located in the United States, France, and other countries around the world. This Section explains what personal information we collect and how we collect such information. 

_1.2. When we Collect Data._

 _1.2.a. Data Collected from the Dailymotion Site and Applications._ We collect information when you use the Dailymotion Service directly on the Dailymotion Site or through the Dailymotion Applications. __

_1.2.b. Data Collected from Third Party Websites and Applications that use the Dailymotion Service._ We collect information when you use our Video Player while visiting or using third-party websites and apps into which our Video Player is embedded. This includes information about the websites and apps that you visit, your use of our Video Player on those websites and apps, as well as information the developer or publisher of such app or website provides to us. __

 _1.3. Types of Data we Collect._

 _1.3.a. Data You Provide To Us._ We collect personal information you provide to us when you interact with the Dailymotion Service, including when you sign up for an account, upload Content, create a playlist or share a playlist with others. For instance, when you register to use the Dailymotion Service, we may collect your name, email address, birth date, gender, and other similar information. As a Partner (i.e. a member of the Dailymotion Partner Program), Dailymotion may also collect your payment information, such as your address, bank account details and authentication information, as well as billing, shipping and contact details. In addition, Dailymotion may collect information you provide to us when you respond to surveys, set your preferences on the Dailymotion Service, directly contact Dailymotion through the [ Dailymotion Help Center ](https://faq.dailymotion.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?) or by other means, or agree to participate in promotions that Dailymotion may offer from time to time. Dailymotion also allows multiple profiles to be set up under one account, so we may collect information you provide to us if you create such profiles. 

_1.3.b. Usage and Log Data._ We collect information when you use the Dailymotion Service or view Dailymotion advertising outside of the Dailymotion Service. We may also collect information from or about the computers, phones, tablets, or other devices where you install or access the Dailymotion Service, depending on the permissions you've granted. Examples of this information may include your IP address, device ID number, browser and software characteristics (such as type and operating system or language settings), activity on the Dailymotion Service including information about the videos you watch on the Dailymotion Service (e.g. video titles and categories), the frequency and duration of your activities, page views, ad data, referral URLs, network state, and carrier information. 

_1.3.c. Account and Profile Data from Third-Party Services._ If you choose to log-in, access or otherwise connect to the Dailymotion Service, or contact Dailymotion, through a third-party service (e.g., Facebook), we may collect your user ID and user name associated with that third-party service as well as any other information you make public using that service. We may also collect information you have authorized the third-party service to share with us (such as your user ID, billing information, public profile information, email address, birthday, friends list, pages you have "liked" and other account and profile data). 

_1.3.d. Third-Party Data._ We may, if you authorized such third parties to share such information, receive information about you from other sources, such as data aggregators, public databases, and our business partners. Examples of this may include information (whether identified, de-identified or anonymous and whether collected online or offline) about your interests, demographic data, purchasing behavior, and your activities online (such as websites you have visited and/or advertisements you have viewed). 

We may combine the information we collect from or about you and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise permitted by law. ****

 _1.4. How the Data Is Collected._

 _1.4.a. Data Collected through Cookies and Similar Technologies._ Like many online services, we use various technologies to collect usage data and store preferences. The data collected helps us to propose, protect and improve the Dailymotion Service as well as to personalize your user experience by adapting the Content and advertising to your taste. The technologies we use are discussed below. 

  * **_Cookies and Local Storage._** One technology we use is called a cookie, a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the Dailymotion Service or Dailymotion advertising published outside of the Dailymotion Service; to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Dailymotion Service; and to customize Content and advertising. We may create a unique device or user ID for you and store it in a cookie so we can customize your experience based on your preferences. These uses allow us to create a better experience for you on the Dailymotion Service. For further information on Dailymotion’s cookie management policy, please read out Cookie Policy available [**here**. ](https://web.archive.org/legal/cookiemanagement?localization=en) You may also decide to manage your cookie settings at any time by indicating which types of cookies you accept or refuse to receive by clicking on the cookie management page available at all times on the Dailymotion Service. 

We may collect information through other kinds of local storage (also referred to as " **Flash cookies** ") and HTML5 local storage, including in connection with features such as volume/mute settings for the Video Player. Since these technologies are similar to browser cookies, they are sometimes referred to as "browser cookies" even though they may be stored in different parts of your computer. 

Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. By changing your browser settings, you can instruct your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. For further information on disabling cookies or deleting information contained in cookies in general, please click [ here](https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html). Please note that disabling cookies or deleting information contained in cookies or Flash cookies may interfere with the performance and features of the Dailymotion Service, including the Video Player. For example, we may not be able to store your preferences or login information or customize the Content and advertising to your viewing habits. 

  * **_Web Beacons or Pixels_** _._ In addition to cookies, we may use other technologies such as web beacons or pixel tags, which can be embedded in web pages, videos, or emails. Web beacons or pixel tags are used to collect certain types of information from your browser or device; check whether you have viewed a particular web page, ad, or email message; and determine other usage details including: the time and date on which you viewed Content, the IP address of your computer, and the URL of the web page from which the Content was viewed. 
  * **_Mobile Device Identifiers and Software Development Kits ("SDKs")._** We may use or work with third parties, including our business partners and service providers, who use mobile SDKs to collect information such as advertising identifiers (e.g., "ad-ID" or "IDFA") and information related to how mobile devices interact with the Dailymotion Service. An SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected and related services and functionality to be implemented (a mobile SDK is in effect the mobile app version of a pixel tag or beacon, described above). For instance, we may use this technology to analyze how you interact with Content and advertisements and to enable analytics or other features through mobile devices. 
  * o The uses of these various technologies, notably in connection with advertising on the Dailymotion Service, are explained further below. 



**2\. PURPOSE FOR COLLECTING THIS DATA**

We collect Data because we are passionate about creating customized and engaging experiences for our users. We use all of the information we have to help us provide and support the Dailymotion Service with a first-class user experience. The way we use the Data we collect from or about you depends on how you use the Dailymotion Service. 

Our purposes for the collection of the Data may include the following uses: __

_2.1. Provide, Improve and Develop the Dailymotion Service._ We are able to deliver the Dailymotion Service, personalize the Content, evaluate how well the Content is performing, and make customized recommendations for you by using this information to understand how you use and interact with the Dailymotion Service and the things you’re interested in on and off our Services. For example, we collect your authentication data to allow you to connect to your account, and we collect information on your language setting preferences to provide you with the Dailymotion Service in the language of your choice. We may conduct surveys and research, test features in development and analyze the information that we have in order to evaluate and improve products and services, develop new products or features and conduct audits and troubleshooting activities. 

_2.2. Communicate with You._ We may use your information to send you marketing communications, communicate with you about the Dailymotion Service and update you about our policies and terms. We also may use your information to respond to you when you contact us, or for any other purpose that is disclosed to you at the time we collect the Data or that is related to a request made by you. To learn about opting out of promotional communications, please see the information we have provided in Section 8 below (“Your Rights & Opting-Out”). 

_2.3. Show and Measure Ads and Services._ We may use the information we have to evaluate and improve our advertising and measurement systems so that we can show you relevant ads on and off our Services customized for you and measure the effectiveness and reach of ads and services. To learn about opting out of interest-based or online behavioral advertising, please see the information we have provided in Section 8 below ("Your Rights & Opting-Out"). __

 _2.4. Pay You._ If you are a Dailymotion Partner, we use billing information, such as your billing address or payment methods to help provide the monetization features of the Dailymotion Service. For example, we use billing information to process payments to a Partner (using a third-party payment vendor), to retrieve account information for a Partner, and to detect abuse of the Dailymotion Service. 

_2.5. Use of Precise Location Data._ In order to access certain services from your mobile device, you may be required to share with us your device’s location data (limited to the city level only). In addition to providing you with certain services, this also enables us to serve you Content related to your local area such as local news and sports videos, or to ensure the respect of Content geo-restrictions dictated by the Content uploader. This data may also be used to tailor advertising to you based on your location. 

_2.6. Use of Aggregate or Anonymized Data._ In addition to any personally identifiable data use that is described in this Privacy Policy, we may aggregate information about you and other individuals together, or otherwise "de-identify" the Data about you (meaning that the Data is anonymized and aggregated so it no longer personally identifies you). We may use this “de-identified” information for any legitimate internal and external business purpose, including for research and analysis, administration of the Dailymotion Service, advertising (e.g. improving our targeting efforts), and business promotional purposes. 

_2.7. Ensure Safety and Security._ We use the information we have to help verify accounts and activity, and to promote safety and security on and off our Services, such as by investigating suspicious activity or violations of our legal terms and policies. We work hard to protect your account using teams of engineers, automated systems and advanced technology such as encryption and machine learning _._

 **3\. DATA RECIPIENTS**

We want you to understand when and with whom we may share Data we have collected about you or your activities on the Dailymotion Service. We may share personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information collected from or about you with third parties as explained further below, including government authorities, business partners, social networking services, service providers, advertisers, and other companies that are not affiliated with Dailymotion (collectively “ **Data Recipients** ”). We require such Data Recipients to adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements that we enter into with them. 

_3.1. Business Partners._ We work with a number of business partners who help us offer and improve the Dailymotion Service, including, for example, our content programmers, distributors, and corporate owners. We may share information collected from or about you with such business partners, but always in an anonymized form so that you are not identifiable. 

_3.2. Social Networking and Single Sign-On Services._ When you choose to share information with social networking services or single sign-on services about your activities on the Dailymotion Service, such as videos you watched or “liked” on Dailymotion, information about you and your activities may be shared with that social network or single sign-on service. 

  * _Sharing with Facebook or Google._ If you connect to Dailymotion through your Facebook or Google accounts you may choose to share information about your activities on the Dailymotion Service with Facebook or Google and their users, including publishing information on the videos you watch on Dailymotion to Facebook or Google. Furthermore, if you visit Dailymotion while logged into Facebook or Google, then such entities may be able to identify your browser details and associate the technical information provided by your web browser with other information that Facebook or Google already has about you. In addition, when you choose to share information about your activities on the Dailymotion Service with Facebook or Google, Dailymotion may send information about you to Facebook or Google. Facebook or Google may then make that information visible to Facebook users or Google users in accordance with applicable law, their respective data policies, and your Facebook or Google privacy settings. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with their data policies and account privacy controls. We remind you that Dailymotion is independent from these third party companies and that any privacy settings you might have chosen on the Dailymotion Service are not applicable on Facebook, Google or any other social network. 



_3.3. Service Providers._ We may share the Data collected from or about you with companies that globally support our business by providing technical infrastructure services to us and our business partners, including companies that assist with payment processing (e.g. PayPal or Payoneer), analytics, data processing and management (e.g. to facilitate our targeted advertising and marketing efforts), account management, hosting, customer and technical support, marketing (e.g. email, online or direct mail communications) and other services. These service providers must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements that we enter into with them. 

  * _Your Browsers and Devices._ We may work with service providers who use information collected from or about you to help us identify the browsers and devices you use for various purposes: including for targeted advertising, analytics, attribution, and measurement purposes. For example, these service providers (along with Dailymotion) may use your activity on one browser or device to serve you with more tailored advertising on another browser or device. They may also provide us with information about your current privacy settings on your device in order to allow us to respect your choices. In connection with your use of browsers and devices, please note that certain opt out choices you have (as described in Section 8 (“Your Rights & Opting-Out”)) apply only to the specific browser or device from which you opt out. 



_3.4. Advertisers and Advertising-Related Service Providers._ We want our advertising to be relevant and interesting to you, therefore we may share the Data collected from or about you in encrypted, aggregated, or anonymized forms with advertisers and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners in order to tailor advertisements, measure and improve advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. This information includes Data on your online activities in relation to your use of the Dailymotion Service, such as the websites you have visited and advertisements you have viewed. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed, or how many people viewed their ads or installed an app after seeing an ad, or provide non-personally identifying demographic information (such as 25-year-old female, in New York) to these advertisers to help them understand their audience or customers, but only after the advertiser has agreed to abide by our Privacy Policy and strict confidentiality obligations. Please also note: we do not share directly identifiable information about you with advertisers and advertising-related service providers unless you give us express permission. 

_3.5. Audience Measurement Providers._ Our business partners, such as content programmers, as well as our advertisers, seek to measure the performance of their creative material across many platforms, including the Dailymotion Service. Accordingly, Dailymotion may permit the use of third-party measurement software that enables third parties (e.g., Nielsen or comScore) to include your Content views on the Dailymotion Service in calculating measurement statistics. To learn more about your choices with respect to audience measurement software, please see the Data we have provided in Section 8 ("Your Rights & Opting-Out "). 

_3.6. Third Parties When Required by Law or When Necessary to Protect Your or Our Rights._ In some instances, we may be required to disclose information from or about you without providing you with notice or giving you the opportunity to consent. For example, we may disclose your information in good-faith in the following ways: to protect the legal rights of Dailymotion and our affiliates or partners, and each of our respective equity holders, directors, officers, employees, agents, and business partners; to protect the safety and security of users of the Dailymotion Service or third parties; to enforce our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/legal?localization=en); to protect against fraud; for risk management purposes; and to comply with or respond to the law or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity. However, it is Dailymotion’s policy, whenever reasonably possible and legally permissible, to promptly notify you upon receipt of a subpoena or court order requesting your Data and to not produce your Data until after receipt of such subpoena or court order, so that you will have adequate opportunity to move to quash this request in court. Furthermore, if you notify us that you believe your legal rights have been violated by Dailymotion or another user of the Dailymotion Service, we may provide the Data that you provide to us to others to the extent that we believe it is necessary to evaluate and respond to your complaint. 

_3.7. Third Parties in Connection with Certain Transactions._ If we sell all or part of our business, make a transfer of assets, or otherwise might be involved in a change of control transaction, or in the event of bankruptcy, we may transfer information from or about you to one or more third parties as part of the transaction, including as part of the due diligence process. Please note that in such a case your Data would be shared only as an integral part of the Dailymotion Service and not sold or transferred separately from the Service to third parties. 

_3.8. Parties with Your Consent or When You Otherwise Choose to Share._ In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Policy, we may share any information from or about you with any party when we have your consent or when you otherwise choose to share such information. Also, certain functions within the Dailymotion Service may give you the option to share information about your activities on the Dailymotion Service, for example, by email, text message, social networking, or other sharing function. 

**4\. DATA SECURITY AND ACCOUNT ACCESS**

 _4.1. Data Security._ Dailymotion attaches great importance to the security of your Data and takes all appropriate steps to limit the risk that it may be lost, damaged or misused. Our aim is to make you feel confident and safe when using the Dailymotion Service. 

We use a variety of physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, and modification. For example, we take steps to limit access to sensitive information from or about you to only those Dailymotion employees, agents, and contractors who have a legitimate business reason to access such information. We also use measures like encryption and hashing to help protect sensitive information when in transmission, and firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information. We also use techniques such as data aggregation to render it more difficult to link and trace information to you. 

Despite these efforts, in today’s world there is always a possibility that a breach in data transmission or storage may occur. We want you to feel confident in our security when using the Dailymotion Service, but we cannot guarantee the security of any information from or about you 100% of the time. 

_4.2. Account Access._ If you have an online account with us, you have the ability to review and update your personal information online by logging into your account. You can also review and update your personal information either by accessing your account or by contacting us. More information about how to contact us is provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. 

Please note that if you allow others to use your account (including others you permit to set up profiles under your account), they may be able to view information about your account or any of the profiles under your account, including information about the videos you view and your email address. You should take care of how you handle and disclose your personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure email. Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission’s website at https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/topics/privacy-identity-online-security for further information on how to protect yourself from identity theft. 

**5\. DATA RETENTION**

Data is stored electronically in Dailymotion’s servers and is kept only as long as necessary to provide our products and services, including for the purposes set out above. Information associated with your account will be kept for a period of one year following the deletion of your account, or earlier if we no longer need the data to provide our products and services. After that point, data is kept only for statistical purposes (or as otherwise legally permitted) and shall not be used for any other reason. Please note that you may always exercise your right to erase your personal data stored in our system. 

**6\. ADVERTISING** ****

 _6.1. General._ We advertise Dailymotion both on the Dailymotion Service as well as on other platforms and services. We also display advertisements from other companies on the Dailymotion Service, often enabling users to interact with the advertisements or click through to websites or other properties owned or operated by other companies. This Section provides additional information about the collection and use of information from or about you in connection with such advertising. This advertising activity allows us to provide you access to Content and to the Dailymotion Service at no cost to you. 

_6.2. Use of Cookies and Similar Technology in Third-Party Advertising._ Advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for Dailymotion and our business partners may use cookies and similar technologies (including for example those described in Section 1 ("Data We Collect")) to collect information from or about you through the Dailymotion Service in order to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. This information may relate to your use of the Dailymotion Service, websites you have visited, advertisements you have viewed, and your other activities online. We do not control the cookies and similar technologies that advertisers and such third parties may use, nor are their data and privacy practices covered by our Privacy Policy. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices. You may have access to such information through the third party cookies list available on our Cookie Management settings page. 

_6.3. Viewing Ads._ When you view an advertisement, whether or not you click on it, the advertiser, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may collect some information from or about you. The data practices of these third parties are governed by their own privacy policies and are not governed by this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that Dailymotion does not notify you when you have chosen to click through to another website or property when using the Dailymotion Service – If you click on an advertisement you may be redirected to another website outside the Dailymotion Service and would access a third party’s service governed by such party’s own rules and policies. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of such websites or properties to determine how they use or share any information they separately collect from you. 

To learn about opting out of interest-based or online behavioral advertising, please see the Data we have provided in Section 8 below ("Your Rights & Opting-Out"). 

**7\. YOUTH RESTRICTIONS AND PARENTAL CONTROL**

Children under the authorized age in their country of residence (“ **Minors** ”) are not permitted to register with Dailymotion without the involvement and consent of a parent or legal guardian. If you are a Minor (e.g. a child under 13 years of age in the USA or 16 years of age in the European Economic Area, unless a lower age limit is specified by the country of your residence), do not use or access the Dailymotion Service at any time or in any manner without the involvement and consent of a parent or guardian. 

If you are the parent or legal guardian of a Minor, and that child has somehow registered with Dailymotion without your approval, please contact Dailymotion’s support team, available 24/7 through the [ Dailymotion Help Center ](https://faq.dailymotion.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?) . When submitting your request, please provide your full name and address, the child's full name and address, your relationship to the child, your daytime and evening telephone numbers, your email address and a signed statement that you are the child's parent or legal guardian. Dailymotion will use this information only to verify that you are the child's parent or legal guardian and for no other purposes. 

Please note that depending on the country of your residence and the applicable laws in such country, the age to determine who is a Minor will differ. 

**8\. YOUR RIGHTS & OPTING -OUT**

 _8.1. General._ Generally, no one is under a statutory or contractual obligation to provide any Data. However, certain Data is collected automatically and, if some Data, such as account setup details, is not provided, we may be unable to provide you with certain features on our Service. You are entitled to access, correct and/or delete the Data you have provided to Us, as described under Section 1.2. of this Privacy Policy by requesting to do so through the setting of your account, or by reaching out to the [Dailymotion Help Center](https://faq.dailymotion.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?) via the dedicated “Your Personal Data” section, or by sending a letter to the attention of our Data Protection Officer at the following address: 140 boulevard Malesherbes - 75017 Paris, France (please make sure to include a copy of your ID within your request). Please note that you are entitled to define and communicate to us rules applicable to your Data upon your death. 

_8.2. Change of privacy settings for Promotional Communications._

  * You may decide not to receive promotional communications from Dailymotion by accessing your account and clicking on "Manage Email Notifications." You may also communicate to us your decision not to receive promotional communications by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in a particular promotional communication. Please note that you cannot opt out from receiving all communications from Dailymotion, including administrative messages, service announcements, and messages regarding the terms and conditions of your account because those may contain important information necessary to provide you with the Dailymotion Service. 
  * You can choose to receive push notifications from Dailymotion on your device. If you do not wish to receive push notifications, you can use your device’s settings to turn them off. 



_8.3. Options for Third-Party Online Behavioral or Interest-Based Advertising on Websites (including Mobile Websites)._

  * Some of the third parties that collect information from or about you on the Dailymotion Service in order to provide more relevant advertising to you on websites participate in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. This program offers a centralized location where users can make choices about the use of their information for online behavioral advertising. To learn more and to make choices about the use of your information for online behavioral advertising on websites, please click [**here**](http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2#!/). Please note that if you exclude online behavioral advertising using this method, this choice will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out. 
  * In addition, some of the advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"), a cooperative of online marketing companies that offers a centralized tool for opting out of interest-based advertising delivered by each of its member companies. If you would like to obtain more information about interest-based advertising and the NAI and make choices about their members’ use of information from or about you on websites, please click [here](https://www.networkadvertising.org/). Please note that if you exclude interest-based advertising using this method, this choice will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out. 
  * Dailymotion also offers its users the ability to make choices about the use of their information for ad targeting on websites. To learn more and exercise your ad preferences on Dailymotion, please refer to cookie settings section available on the Dailymotion Service. 



_8.4. Options for Third-Party Online Behavioral or Interest-Based Advertising within Mobile Applications._

  * Some of the third parties that collect information from or about you on the Dailymotion Service in order to provide more relevant advertising to you within mobile applications participate in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. This program offers a mobile application called the "AppChoices," which provides a centralized location where users can make choices about the use of their information for online behavioral advertising within the mobile application environment. The AppChoices application can be downloaded from your mobile device at [ www.aboutads.info/appchoices ](http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices) or from your device’s app store. Please note that if you exclude online behavioral advertising using this method, this choice will only apply to your mobile device. 
  * On your mobile device, you may also go to your device settings and select "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" (for Android devices), which will allow you to limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device (such as precise location data) for the purposes of serving online behavioral advertising to you. 



_8.5. Additional Choices for Residents in the European Economic Area._

  * Individuals located in the European Economic Area, have certain statutory rights in relation to their Data. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to your personal information, as well as to seek to update, delete, correct or transfer this information. You can usually do this using the settings and tools provided in your Dailymotion account. If you cannot use the settings and tools, contact us by stating your country of residence and reach out to the [Dailymotion Help Center](https://faq.dailymotion.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?) via the dedicated “Your Personal Data” section or send a letter to the attention of our Data Protection Officer at the following address: 140 Boulevard Malesherbes - 75017 Paris, France. Please include within your request a copy of your ID together with any information allowing us to identify your account on the Dailymotion Service. 
  * To the extent that Dailymotion’s processing of your Data is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (“ **GDPR** ”), and in addition to any consent you might have granted or contract you might have concluded with us, Dailymotion relies on its legitimate interests, described above, to process your Data. 



_8.6. Additional Choices for California Residents._

  * If you are a California resident, you may be entitled to request certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information (such as your name and contact information) to third parties who wish to contact you or send you promotional information about their products and services directly (as compared to when the third party is acting on our behalf or you have provided your personal information as part of a co-promotion by Dailymotion and the third party). If you are a California resident and would like to request a copy of information regarding our disclosure to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, please send us a letter at Attention: Legal Department, Dailymotion SA, 140 Boulevard Malesherbes - 75017 Paris, France. 
  * If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and a registered user of the Dailymotion Service, you may request and obtain removal of Content or information you have publicly posted on the Dailymotion Service. To make this request, please contact the [ Dailymotion Help Center ](https://faq.dailymotion.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?) via the “Your Personal Data” section and include a detailed description of the specific content or information you would like to remove. Please note that this removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the Content or information posted on the Dailymotion Service by you as there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal. 



**9\. MISCELLANEOUS**

 _9.1. Third-Party Access Points, Devices, and Links_

The Dailymotion Service may be accessible through third-party websites, applications and other means of access operated by other companies (collectively, "Third-Party Access Points"). For example, you can access the Dailymotion Service through third-party websites where the Video Player has been embedded. The Dailymotion Service also may contain links to third-party websites or applications. For example, if you click on an advertisement or a search result on our website, you may be taken to a website that we do not control. None of these Third-Party Access Points, devices, websites or applications are operated by Dailymotion, even if they contain our name or logo. As such, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of these Third-Party Access Points. Accordingly, we recommend that you independently review their privacy policies for further information. 

_9.2. Deleting Your Dailymotion Account_

If you have an account with us you may choose to delete your Dailymotion account, in accordance with our [ Terms of Use ](https://web.archive.org/legal/terms?localization=en) , via the settings of your Dailymotion account when signed in. Please note that, after you delete your account, you will not be able to sign in to our website or access any of your personal information, however, you can open a new account at any time. If you delete your account, we may still retain some information from or about you in accordance with applicable law, including for various legal, operational, analytical, accounting, and auditing purposes. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties’ policies. 

_9.3. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction_

If you reside in a country of the European Economic Area: you agree that any dispute between you and Dailymotion arising out of or relating in any way to this Privacy Policy or our collection, processing and/or use of your Data shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of France, without reference to its conflicts of laws, and notwithstanding multiple defendants or third party claims. You also agree that any claim or dispute between you and Dailymotion shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Paris. 

If you reside in a country that is not part of the European Economic Area: you agree that any dispute between you and Dailymotion arising out of or relating in any way to this Privacy Policy or our collection, processing and/or use of your Data shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its conflicts of laws, and notwithstanding multiple defendants or third party claims. You also agree that any claim or dispute between you and Dailymotion shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction located in the New York County. 

_9.4. International Data Transfers and Privacy Shield_

Dailymotion respects individuals’ privacy, and strives to collect, use and disclose Data in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which it does business. As such, Dailymotion complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks (collectively, the “ **Privacy Shield** ”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (“ **DOC** ”) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area (“ **EEA** ”) or Switzerland to the United States. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Program, please see [ http://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome ](http://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome). 

_9.5. Changes to this Privacy Policy_

From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law or the Dailymotion Service or for other reasons in our discretion. Therefore, it is important to check the effective date posted at the top of the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Dailymotion Site or use any of the Dailymotion Service, to ensure you are familiar with our most updated policies and practices. If we make any material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting a notice on the Dailymotion Site. If you are a User or a Partner, we may also or instead send an email to the email address that you most recently provided to us in your Dailymotion account settings, prior to the material change taking effect. Accordingly, please keep your account information, including email address, updated. Any material change to this Privacy Policy will be effective automatically (i) 7 days after the revised Privacy Policy is first posted or, for users who register or otherwise provide opt-in consent during this 7-day period, at the time of registration or consent, as applicable, or (ii) immediately upon its publication, if required so by applicable laws. 

_9.6. Contact Us_

If you have further questions about this Privacy Policy, or wish to learn more about our information-handling practices, you can reach us: 

  * by sending a request to the [ Dailymotion Help Center ](https://faq.dailymotion.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?) via the dedicated “Your Personal Data” section or, 
  * by sending a letter to the attention of: 
    * our Data Protection Officer at the following address: 140 Boulevard Malesherbes - 75017 Paris, France, if you reside in a country of the European Economic Area; or 
    * our Legal Department at the following address: 50 West 23rd Street, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10010, United States, if you reside in a country that is not part of the European Economic Area. 



_Last modified on: May 23, 2018_
