> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dailybinaryprofits.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-02-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150204010801id_/http%3A//dailybinaryprofits.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclaimer

By clicking on "Continue", you are giving us permission to send you emails about our offers. If you chose not to receive any more emails, you can always opt out at any time at the bottom of each email. 

Daily Binary Profits respects the privacy of every individual who visits our websites. This privacy statement provides notice of the standards and terms under which Daily Binary Profits protects the privacy of information supplied by visitors to sites on the World Wide Web that are owned and operated by Daily Binary Profits, including Daily Binary Profits and www.DailyBinaryProfits.com . This privacy statement provides notice of our information collection practices and of the ways in which your information may be used. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically to review this information. 

**A. Personally-Identifiable Information:** Daily Binary Profits typically receives specific data about its website visitors only when such information is provided voluntarily, such as when our visitors request or enroll for services, open a customer support inquiry ticket, provide resume information for employment opportunities, or send us e-mail. Of course, some of these activities require that you give us information, such as when you make a purchase, use a credit card to pay for services, submit your resume, or request certain types of information. When you provide personally- identifiable information to Daily Binary Profits through one of our websites, it will be used to fulfill your specific request. In most cases, you will be given the opportunity to select whether you do, or do not, want Daily Binary Profits to use this information for additional purposes. You may also request that Daily Binary Profits not use your information by sending an e-mail to: support@Daily Binary Profits , however, Daily Binary Profits reserves the right, in its discretion, to send you bulletins and other important information about your Daily Binary Profits services. Absent any instructions from you, Daily Binary Profits may use information you provide to inform you about additional services and products offered by the Daily Binary Profits family of companies, Daily Binary Profits authorized agents, and other goods and services providers with whom MoneyFormula.com has relationships and whose offerings might be of interest to you. Daily Binary Profits will not, however, sell or trade your personally-identifiable information unless we are authorized or legally required to do so, or in the case of imminent physical harm to the visitor or others. On those Daily Binary Profits sites where you may provide Daily Binary Profits with credit card or other ordering information via the web, Daily Binary Profits protects and secures this information by employing commercially customary web- based security and encryption protocols, examples of which include Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and Secure Electronic Transaction (SET). On those sites where you voluntarily offer any feedback, data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas or the like, Daily Binary Profits will treat that portion of the information as non-confidential and nonproprietary and, except as otherwise expressed in this privacy statement, Daily Binary Profits assumes no obligation to protect such information from disclosure. 

Examples in these materials are not to be taken as a promise or guarantee of earnings. Earning potential is entirely dependent on the person using our product, ideas, techniques and the effort put forth. We do not purport this as a "get rich scheme", and nor should you view it as such. 

**B. Non Personally-Identifiable (Generic) Information:** In general, Daily Binary Profits gathers some generic information automatically. Generic information does not reveal the identity of the visitor. It usually includes information about the Internet address assigned to your computer, the number and frequency of visitors, and the Daily Binary Profits sites visited. Daily Binary Profits gathers this information for the limited purpose of determining customer service and website needs. We accomplish this by using certain technologies, including "cookies" (a technology that can be used to provide the visitor with tailored information about Daily Binary Profits services). Daily Binary Profits does not combine information collected in this way with any personally-identifiable information. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and you can refuse it. 

**C. Your Daily Binary Profits hosted website, server, bulletin boards, forum, Third-Party Sites:** Information that you disclose in a public space, including on any bulletin board, chat room, or website Daily Binary Profits may host for you as part of your Daily Binary Profits services, is available to anyone else who visits that space. Daily Binary Profits cannot safeguard any information you disclose in these locations. Additionally, Daily Binary Profits websites contain links to sites that belong to third parties unrelated to Daily Binary Profits. Daily Binary Profits cannot protect any information you may disclose in these sites and recommends that you review the privacy policy statements of those sites you visit. 

**D. Exceptions and Limitations:** Notwithstanding the foregoing and in compliance with applicable laws, Daily Binary Profits (i) cooperates fully with state, local, and federal officials in any investigation relating to any content (including personal or private electronic communications transmitted to Daily Binary Profits) or purported unlawful activities of any user of the Service, and (ii) takes reasonable measures to protect its proprietary rights. For the limited purposes of accomplishing such cooperation and measures and in compliance with applicable laws, Daily Binary Profits may be required to disclose personally identifiable information. In addition, Daily Binary Profits may elect to monitor the areas of communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate Daily Binary Profits; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of Daily Binary Profits or others. In connection with the potential sale or transfer of any of its interest in Daily Binary Profits and www.DailyBinaryProfits.com and other sites owned by the company. Daily Binary Options reserves the right to sell or transfer your information (including , but not limited to name, address information, and other information you provided to Daily Binary Profits) to a third party that (i) concentrates its business in communication products or services; (ii) agrees to be Daily Binary Profits's successor in interest with regard to the maintenance and protection of information collected and maintained by Daily Binary Profits; and (iii) agrees to the obligations of this policy statement. 
