> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the novusbio.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140414031720id_/http%3A//www.novusbio.com/support/customer-service/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Novus Biologicals

It is important to us to protect your privacy and confidentiality. Please review the following statement to better understand how Novus Biologicals collects, uses, and safeguards the personal information you provide to us on our website.

**What kind of information do we collect?**  
We collect personal information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our mailing list and/or respond to our customer satisfaction survey. You may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, organization/institution name, phone number, fax number, and credit card or purchase order information. We ask this information in order to process your order and give you the best possible customer service. We also use your information to personalize your experience, improve our website, administer promotions, and provide you with information regarding new products. We continually strive to improve our website in order to better serve you and we may use your information and the feedback we receive to do so. We also use your information to send you e-mails about our current promotions and special offers. If you wish to unsubscribe to these emails please see the instructions at the bottom of the e-mail. All marketing and promotional e-mails sent by us include an unsubscribe link as per the CAN-SPAM act.  If you wish to correct any of your personal information that you have entered while registering for an account or need to enquire on the use of your personal data, please email [customerservice@novusbio.com](mailto:customerservice@novusbio.com?subject=Website%20inquiry) or call us at 1-303-730-1950 (Novus US), 1-855-668-8722 (Novus Canada), +44 (0) 1223 426001 (Novus Europe).  All personal data is secured by Acquia Cloud security.    

**Novus Biologicals' Use of Cookies**  
We use cookies to recognize your browser and remember certain information. Cookies are also used to process items in your cart, save your preferences, and helps us compile data in regards to site traffic. Novus Biologicals follows strict security procedures designed to protect your personal information. Any and all personally identifiable information collected by Novus Biologicals will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, shared, loaned, rented, or given to a third party except for the sole purpose of delivery of the products ordered. If for any reason you do not feel comfortable submitting personal information online, please contact our Customer Service Team [here](https://web.archive.org/about/contact-us.html) and we would be more than happy to assist you in placing your order. Also, Novus Biologicals reserves the right to make any changes to this policy deemed necessary without prior notice, so please check our Privacy Policy link before providing any personal information. These changes will not affect any information given to us prior to the date it was updated.
