> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myfavouritemagazines.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060617003127id_/http%3A//www.futurenet.com/futureonline/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FutureNet - Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy covering the websites of Future Publishing Ltd

Future Publishing Ltd. Beauford House 30 Monmouth Street Bath BA1 2BW England  
Tel: (+44) 01225 442244

  
1\. General   
This is a website of Future Publishing Ltd (“Future”). We are committed to protecting your privacy and we take our responsibilities regarding the security of information you provide to us very seriously. If you have any concerns, questions or comments please email the Website editor.  2\. Use of Information   
If you provide us with any personal information through this Website or any associated poll, survey or competition (“Your Information”) we will use it as set out in this policy and to: (a) provide you with any goods or services that you request and to monitor the provision of those goods and services; and (b) contact you about any goods or services of Future or any of its group companies which may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive information about our goods and services or those of our group companies, please follow the unsubscribe instructions on the correspondence you receive or on this Website or contact the Website editor.  3\. Disclosure to third parties   
We may pass Your Information on to our group companies and our agents, subcontractors and partners and any agents, subcontractors and partners of our group of companies. We may also pass Your Information on to third parties who help us to organise and administer any competition, survey or poll which we run on or through this Website, only if specified in the rules of the competition, survey or poll. Unless expressly stated in this policy, we will not disclose any of Your Information to any other person without your consent. Please note that if you upload or post any information to a public part of this Website, we may use it in accordance with our [website terms and conditions of use](https://web.archive.org/futureonline/termsandconditions.asp) and it may be viewed and used by others.  4\. Our email newsletters and special interest newsletters   
If you subscribe to receive one of our email newsletters or a special interest newsletter provided by one of our partners, that newsletter will be provided to you free of charge, unless otherwise stated. To enable us to do this you will need to provide us with your email address. We may ask you to provide us with other information which we or our partner may require from time to time for business purposes. Our newsletters and those of our partners may contain promotions or advertisements relating to the goods and services provided by us or our group companies or partners from time to time. If at any time you wish to unsubscribe from an email newsletter or a special interest newsletter you may do so by following the unsubscribe instructions on the newsletter or on this Website or by e-mailing the Website editor.  5\. Third party sites   
This Website may contain a link to third party websites. We may, on occasion, disclose non-personal aggregated information to the owners or providers of those third party websites.  6\. Cookies   
This Website may make use of 'cookies' and tracking software. Cookies are pieces of information that are stored by the browser on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies enable us and any person who advertises on our Website to provide features such as remembering certain of Your Information and your preferences. Cookies can be deleted from your hard drive or you can configure your web browser so that it rejects cookies. Rejection of cookies will not prevent you from using most of the features on this Website. If you experience any problems having deleted cookies, you should contact the supplier of your web browser. The tracking software monitors traffic patterns and site usage so that we can design and develop this Website to suit the needs and requirements of visitors to it.  7\. Surveys   
If you choose to take part in an on-line survey or poll conducted by us, we may use the information you provide for the purposes set out in Paragraph 2 above and we may disclose that information to the parties referred to in Paragraph 3 above. We may disclose non-personal, aggregated information we collect from you in this way to any other party.  8\. Security   
In accordance with our requirements under the Data Protection Act 1998, we shall use reasonable endeavours to implement security procedures to help prevent unauthorised access to Your Information. However, Future shall not be liable for any attempt to hack or crack or otherwise gain access to any part of this Website including any of Your Information.  9\. Usage of information   
We may disclose Your Information if we are required to do so by any law or other regulatory or government authority.  10\. Corrections/updates   
If we hold any of Your Information and that information is incorrect in any respect, you can e-mail the Website editor and the information will be corrected as soon as reasonably possible.  11\. Policy changes   
By using this Website you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our [website terms of use](https://web.archive.org/futureonline/termsandconditions.asp). We may amend this privacy policy and our [website terms of use](https://web.archive.org/futureonline/termsandconditions.asp) from time to time. If we do so, we will post an updated version on this Website. 
