> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myfacewhen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150622110744id_/http%3A//promotions.1800option.com/Millionaire-Society-Privacy-Policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Millionaire Society Privacy Policy

By clicking on "Continue", you are giving us permission to send you emails about our offers. If you chose not to receive any more emails, you can always opt out at any time at the bottom of each email.

Millionaire Society respects the privacy of every individual who visits our websites. This privacy statement provides notice of the standards and terms under which Millionaire Society protects the privacy of information supplied by visitors to sites on the World Wide Web that are owned and operated by Millionaire Society, including 1800option.com. This privacy statement provides notice of our information collection practices and of the ways in which your information may be used. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically to review this information.

**A. Personally-Identifiable Information:**  
Millionaire Society typically receives specific data about its website visitors only when such information is provided voluntarily, such as when our visitors request information, purchase or enroll for services, open a customer support inquiry ticket, provide resume information for employment opportunities, or send us e-mail. Of course, some of these activities require that you give us information, such as when you make a purchase, use a credit card to pay for services, submit your resume, or request certain types of information. When you provide personally- identifiable information to Millionaire Society through one of our websites, it will be used to fulfill your specific request. In most cases, you will be given the opportunity to select whether you do, or do not, want Millionaire Society to use this information for additional purposes. You may also request that Millionaire Society not use your information by sending an e-mail to: [support@1800option.com](mailto:support@1800option.com) , however, Millionaire Society reserves the right, in its discretion, to send you bulletins and other important information about your Millionaire Society services. Absent any instructions from you, Millionaire Society may use information you provide to inform you about additional services and products offered by the Millionaire Society family of companies, Millionaire Society authorized agents, and other goods and services providers with whom Millionaire Society has relationships and whose offerings might be of interest to you. Millionaire Society will not, however, sell or trade your personally-identifiable information unless we are authorized or legally required to do so, or in the case of imminent physical harm to the visitor or others. On those Millionaire Society sites where you may provide Millionaire Society with credit card or other ordering information via the web, Millionaire Society protects and secures this information by employing commercially customary web- based security and encryption protocols, examples of which include Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and Secure Electronic Transaction (SET). On those sites where you voluntarily offer any feedback, data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas or the like, Millionaire Society will treat that portion of the information as non-confidential and nonproprietary and, except as otherwise expressed in this privacy statement, Millionaire Society assumes no obligation to protect such information from disclosure. 

Examples in these materials are not to be taken as a promise or guarantee of earnings. Earning potential is entirely dependent on the person using our product, ideas, techniques and the effort put forth. We do not purport this as a "get rich scheme", and nor should you view it as such.

**B. Non Personally-Identifiable (Generic) Information:**  
In general, Millionaire Society gathers some generic information automatically. Generic information does not reveal the identity of the visitor. It usually includes information about the Internet address assigned to your computer, the number and frequency of visitors, and the Millionaire Society sites visited. Millionaire Society gathers this information for the limited purpose of determining customer service and website needs. We accomplish this by using certain technologies, including "cookies" (a technology that can be used to provide the visitor with tailored information about Millionaire Society services). Millionaire Society does not combine information collected in this way with any personally-identifiable information. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and you can refuse it.

**C. Your Millionaire Society hosted website, server, bulletin boards, forum, Third-Party Sites:**  
Information that you disclose in a public space, including on any bulletin board, chat room, or website Millionaire Society may host for you as part of your Millionaire Society services, is available to anyone else who visits that space. Millionaire Society cannot safeguard any information you disclose in these locations. Additionally, Millionaire Society websites contain links to sites that belong to third parties unrelated to Millionaire Society. Millionaire Society cannot protect any information you may disclose in these sites and recommends that you review the privacy policy statements of those sites you visit.

**D. Exceptions and Limitations:**  
Notwithstanding the foregoing and in compliance with applicable laws, Millionaire Society (i) cooperates fully with state, local, and federal officials in any investigation relating to any content (including personal or private electronic communications transmitted to Millionaire Society) or purported unlawful activities of any user of the Service, and (ii) takes reasonable measures to protect its proprietary rights. For the limited purposes of accomplishing such cooperation and measures and in compliance with applicable laws, Millionaire Society may be required to disclose personally identifiable information. In addition, Millionaire Society may elect to monitor the areas of communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate Millionaire Society; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of Millionaire Society or others. In connection with the potential sale or transfer of any of its interest in Millionaire Society and [1800option.com](http://www.1800option.com/) and other sites owned by the company, Millionaire Society reserves the right to sell or transfer your information (including , but not limited to name, address information, and other information you provided to Millionaire Society) to a third party that (i) concentrates its business in communication products or services; (ii) agrees to be Millionaire Society's successor in interest with regard to the maintenance and protection of information collected and maintained by Millionaire Society; and (iii) agrees to the obligations of this policy statement.
