> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myfoxdfw.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110601213206id_/http%3A//www.myfoxdfw.com/dpp/about_us/Privacy_Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MyFOXDFW.com Privacy Policy

_Effective as of 11-05-2010_

MyFOXdfw.com operates the Internet web site located at myFOXdfw.com (the “MyFoxdfw.com Web site” or the “Site”). MyFOXdfw.com is part of the News America Group, which has adopted a set of Privacy Principles available at http://www.newscorp.com/privacy.html applicable to all its U.S.-based companies. MyFoxdfw.com has implemented those Principles in this Privacy Policy, which describes how we collect, use and share personally identifiable information (“PII”) such as your full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number or credit card number we obtain from users of our Site. This Privacy Policy applies to the services offered by MyFoxdfw.com, including the Site, FoxHiLites, the MyFoxdfw.com mobile services and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by MyFoxdfw.com in connection with the Site (collectively, the “Services”).   
The MyFoxdfw.com Web site is a general audience site and MyFoxdfw.com does not knowingly collect PII from children under 13 years of age.

From time to time MyFoxdfw.com may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our PII collection and use practices, the features of the Services, or technology. Your continued use of the Services after MyFoxdfw.com posts a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. If MyFoxdfw.com materially changes its practices regarding collection or use of your PII, your PII will continue to be governed by the Privacy Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of, and have not objected to, the change. 

**COLLECTION: COLLECTION OF PII BY MYFOX DFW.COM**   
General. When MyFoxdfw.com collects PII from you it is because you are voluntarily submitting the PII to us in order to register for the MyFoxdfw.com Web site. MyFoxdfw.com may also collect PII from you if you choose to participate in MyFoxdfw.com’s activities like sweepstakes, contests, games, and surveys or because you want us to furnish you with products, services, newsletters, or information, or in connection with content or suggestions you submit to MyFoxdfw.com for review. Registration PII required includes email address along with screen name and password. Other information including birth date, gender, country and zip code are optional. We may also obtain PII from reputable third parties. 

In addition, MyFoxdfw.com collects other non-PII including IP address, aggregate user data, and browser type. This data is used to manage and improve the Services, track usage, and for security and monitoring purposes. 

Cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that MyFoxdfw.com places on your computer. MyFoxdfw.com uses the cookies to identify your Internet browser, store users’ preferences, and to determine whether you have installed the enabling software needed to access certain material on the Services. 

Third-party advertisements displayed on the Services may also contain cookies set by Internet advertising companies or advertisers. MyFoxdfw.com does not control these cookies and users of the Services should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies. See the “Notice” section below for more information on third party advertising. 

You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent, block third party cookies or block all cookies. However, by blocking all cookies you may not have access to certain features on the Services 

**NOTICE: MYFOXDFW.COM WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH NOTICE ABOUT ITS PII COLLECTION PRACTICES**   
When you voluntarily provide PII to MyFoxdfw.com, we will make sure you are informed about who is collecting the information, how and why the information is being collected and the types of uses MyFoxdfw.com will make of the information. 

At the time you provide your PII, MyFoxdfw.com will notify you of your options regarding our use of your PII (See “Choice” below). Except as described in this Privacy Policy, MyFoxdfw.com will not share your PII with third parties unless you have given MyFoxdfw.com permission to do so (See “Use” below).   
Sometimes we collect PII from consumers in manual format or off-line, such as a post card or subscription form. Providing detailed notice in those situations often proves impractical, so consumers will instead be provided with a short notice that describes how to obtain the full text of this Privacy Policy and other relevant information from us. 

The Services may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies. Some of these third- party sites may be co-branded with the MyFoxdfw.com logo or an affiliated entity, even though they are not operated or maintained by MyFoxdfw.com (for example, co-sponsored chat pages, or advertising sponsor pages). The MyFoxdfw.com Web site may also carry advertisements from other companies. MyFoxdfw.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with the Services or for the privacy practices of third parties or Internet advertising companies. Once you’ve left the Services via such a link or by clicking on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third parties or advertiser site to determine how they will handle any PII they collect from you. 

The Services may also be linked to sites operated by companies affiliated with MyFoxdfw.com (i.e., that are part of the News America Group). Although all News America Group entities adhere to the group’s Privacy Principles located at http://www.newscorp.com/privacy.html, visitors to those affiliated sites should still refer to their separate privacy policies and practices, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy. 

Some of the advertisements that appear on MyFoxdfw.com are delivered to you by third party Internet advertising companies. These companies utilize certain technologies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect anonymous information about your visit to or use of our Services, including information about the ads they display, via a cookie placed on your computer that reads your IP address. To opt out of information collection by these companies, or to obtain information about the technologies they use or their own privacy policies, please visit: www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. 

**CHOICE: MYFOXDFW.COM WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH CHOICES ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR PII  
** Except as described in this Privacy Policy, MyFoxdfw.com will not use the PII you provide to us for purposes different from the purpose for which it was submitted, or share your PII with third parties that are not affiliated with MyFoxdfw.com (i.e., not part of the News America Group), without your permission. 

**USE: MYFOXDFW.COM’S USE OF PII**   
MyFoxdfw.com will only use the PII you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If MyFoxdfw.com obtains PII from a third party, such as a business partner, our use of that information is also governed by this Privacy Policy. 

If you have consented to receive promotional materials from MyFoxdfw.com, MyFoxdfw.com may periodically use your email address to send you notifications related to the Services. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from MyFoxdfw.com, click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each promotional email. 

MyFoxdfw.com may share your PII with companies that are affiliated with us, that is, are part of the News America Group of companies. Provided you have given us permission, MyFoxdfw.com may also share your PII with advertisers and business partners that are not affiliated with MyFoxdfw.com, but would like to send you information about their products and services. For example, some of the companies who supply prizes for MyFoxdfw.com’s contests may have special offers or promotions that might be of interest to users of the MyFoxdfw.com Web site. We will not share your PII with third parties without your permission. 

We will not share your credit card information with third parties except those MyFoxdfw.com uses to perform tasks (such as order fulfillment and payment processing) required to complete purchases you make through MyFoxdfw.com. MyFoxdfw.com employees, agents and contractors must have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to your PII. MyFoxdfw.com may share your PII with outside contractors or agents who help us manage our information activities (i.e., message boards, sweepstakes administration, order fulfillment, statistical analyses, data processing), or with outside contractors, agents or sponsors who help us with administration, judging and prize fulfillment aspects of contest, promotions, and sweepstakes. These outside contractors, agents, or sponsors may only use your PII to provide MyFoxdfw.com with a specific service and not for any other purpose without your consent. MyFoxdfw.com may also provide your PII to a third party in those instances where you have chosen to receive certain information and have been notified that the fulfillment of such a request requires the sharing of your PII. 

As described in the “Notice” section above, MyFoxdfw.com may customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on our Site, or may work with outside companies to do so. Your non-PII may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. MyFoxdfw.com prohibits these companies from sharing your information with any third party or from using it for any purpose other than targeting advertising. 

MyFoxdfw.com may aggregate PII and use it anonymously. Anonymous click stream, number of page views calculated by web beacons, and aggregated demographic information may also be shared with MyFoxdfw.com’s advertisers and business partners. 

There may be instances when MyFoxdfw.com may access or disclose any data or content provided by you (including, without limitation, PII and non-PII) without providing you with a choice in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights of MyFoxdfw.com, other companies within the News America Group or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) to protect the safety and security of users of the Services or members of the public including acting in urgent circumstances; (iii) to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) or to comply with the law or legal process. In addition, if MyFoxdfw.com sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, MyFoxdfw.com may transfer your PII to a third party as part of that transaction. 

**SECURITY: MYFOXDFW.COM PROTECTS THE SECURITY OF PII  
** MyFoxdfw.com uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard PII and credit card information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. In addition, MyFoxdfw.com uses reasonable methods to make sure that PII is accurate, up-to-date and appropriately complete. 

**ACCESS, REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE: HOW TO ACCESS, CORRECT OR CHANGE YOUR PREFERENCES REGARDING YOUR PII AND HOW TO CONTACT MYFOXDFW.COM ABOUT PRIVACY CONCERNS  
** To access your PII, send an e-mail with the word “Privacy” in the subject line to Privacy@foxtv.com, or write to Internet Privacy Information at Fox Television Stations, Inc., Legal Department, 1999 South Bundy Drive, Los Angeles, California 90025, requesting a listing of the PII that is on file that you have provided or that has been obtained from a third party. We will provide you with a list of your PII within thirty (30) calendar days from receipt of your request. There may be certain instances when we may not be able to provide the PII, such as when access would violate the privacy of another individual or when access is prohibited by law.

In the event the PII on file is incorrect, you may correct the PII by sending a written request for correction to Internet Privacy Information at Fox Television Stations, Inc., Legal Department, 1999 South Bundy Drive, Los Angeles, California 90025, including (1) all of the incorrect PII, (2) the corrections that you wish to make to your PII, and (3) your signature authorizing such changes. We will then correct the PII in its database and send a written confirmation to you within forty-five (45) business days. 

If you would like to communicate with us about this Privacy Policy or MyFoxdfw.com’s collection and use of your PII, to review or correct your PII, or to stop all future communication from us, please contact MyFoxdfw.com at: Privacy@foxtv.com.
