> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myfuture.edu.au privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170216155422id_/https%3A//myfuture.edu.au/footer/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy | myfuture

### 1\. Introduction

Education Services Australia Limited maintains and hosts the myfuture website (Website). Where relevant, references to "We", “Our” and “Us” in this Privacy Policy mean Education Services Australia Limited.

All personal information collected by Us is protected by the Privacy Act (Cth) 1988. Information on Australian privacy law can be found on the website of the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner [www.oaic.gov.au](http://www.oaic.gov.au/).

We are committed to protecting the privacy of personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how We may collect personal information about you, and how We might use, disclose and handle that personal information.

### 2.Information collected when you use this Website

 **(a) Log information**

When you visit this Website Our server makes a record of your visit and logs the following information:

  * your server address
  * your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .net, .edu, etc)
  * the time and date of your visit to the Website
  * the pages and documents you have accessed or viewed
  * the type of browser you are using.



 **(b) Cookies and Google Analytics**

A cookie is a small amount of information stored on your computer by our server. This information is sent by your web browser to our server whenever you visit it again. Cookies are used to remember your browser between page visits. However, the cookie identifies your browser, not you personally. No personal information is stored within the myfuture.edu.au cookies.

This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Website analyse how users use the Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google Inc on servers in the United States. 

Google Inc uses this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on website activity for Us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google Inc may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google Inc's behalf. Google Inc will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google Inc.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website. When using this Website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google Inc in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

 **(c) Registration on the Website**

The personal information collected by Us if you register on the Website:

  * will include the month and year of your birth, gender, career stage and post code. We may use this personal information to review Website usage patterns in order to assist us to optimise the user experience (e.g. providing personalised content); and


  * may include, at your option, your email address and your first and last name. If you provide your email address to Us, We may communicate with you about myfuture and careers. If at any time you no longer wish to receive such communications, please contact Us at privacy@esa.edu.au. 



 **(d) Emails and electronic forms**

The personal information collected by Us when you send Us an email, will include your email address and may also include some of your personal information. In all cases and at all times, this personal information will only be used for the stated purpose for which it was provided.

We record your personal information when:

  * you subscribe to any of our publications
  * you use our contact page to contact Us
  * you register on the Website or to attend one of our events.



We will not disclose your personal information to a third party other than as described in this Privacy Policy, without your express consent.

### 3\. Storage of Newsletter Subscriber information

ESA usually stores your personal information on its databases in Australia.

However, ESA uses Campaign Monitor for the creation and management of newsletters. In order to perform this function, ESA provides the addresses and audience type of newsletter subscribers to Campaign Monitor and Campaign Monitor stores this information in the United States. Please refer to [Campaign Monitor's terms of use](https://www.campaignmonitor.com/policies/) for further details on how it operates.

You may decline to provide your information by not signing up for newsletters. If you sign up to receive newsletters you consent to ESA transmitting your information to Campaign Monitor and Campaign Monitor storing your information on servers located in the United States. This means that once you have chosen to provide your information, ESA is not required to take reasonable steps to ensure that Campaign Monitor does not breach the Australian Privacy Principles in relation to personal information that it provides to Campaign Monitor. You can access Campaign Monitor's [privacy policy here.](https://www.campaignmonitor.com/policies/)

#### 4\. Publication of your personal information  


We will only publish personal information on this Website if it has been collected for this purpose with your knowledge, or if you have otherwise consented to the disclosure.

When giving such consent you should be aware that personal information published on this Website is accessible by multiple users from all over the world, that it will be indexed by search engines and that it may be copied and used by any web user. This means that, once personal information is published on this Website, We will have no control over its subsequent use and disclosure.

### 5\. Access to and correction of personal information

If you want to know what, if any, personal information We hold about you, or wish to correct any personal information We may hold about you, you may access and correct such personal information at any time by contacting Us via the Contact Us page on this Website.

### 6\. Information sharing

We only disclose personal information to third parties where:

  * you are reasonable likely to have been aware, or made aware by way of a privacy notice, that your personal information is usually passed to the relevant parties;
  * you have consented;
  * We believe on reasonable grounds that the disclosure is necessary to prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to your life or health or that of another person;
  * the disclosure is required by law; or
  * the disclosure is reasonably necessary for the enforcement of the criminal law or of a law imposing a penalty, or for the protection of the public revenue.



### 7\. Security of your personal information

We take all reasonable steps to ensure that the information (including personal information) We hold in our servers is not subject to loss, misuse or unauthorised access or alteration. We will destroy or permanently remove your personal information upon your request.

This Website does not, however, provide facilities for the secure transmission of information across the internet. You should be aware that there are inherent risks associated with the transmission of personal information via the internet. If you do not wish to use the internet to transmit personal information you can mail or telephone Us.

You should also note that if you link to a web page from our Website, a different privacy and security statement may apply. Therefore, once you leave this Website, you should check the online privacy and security policies of the new website. 

### 8\. Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore We recommend that you regularly check this Privacy Policy. 

### 9\. How to contact Us

If at any time you:

  * have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement, the practices of this Website or dealings with this Website; or
  * if you are concerned that we have breached your privacy and wish to make a complaint,
  * please contact Us at privacy@esa.edu.au



If you would like to know more about your rights under Australian privacy laws, please refer to the website of the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner [www.oaic.gov.au](http://www.oaic.gov.au/). 

This Privacy Policy was last updated on 3 January 2017.
