> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cooking.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20000620203947id_/http%3A//www.cooking.com/products/shourplg.asp%23privacy%3FHome%3Dprod) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cooking.com - Pledge

   |   
**Our pledge to you, our customer:**  
Cooking.com respects your privacy. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. We do not sell, rent or loan any identifiable information regarding our customers to any third party. Any information you share with us is held with the utmost care and security, and will not be used in ways with which you have not agreed. When you purchase products from Cooking.com, we automatically place you on our list to receive e-mails regarding updates about special offers, new products and new services. If you do not wish to receive e-mail updates, please complete our [e-mail form](https://web.archive.org/guestassist/shgaform.asp?txtErrorMessages=Help&SubjectIndex=13&SubTopicIndex=0) and select unsubscribe. Cooking.com gives the user an option for changing and modifying information previously provided. Please e-mail any modifications using our [e-mail form](https://web.archive.org/guestassist/shgaform.asp?txtErrorMessages=Help&SubjectIndex=6&SubTopicIndex=0). 

**Use of information:**  
Our Internet site is meant to be a service to you, and we respect your privacy. In order to provide you with the best products, timely information and quality customer service, we record a variety of information from your visit to our site. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are name, address, email address, phone number and credit card information. Cooking.com does not maintain individual credit card information beyond the processing of individual orders. This information is not maintained in any database. On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are name, address and phone number. Cooking.com uses the information you provide about yourself to process that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. 

We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. 

We offer gift-cards to allow you to personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift. 

You can correct or update your email address for the purposes of inclusion in our newsletter by returning to our [newsletter registration](http://cooking1.m0.net/m/p/ckg/reg/subscribe.asp) page and unsubscribing the address currently registered through Cooking.com and then re-subscribing using the new or updated email address. If you need to make changes to or gain access to personally identifiable information that we collect and maintain (name, address, telephone number, email address, and order history not including credit card information), you can send an email request to [Guest Assistance](https://web.archive.org/guestassist/shcontus.asp), a postal mail request (2850 Ocean Park Blvd. Suite 310, Santa Monica, CA 90405) or by calling us toll-free at (877) 999-2433. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. 

Cooking.com may use your name, address, and order history for marketing purposes including sales and geographic analyses. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers and third parties. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. Cooking.com does not sell or share any information at the individual customer level. If you supply us with your postal address, e-mail address or telephone number on-line, you may receive periodic contacts from us via the mail, e-mail or telephone with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such contacts, please let us know by sending us a message via [e-mail](https://web.archive.org/guestassist/shcontus.asp), postal mail or by calling us toll-free (877) 999-2433. 

**Cookies:**  
Cooking.com uses a feature of your Internet Web browser called a cookie to assign an identification code to your computer. Cookies are files that your Web browser places on your computer’s hard drive. We only use cookies to keep track of items you put into your shopping cart, to tell us whether you have visited Cooking.com previously, and to help us determine whether you came to Cooking.com from a particular Internet link or banner advertisement. We do not and cannot use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer unless such information was knowingly and willingly provided by you. Cookies do not provide us with access to any credit card information. 

**Cooking.com is an AOL Certified Merchant:**  
As a Certified Merchant of America Online, we have agreed to abide by AOL’s privacy policy. To read more about this policy, please visit [AOL’s Privacy Policy](http://legal.web.aol.com/policy/aolpol/privpol.html). If you have further questions about Cooking.com’s privacy policy, please direct your inquiries to us via [e-mail](https://web.archive.org/guestassist/shcontus.asp). 
