> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the coolsavings.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161128113100id_/http%3A//www.coolsavings.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Grocery coupons, Printable Coupons, Online Coupon Codes, Daily Deals | CoolSavings

Last Updated: August 22, 2016

This CoolSavings® Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to information collected through the CoolSavings® Offerings including the CoolSavings® website located at www.coolsavings.com ("Site") which is owned and operated by Q Interactive, LLC ("CoolSavings®", "we", "our" or "us"). This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personal information and other information that we collect when a user: accesses: (a) the Site; (b) the Site's viewable text, graphics and other material (collectively, "Content"); (c) a variety of printable, web-based coupons ("Printable Coupons") and online coupon codes ("Coupon Codes"), as made available on the Site by CoolSavings'® third party coupon product/service providers ("Coupon Providers"); (d) a variety of local deals, promotional offers and discounts ("Promotional Offers", and together with the Printable Coupons and Coupon Codes, the "Coupons"), on the Site and provided by CoolSavings'® third party offer providers ("Offer Providers," and together with the Third Party Coupon Providers, the "Merchants"); (e) the sample program ("Sample Program") that will enable users to register to receive free samples and other discounted merchandise (collectively, the "Samples"); and/or (f) certain promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes we offer on the Site from time to time (collectively, "Sweepstakes," and together with the Site, Content, Vouchers, Sample Program and Samples the "CoolSavings® Offerings").

Capitalized terms not defined herein have the same meanings as in the CoolSavings® Terms and Conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN THEIR ENTIRETY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE OR THE COOLSAVINGS® OFFERINGS.

We also describe additional rights that California users have under the California "Shine the Light" law.

Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this Privacy Policy explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this Privacy Policy easy to find, we make it available on the homepage of the Site, and where personally identifiable information may be collected.

We collect certain personally identifiable information from users, as applicable, when a user registers to access one or more CoolSavings® Offerings. Depending on which of the CoolSavings® Offerings you are attempting to access, the information that you must supply on the registration form ("Form") may include some or all of the following: (a) full name; (b) full mailing address; (c) telephone number; (d) e-mail address; (e) your password; and (f) any other information requested on the Form. Where a user accesses certain of the CoolSavings® Offerings using their Facebook® account, we may collect some or all of the following (depending on the user's Facebook® account settings and the discretion of Facebook®): (i) the user's e-mail address; (ii) the information listed in the "About Me" section of the user's Facebook® account; (iii) the "interests" associated with the user's Facebook® account; (iv) the user's Facebook® account ID and the "likes" associated with the user's Facebook® account; and (v) any other information collected via the Facebook® account interface, depending on the user's Facebook® account settings. We may also collect certain portions of your personal information when you otherwise agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, but do not complete the applicable registration process in full.

Facebook® is a registered trademark of Facebook Inc. ("Facebook"). CoolSavings® is not in any way affiliated with Facebook, and neither CoolSavings® nor the CoolSavings® Offerings are endorsed or sponsored by Facebook.

Here are some other ways we may collect information:

From time-to-time, we may provide you with the opportunity to participate in surveys, Sweepstakes or contests through the CoolSavings® Offerings, or through one of our trusted partners who may operate the applicable survey, Sweepstakes or contest. If you participate in a survey, Sweepstakes or contest, we or our trusted partners may request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys, Sweepstakes or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore may choose whether to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and postal address) and demographic information (such as age). We may use this information as described in this Privacy Policy, to improve the CoolSavings® Offerings, to monitor Site traffic and/or to personalize your experience with the CoolSavings® Offerings.

From time-to-time, we may provide you with the opportunity to provide us with a testimonial about the CoolSavings® Offerings. We will require your permission to post testimonials that include your personally identifiable information prior to posting to the Site.

If you choose to use our referral service to tell-a-friend about the CoolSavings® Offerings, we will ask you for your friend's name and contact information. We will automatically send your friend a one-time communication inviting them to visit the Site or otherwise access the CoolSavings® Offerings. CoolSavings® stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time communication and tracking the success of our referral program.

**Newsletters and Special Offers** We use your personally identifiable information to communicate with you about various third party and/or CoolSavings® products, services, special deals and/or promotions that we think might be of interest to you. If you would like to opt-out of receiving such communications in the future, please utilize the options set forth in the "Choice/Opt-out" section below.

**Service-Related Announcements and Updates** We will send you strictly CoolSavings® Offerings-related announcements when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if any portion of the CoolSavings® Offerings is temporarily suspended for maintenance or if new features or services are added to the CoolSavings® Offerings, we may send you a communication.

To opt-out of receiving CoolSavings® Offerings-related messages from CoolSavings®, please [contact us](http://reg.coolsavings.com/info.htm?tp=con&promo_name=&catalog_id=14078). Please be advised that when you opt out of receiving CoolSavings® Offerings-related e-mails, you must cease requesting and/or utilizing the CoolSavings® Offerings including Coupons and Samples.

**Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable):**

We share aggregated demographic, performance and behavioral information about our user base with our partners and advertisers and our affiliates which includes our parent, our subsidiaries and commonly controlled entities ("Affiliates"). This information does not identify individual users.

**Personally identifiable information:**

We may share your personal information with our marketing partner, as well as our Affiliates and other third party marketing partners, so that those parties can supply you with special CoolSavings® and/or third party offers by email. If you do not want to receive these communications, please refer to the "Choice/Opt-out" section below.

We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities, such as a hosting provider or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.

We may provide your personal information to specific companies who have their products and services featured on the Site and/or otherwise by and through the CoolSavings® Offerings. For example, we may provide your personal information to an advertiser, Merchant or other Third-Party Provider if you have taken an action to register for, or request more information from, that Advertiser/Third-Party Provider, or requested a Coupon from that Merchant, as applicable.

We may provide your information to our Affiliates to enable them to develop, augment and provide new and/or improved products and services.

We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; provided, however, that, where permitted by applicable law, we shall provide you with e-mail notice, and opportunity to challenge the subpoena, prior to disclosure of any personal information pursuant to a subpoena; if we believe that the CoolSavings® Offerings are being or have been used in violation of the Terms or to commit unlawful acts; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government request; if CoolSavings® is involved in a merger, acquisition, a sale of all or a portion of its assets or is the subject of bankruptcy proceedings, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices that you may have regarding your personal information; to any other third party with your prior consent to do so. For example, when registering on the Community section of the Site, your personal information will be shared with NING, which operates the platform for the "Community" section of the Site on behalf of CoolSavings®.

We provide you with the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, such as to send you marketing material from us or our third party partners. If you no longer wish to receive email from our third party marketing partners, or any other third party marketing partner of CoolSavings®, you may opt-out of receiving future e-mail from such third party(ies) by following the instructions included in each email sent by such parties. If you no longer wish to have us share your e-mail address with third parties for marketing purposes, please [Click Here](http://reg.coolsavings.com/suppress.htm). If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by changing your preferences in the "My Preferences" section of your Account.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continue to contact you for purposes of communicating information relating to your request for CoolSavings® Offerings, your participation in a Sweepstakes promotion, your request for Samples and/or Coupons, as well as to respond to any inquiry or request made by you. To opt-out of receiving CoolSavings® Offerings-related, Sweepstakes-related, Sample-related, Coupon-related and/or inquiry response-related messages from CoolSavings®, you must cease requesting and/or utilizing the CoolSavings® Offerings, cease participating in our Sweepstakes offerings, cease requested Samples/Coupons and/or cease submitting inquiries to CoolSavings®, as applicable.

We endeavor to safeguard and protect our users' personal information. When users make personal information available to us, their personal information is protected both online and offline (to the extent that we maintain any personal information offline). Where our registration/application process prompts users to enter sensitive information, if any (such as credit card information, bank account information, Social Security Number, etc.), and when we store and transmit such sensitive information, that information is encrypted and is protected with encryption software that complies with the encryption requirements established by the PCI Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), such as advanced TLS (Transport Layer Security).

Access to your personal information is strictly limited, and we take reasonable measures to ensure that your personal information is not accessible to the public. All of our users' personal information is restricted in our offices, as well as the offices of our third party service providers. Only employees or third party agents who need personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal information. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all user personal information. Employees not adhering to our firm policies are subject to disciplinary action. The servers that we store personal information on are kept in a secure physical environment. We also have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and/or alteration of personal information under our control.

Please be advised, however, that while we take every reasonable precaution available to protect your personal information, no storage facility, technology, software, security protocol or data transmission over the Internet or via wireless networks can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Computer hackers that circumvent our security measures may gain access to certain portions of your personal information, and technological bugs, errors and glitches may cause inadvertent disclosures of your personal information. You should know that that any attempt to breach the security of the network, our servers, databases or other hardware or software may constitute a crime punishable by law. For the reasons mentioned above, we cannot warrant that your personal information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data at or through the Site, other CoolSavings® Offerings, or otherwise via the Internet or wireless network, is done at your own risk.

In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we will notify any applicable regulatory agencies and you (via email) if we learn of an information security breach with respect to your personal information. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.

If your personally identifiable information changes, you may submit changes through the My Preferences section of the website. If you request deletion of your personal information, please note that your personal information will be suppressed from further use as described in this Privacy Policy. However, we will retain and use your personal information as necessary in order to comply with our corporate policies including legal obligations, dispute resolution and enforcement of our agreements. To submit such a request concerning the personal information we previously collected, contact us [here](http://reg.coolsavings.com/info.htm?tp=con&promo_name=&catalog_id=14078). We will respond to your request within thirty (30) days.

We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).

Please be advised that deleting your personal information may terminate your access to certain of the CoolSavings® Offerings, including potentially terminating your eligibility in any Sweepstakes that you have entered and potentially terminating any request for Sample(s) and/or Coupons that you have submitted. If you wish to continue using the full complement of CoolSavings® Offerings, you may not be able to delete all of the personal information that we have on file for you.

Please be further advised that, after you delete your personal information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems.

Protecting the privacy of children is especially important. For this reason, we never knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 13. If we obtain actual knowledge that such information has been collected, that information will be immediately suppressed from our database.

The Site uses cookies to enhance and personalize your online experience and to enable the Site to recognize you as a previous visitor. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website's computer and stored on your computer's hard drive. You can adjust the settings on your browser to erase or block such technologies from your computer if you want to, but if you do so, you may experience difficulty using or accessing certain of the CoolSavings® Offerings.

Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies that it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other websites. Many websites do this whenever a user visits the website in order to track online traffic flows. Cookies record information about your online preferences and may be tied to your personally identifiable information, such as your email address for these purposes. End-users have the opportunity to set their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. To find out more about Cookies, please visit www.cookiecentral.com.

We, as well as third parties, employ web beacons, pixel technology and other tracking software and/or technology (collectively, "Web Beacons") that helps us better manage content on the Site by informing us of what content is effective. Certain Web Beacons are comprised of tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, Web Beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We may tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our users' personally identifiable information, such as their email addresses, to enhance and personalize content and the user's online experience.

We use Web Beacons in our HTML-based e-mail to let us know which e-mail messages have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If you would like to opt-out of the receipt of these e-mail communications, please see the "Choice/Opt-out" section above.

The Site also allows our partners and advertisers that are presenting advertisements on the Site to set their cookies, or apply Web Beacons or similar technologies, to your computer. We have no access to, or control over, these third party tracking technologies. This information may be used to: provide security; authenticate your Login; personalize features on the Site; enable you to participate in certain online activities, such as making sure that each person only votes in an online poll once; help measure and research the effectiveness of the Site, including collecting statistics on your response to advertisements, e-mail and other communications that you receive; and/or remember the preferences and registration data that you provide to us.

The Site and our associated third parties may also use ad network providers to help present advertisements on the Site. These ad network providers may use cookies, Web Beacons or similar technologies on your computer to tailor content, advertisements to your preferences, help target, measure and track your visits and the effectiveness of advertisements and promotions, using data gathered over time and across their networks of web pages to determine or predict the characteristics and preferences of their audiences and to provide security within shopping baskets or transactions. The use of cookies, Web Beacons and similar technologies is subject to their respective privacy policies, not this one.

You may opt out from the collection of online viewing data for behavioral advertising purposes by companies who have elected to participate in one of the behavioral advertising opt-out mechanisms such as the Digital Adverting Alliance's opt-out program located at <http://www.aboutads.info/choices> or the Network Advertising Initiative at [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/). As is the case with most websites, we have not elected to participate in any of these programs at this time or alter our behavior when a user of the Site has activated the "do-not-track" setting on their browser.

We gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.

We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the Site and CoolSavings® Offerings, to track users' movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our user-base as a whole.

We may link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information to document your registration IP address, date and time, detect and investigate malicious activity, as necessary, comply with our corporate policies including, but not limited to, legal obligations, dispute resolution and enforcement of our agreements and to assist us with enhancing and personalizing content and your online experience.

We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies and clear gifs to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to the Site, in the aggregate, in order to track usage and volume statistics for purposes of improving the CoolSavings® Offerings.

The Site contains links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by CoolSavings® including the websites of our Merchants and Third-Party Providers. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites.

We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.

This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by CoolSavings® by and through the CoolSavings® Offerings.

Our offer pages and other pages on the Site may be powered by third parties that are either acting as a service provider for us or in some other cases may own and control the data collected (for example, our Community pages). Please view the Privacy Policy that links from each page on the Site to understand these relationships.

The California "Shine the Light" law permits users who are California residents to request information regarding our disclosure of their Information to third parties including the categories of Information shared and a list of the names and addresses of third parties with whom the Information was shared. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a request by contacting us [here](http://reg.coolsavings.com/info.htm?tp=con&promo_name=&catalog_id=14078) or by writing to us at the address set forth below. In your request, please specify that you want "Your CoolSavings® California Privacy Rights Notice." Please allow 30 days for a response.

Most browsers contain a "do-not-track" setting. In general, when a "do-not-track" setting is active, the user's browser notifies other websites that the user does not want their Information and online behavior to be tracked and used, for example, for behavioral advertising. As required by recent Shine the Light law amendments we are required to inform you that, as is the case with most websites, we do not honor or alter our behavior when a user to the Site has activated the "do-not-track" setting on his/her browser.

We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information collection, use and sharing practices. If the manner in which we use personally identifiable information changes, we will notify you by: (a) sending the modified policy to our users via email; and/or (b) by any other reasonable means acceptable under applicable state and federal law. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner, and we will only use your information in this different manner where you opt-in to such use. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.

Should you have other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please [contact us](http://reg.coolsavings.com/info.htm?tp=con&promo_name=&catalog_id=14078).

CoolSavings Privacy, 1601 NW 136th Ave, Ste A-200, Sunrise, FL 33323
