> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kannadacine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180309220333id_/http%3A//www.kannadacine.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Kannada Cine

The privacy of personal information of visitors to this site is important to us. Here is a little information on the types of personal information collected while serving Advertisements on this site, and how this information is protected. None of the personal information collected is ever sold to third parties and is limited to your browsing habits on this website. No personal details are ever collected. Log Files: As with most websites, data located in log files is collected. The information in the log files includes a visitor’s IP address, ISP, browser used at the time of visit to the site, the time you visited and the distribution of pages navigated on this site. Cookies: Cookies are used to store information, which include any personal preferences you may have while visiting and navigating this site. Third party advertisements may be made use of on this site to support maintenance of the site. The advertisers use technology including cookies and web beacons as part of providing advertisements on this site, which send the third-party vendor information including your IP address, ISP, browser used at the time of visit to this site, and in some cases, info on whether you have Flash installed. This information collected is usually used for geo-targeting purposes in order to display advertisements appropriate to your location and your browsing-patterns while visiting this site as well as other sites. If you would like more information about this practice, for example, you may read about how Google uses data and your options to opt-out if you so choose **[HERE](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/)**
