> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tera-online.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-01-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120118112659id_/http%3A//www.tera-online.com/node/91) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | TERA - True Action Combat

En Masse Entertainment, Inc. ("En Masse", "we," or "our") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the Personal Information that you may provide us while using our site located at www.tera-online.com and the services and features offered through the site ("Site"). Your use of our Site is subject to your agreement to the terms of this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") and Terms of Service.

THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS A CONDITION OF ACCEPTANCE ON OUR SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE SERVICES EN MASSE PERFORMS ON BEHALF OF ITS AFFILIATES. BY USING OUR SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS POLICY'S TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

 **1\. Personal Information.** En Masse does not collect any Personal Information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily. If you decide to provide us your Personal Information (such as name, birth date, e-mail address, mailing address, and mailing address), we will only collect the Personal Information which is needed to fulfill your requests and/or our legitimate business objectives. If you refuse to divulge your Personal Information when requested, you may not be able to access certain areas of our Site.

 **2\. Site Registration.** In order for you to register for an account En Masse may require you to provide us with certain information including your name, birth date, e-mail address, and mailing address. We do not require Personal Information to obtain access to our Site; however, you will not be able to access areas that require registration.

 **3\. Non-Personal Information.** In addition to account registration data, En Masse will automatically collect certain Non-Personal Information about your use of our Site. We might collect, among other things, information concerning the type of Internet browser or computer operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider, your browsing behavior through our Site, and the web site or advertisement that was linked to or from the Site when you visited. To do this, we may use cookies and other technology (see below). Your visits to our Site, and information provided through these technologies, will be anonymous unless you provide us with Personal Information or have provided such information in the past. This information is only used for our internal purposes (such as to improve our Site or to customize content).

 **4\. Cookie and Related Technologies.** En Masse uses cookies and other technologies to passively collect demographic information, personalize your experience on our Site and monitor advertisements and other activities. Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer (if your browser is enabled to accept cookies) to track movements within web sites. We may link cookie information to Personal Information. We use cookies and other technology to customize your experience within our Site. Personal Information collected through the use of these technologies will be handled according to this Privacy Policy.

Most Internet browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You should refer to your browser instructions or "Help" screen to learn more about how to manage cookies. Please note, however, that if you block cookies, some portions of our Site may not function properly.

We do not control cookies in third party ads, and visitors are encouraged to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technology. The ads appearing on our Site may be delivered to you by third-party advertising companies. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements on our Site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.

We also maintain log files which contain Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses. An IP address is a numeric address that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. In general, we only use log files to monitor traffic on our Site, to report aggregate information to our advertisers and to troubleshoot technical problems. In the event of user abuse of our Site, however, we may block certain IP addresses. IP addresses may be used to personally identify you in order to enforce our Terms of Service.

 **5\. Statistical and Usage Data.** When you use our Site, we may retrieve information about your hardware system and how our services are used, including your Internet Protocol Address. We use this information to enable you to use the services offered through our Site over the Internet. We also use this information to better understand the behavior and preferences of our customers, so that we can improve our products and services. We will never use this information to personally identify you without your knowledge or consent.

 **6\. How Personal Information is Used.** Personal information which En Masse collects for a particular purpose will only be saved and used for that purpose, unless you have agreed to allow us to use it for some other purpose, as described in this Privacy Policy. When you have provided Personal Information to us for a particular purpose, we may disclose your information to other companies that we have engaged to assist us in fulfilling your request.

To enforce legal rights and comply with the law, or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority, or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, we may also disclose Personal Information to law enforcement, or the appropriate civil authorities when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our site.

We may use the information we collect from you for the purpose of providing you with technical support, customer service, and account maintenance. We use the information we collect to learn what you like, tailor your experience accordingly, and to improve web sites and our other products.

Your email address will be used to contact you regarding specific issues related to your account. You may also receive special notices and offers for products and services offered by us. You will be given the opportunity to "opt out" of any mailings which do not include critical information regarding your active account by following the directions contained in the e-mail to "unsubscribe." Except as described in this policy, we will not give any of your Personal Information to any third party without your express approval.

We sometimes share general, demographic, or aggregated (non-personal) information with third parties about our user base, but that information does not include any Personal Information.

You will be deemed to have consented to the disclosure to, and use by, a subsequent owner or operator of the Site, of any Personal Information contained in our database for such site, if En Masse or one of its companies assigns all of its rights and obligations regarding the use of your Personal Information at the time of a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, sale of all or substantially all of En Masse's assets to a subsequent owner or operator, or similar event.

Please do not use your real name or the real name of another person when selecting a username. Please note that your username will be available to the Internet's general public while you participate in some services, like message boards or forums, so you should exercise discretion when using these services. We are not responsible for protecting such information that you may disclose to third parties through our services.

 **7\. Children Under the Age of 13.** Because our Site is not directed to children under the age of 13, we prohibit registration to persons under age 13. If you are under the age of 13, you may not create an account on our Site. We will not knowingly collect, maintain, or disclose any Personal Information from children under the age of 13.

 **8\. Children Between the Ages of 13 and 18.** In order to protect the privacy interests of younger Internet users, En Masse does not allow children under the age of 18 to use our services without the consent of their parents. En Masse complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and all other applicable laws and regulations concerning children and the Internet. We do not disclose any Personal Information about children under 18 years of age who have registered on our Site to third parties, or share or disclose Personal Information other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy; provided however, that in the event of a merger, acquisition, or the unlikely event of bankruptcy, management of our customer information may be transferred to its successor or assign.

 **9\. Links and Third Party Services.** If you click on a link to a third party site, including on an advertisement, you will leave our Site and go to the site you selected. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your Personal Information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as En Masse. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services. If you visit a third party website that is linked to our Site, you should consult that site's privacy policy before providing any Personal Information.

 **10\. Accessing, Changing or Deleting Personal Information.** To review and update your Personal Information stored with En Masse, please access your account. If you choose to have your Personal Information removed from our active databases, we will do so within a reasonable time after your request and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is not used (except as may be required by law) by us after your notification to us.

 **11\. Security of Personal Information.** En Masse follows generally accepted industry standards to protect Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our Site, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is completely secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

 **12\. Information for People Outside the United States.** By consenting to this Privacy Policy, you confirm your command and knowledge of English is sufficient to understand the terms and conditions set forth herein. For persons in European Union countries, as used herein, terms such as "Personal Information" refer to "personal data" as defined by the Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data ("Directive"). We will not collect any personal data from you unless you provide it voluntarily by providing us with your freely given specific and informed consent. By using our Site, you agree that we may transfer your personal data outside the European Union in connection with the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. Your personal data may be transferred to the United States (and/or other non-EU jurisdictions, as applicable).

 **13\. Other Agreements That Govern Your Use of Our Site.** In addition to this Privacy Policy, your rights and obligations concerning the use of our Site are governed by our Terms of Service, any end user license agreement, any other supplemental agreements, and other applicable policies, guidelines, and requirements. When you sign up to use our Site, please review each such agreement carefully, as you must agree to be bound by each such agreement before you may use the service.

 **14\. Notice of Changes to the Privacy Policy.** By using this site, you signify your assent to En Masse's Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, pop-up screen, or by means of a notice on Site. If you choose to opt-out of our changed practice, our e-mail will contain instructions on how to opt-out. Your continued use of our Site will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Privacy Policy.
