> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the terrificshoper.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170216222248id_/http%3A//terrificshoper.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Terrificshoper

This Privacy Policy (the “PP”) sets forth the privacy practices of Terrificshoper (the “brand”) and applies to users that use [http://terrificshoper.com/ ](http://terrificshoper.com/)(the “Site”), and any software, products and service offered by the Company through the Site, or otherwise (the “Product(s)”). The Product(s) and the Site shall be referred to, collectively, as the “Software”. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of both the Company’s Terms and Conditions of Use (available at <http://terrificshoper.com/term-of-use/>[ ](http://shopperstab.com/termsofuse.html))(the “TCOU”) and the Company’s End User License Agreement (available at <http://terrificshoper.com/eula/>[ ](http://shopperstab.com/eula.html)) (the “EULA”), and PP, TCOU and EULA shall be binding upon any user using or attempting to use the Software or any portion thereof (“User”). If you do not wish to be bound by this PP and/or the TCOU and/or the EULA, you must exit the Site and/or terminate your usage (or your attempt of use) of the Product(s). The Company reserves the right to revise and amend this PP from time to time and any revised version will be deemed to be applicable from the first date of publication on the Site. Capitalized terms herein that are not defined shall have the meaning assigned to them in the TCOU.The Company knows that Users care how information about them is used and shared, and appreciates the trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. The Company may collect certain information about your web usage and sites you have visited, which may be shared with third parties and used for advertising.

1. **Personal Identifiable Information.**

1.1. **“Personal information”** is information that identifies or may identify you, or may be of a private or sensitive nature. The Company currently does not collect Personal Information, however reserves the right to collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users use or visit the Software or in the event the User places an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, contact us and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available thereof. Users may, however, use our Product(s) anonymously without the collection of any data by us. If we choose to collect such personally identifiable information, the Company will collect personally identifiable information from Users only if such Users voluntarily submit such information or upon active consent by the User. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information.

1.2. The Company values User’s privacy and control over User’s Personal Information, and therefore, In case personal identification information is collected, User is at any time entitled to authorized in writing or through his/her legal guardian, to notify the Company that he wishes to either review the personal information or delete it. User can notify the Company by sending an email to our legal department at [[/contact/](https://web.archive.org/contact/)]. In order to delete or allow User to review the personal information, the Company may require that User will provide it with identifying information in order to allow such review.

1.3. Moreover, should the information contained in the database be used for purposes of personally soliciting you, based on your affiliation to any population group as determined according to one or more attributes of people whose names are included in the database (“solicitation for commercial purposes”), the Protection of Privacy Law, 5741-1981, entitles you to submit a written request that such information pertaining to you be deleted from the database. In such a case, the website management will delete any information required for solicitation for commercial purposes as stated above. Please note that deleting such information might prevent you from continuing to receive services from us.

2. **Non-personally Identifiable Information**

2.1. The Company may also collect non-personally identifiable information (“NPII”) about Users whenever they interact with our Software. The Company might collect NPII using a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information whenever User interacts with the Software, including without limitation, the URL that the User was referred from to the Software (“Affiliate Referral URLs”) or other marketing or distribution sources, areas within the Software the User view and interact with, including by way of purchasing Third Party Services, or redeeming coupons or accept offers accessed through our Software, the comments User makes through the Company’s Interactive Services, and how User otherwise uses Company’s Services and which offers are of interest to User (“Usage Information”). In addition, the Company might collect User’s IP address or other unique identifier for the User’s Internet device (“Device Identifier”).

2.2 The aforesaid NPII may include the browser name, IP address, the type of computer User uses and technical information about User’s means of connection to the Software (such as the operating system and the Internet service User utilizes and other similar information). The Company may use this NPII for a variety of purposes, including enhancing or otherwise improving the Software.

2.3. A few of the tracking technologies that may be used to collect Usage Information include, without limitation, the following:

2.3.1. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to the Device used to access the Software. Company’s computers identify User’s Device by its Device Identifier. Usage Information will be non-identifying. When User downloads and uses Product the Company will also collect information from its affiliates (such as third parties providing the Third Parties Services) based upon the sites you visit, the coupons you redeem, and other web sites you may have visited or Affiliate Referral URLs and will store those Affiliate Referral URLs and a list of the third parties which provide the User with Third Party Services on the User’s Internet Device to assist. Thus, assisting the Company in providing User with information, content and advertisements it believes may interest him.

2.3.2. Cookies. A cookie is a data file placed on a device when it is used to interact with the Software. The Company may use cookies to collect information for record keeping purposes, to make it easier to navigate the Software. The Company uses both “persistent cookies”. “Persistent” cookies are used to make tasks like logging into a Website easier and for counting purposes (such as counting and identifying actions made by User through the Software) by remembering the User’s login information. Persistent cookies shall be stored on the User’s device from one session to the next. Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering the User any his preferences and tracking his visits to Web-pages, third parties sites and redemption of coupons. When User clicks on a coupon or an offer on available on the Software a cookie will be set on his Internet device to track his use and redemption of the coupon or offer. The User can choose to have his device warn him each time a persistent or session cookie is being sent. A User can choose to turn off such cookies through his browser settings. If the User chooses to disable cookies on his device, some features of the Software may not function properly.

2.3.3. The company’s extension collects browsing history in order to provide relevant coupons and deals.

2.3.4. Web Beacons Web Beacons are small graphic images or other web programming code (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in the Software and the content provided therein. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count users interacting with the Software, to monitor how users navigate through various Websites, or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.

3\. How Collected Information Is Used.

3.1. 3.1. The Company currently does not use or collect the aforesaid data, however it may, in the future, use data collected for various purposes including, but not limited, the following:

3.1.1 To send periodic emails.

3.1.2. To process payments.

3.1.3. To personalize User(s)'(s) experience.

3.1.4. To improve service it provides, the Software (or any portion thereof).

3.1.5. To respond to User’s requests and support the Company’s costumers’ needs more efficiently.

3.1.6. To provide User(s) with content the Company believes may interest such User(s), such as targeted advertising content or other commercial information.

3.1.7. To share your information with third parties (solely NPII).

3.2. The Company may access and disclose, without notification, User information, any communications sent or received by the User, and any other information that the Company may have about the User or his account as may be permitted or required by law (including, but not limited to, court order or subpoena), or to prevent or investigate suspected fraud, violations of the EULA or this Privacy Policy or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability.

3.3. The Company may disclose User’s information and/or communications in situations that it believes to be: (i) emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat; or (ii) User’s conduct in connection with the Software or when using the Third Party Services that the Company believe is inappropriate and inconsistent with generally accepted norms of behavior.

3.4. In the event of a change of ownership or control off all or a part of the Company, including without limitation if that the Company, or any of its businesses, is sold or disposed of, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, the Company reserves the right to sell all or part of the Personal Information and Non-Personal Information stored in our systems. Information about Users may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where we or any one of our businesses are seeking financing, investment, and support or funding. In such transactions, Personal Information (if any) will be subject to the promises made in any pre-existing PP than in force and effect.

4\. How We Protect Your Information. The Company adopts what it believes is appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access to such data.

5. **Sharing Information.**

5.1. The Company may use third party service or software providers in order to help it operate its business and/or Software, or to administer activities on its behalf. For this purpose the Company may share information it accepts or collects from Users. For example, the Company may share User’s information in order to provide Users with certain content which the Company or other third parties may think will be of interest to the User (such content may be provided either by the Company or by other third parties at its choice).

5.2. Third Party Analytics Technologies. The Company may use third parties’ analytic and other tools to better understand the usage of the Software by users and how to improve the Software. These third parties may use cookies, pixel tags or other technologies to collect and store anonymous information such as the time User visits certain Webpages, the Webpages visited by the User, time User spends on each Webpage, Device Identifiers, type of operating system and browser used, and Affiliate Referral URLs. These third parties will provide the Company with this information in part to help it understand and analyse shopping habits and other trends to enable it to improve its software and services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of the third parties specified in this Privacy Policy and the EULA. The Company does not have access to, nor control over, third parties’ use of cookies or other tracking technologies. User is advised to consult the respective privacy policies of these third parties to see his options for opting out of their use of such devices.

6\. **Third Party Content.**

6.1. The Company uses third-party ad servers and ad networks to serve advertisements and collect information whenever the User interact with the Software and/or the Third Party Services. These companies and the advertisers themselves may use information about the User’s visits on their application, website or even other Websites and the Software in order to provide advertisements about goods and services which they believe may interest the User. In the course of serving advertisements, these third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to the User’s Internet device, the advertisements and links that appear on the Software. They automatically receive the User’s Device Identifier when this happens. They may also use tracking technologies of their own to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content. When you click on a link, coupon or an offer on the Software an affiliate cookie will be set on the User’s Internet device to track his use and use of the link and the content provided therein, or the redemption of the coupon or offer.

6.2. User is advised that when using or accessing Third Party Services, third parties providing such content and/or services may also collect certain information about the User, according to their own privacy practices. User is advised to check the privacy policies and terms of use of any such third party before interacting or making any use of such Third Party Services.

7\. **7\. Information Warranty Disclaimer** Notwithstanding anything else in this PP, Company is not responsible for the accuracy, correctness and security of any of the information Company gather’s, store’s and disclose to User or to anyone else.

8\. **Compliance with Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.** Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important to us. Therefore, the Company does not knowingly collect or maintain information from Users who it positively knows are under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at [<http://terrificshoper.com/contact/>]. If the Company become aware that a child under 13 has provided it with Personal Information, it will delete such information from our files.

9. **International Users.** User is advised to be aware that information Company collect wills be transferred to, processed and stored in The United States of America. The data protection laws in The United States of America may differ from those of the country in which User is located, and User’s Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in The United States of America according to laws of The United States of America. By using the Software or providing any information, User gives his consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in The United States of America. User also consents to the application of laws of the state of Israel in all matters concerning the Site and this Privacy Policy. User is advised however his refrainment from providing the Company with certain information, may prevent him from engaging in certain Software related activities and/or downloading the Product(s).

10\. **Contacting Us** For any lack of clarity with respect to this PP or the privacy practices employed in the Software, Users are invited to contact the Company at [http<http://terrificshoper.com/contact/>] .

11\. **Changes to this Privacy Policy** This Policy may be revised from time to time at Company’s sole discretion, so please check it regularly. The last revision will be reflected in the “Last modified by” heading.
