> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the terragalleria.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190425142903id_/https%3A//www.terragalleria.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for terragalleria.com

## Privacy Policy

We take your privacy very seriously and never share your information with third parties. We use your personal data exclusively for sending our newsletter (name and e-mail address only) or fulfilling your orders (complete contact information incl. mailing address, phone number, card information) terragalleria.com collects and uses personal data. Here is a breakdown of the various types of information/data collected, the reasons for their collection and how they are used: 

General Visitation Tracking. The website uses Google Analytics, a widely used third party data processor. The data collected by Google Analytics doesn't personally identifies you to us. We also use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. Google Analytics and Google Adsense both use cookies. You can disable cookies on your web browser to stop Google from tracking your visit to our website. 

User Tracking. If you interact in specific ways with the website, you will receive a cookie so that we can identify you as a unique user for the purpose of making those specific interactions work. Those interactions consist of (a) creating an image selection (b) placing images in the cart for purpose of ordering prints (c) rating images. 

Email correspondence. We use an email server hosted by Google in regards to any communication to the email address in the "Contact" link. We archive and retain all email correspondence until such a time as we see fit to delete it or you ask us to delete it. We collect email addresses to send (a) send information, reply to inquiries (b) process orders and send updates pertaining to them (c) market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred. 

Email Newsletter. If you sign up for our email newsletter, the email address that you submit will be forwarded to Mailchimp, a third party data processor. We use MailChimp to collect email address details, and to send bulk email. Your email is not be stored on our server. Until such a time as you unsubscribe, you will receive periodic newsletters and promotional type emails and your email address will remain on the MailChimp database (for as long as we continue to use their services). If you would like your email address removed from our database, simply click the unsubscribe button in any of our emails or email us, using the email address that you have registered with us, to explicitly request removal. Our email newsletter is in full compliance with the CAN-SPAM act. 

Customer information. If you order licenses, prints, books, or ebooks from us, we will collect and your contact information for the purpose of fullfilling the order. In the case of licenses and prints, the information is stored on our server. In the case of books and ebooks, the information is collected by Trycelery, and E-junkie, two third-party data processors, who also invoke third-party data processors Paypal and Stripe. As PayPal or Stripe are taking payment on behalf of ourselves, we can see the name and email address information that PayPal or Stripe hold for you. We use this information to ensure that your payments are up to date. However, we are not privy to further Paypal or Stripe information. 

Wallpaper Membership. If you had subscribed for a wallpaper membership in the past (no new memberships are offered at this time), we received your contact information, username, and password. The reason we collect and store this information is to manage your access to the members only area. The information is saved within our website database which is hosted on our server. As the members only area is a paid service, you are charged via Paypal, a third party data processor. PayPal holds the necessary information you have provided them with in order that they can facilitate payment. As PayPal are taking payment on behalf of ourselves, we can see the name and email address information that PayPal hold for you. We use this information to ensure that your payments are up to date. However, we are not privy to further Paypal information. 

Data safety. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. No credit card information is kept on our server. Should we learn about a data breach, in accordance with the Fair Information Practices, within 7 business days, we will notify you by email. 

Privacy Policy Changes. From time to time we may update our privacy policy. We recommend that all users regularly check this page for any updates as explicit notification will not be given. 

Data Protection Officer. For any questions regarding our privacy policy please contact QT Luong [using this link](https://web.archive.org/contact.html). QT Luong will honor requests for your your user data or for deletion of your information. 
