> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the etronics.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141217063953id_/http%3A//www.etronics.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

### General Information

When you visit Etronics.com, we collect information about your visit. We collect your IP address, browser type, domain name, and we log the length of time of your visit and the number of times you visit and purchase from us. We use this information to gather aggregate non-specific demographic information about our visitors, and we use it to personalize the information you see on this site. Even more so, the IP Address is used to help identify you, your wish list and you're past purchases. The IP address is not at all linked to any personal identifiable information. We keep this information for our internal use; in order to personalize your use of the site. For example, in the future, we may recommend products or features you may like based on what you have liked in the past 

Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). We use a third party to authorize and verify all credit card transaction made through this site. The billing address and phone number you provide are used for verification purposes while your email address is used for multiple purposes; verification, log in and email order confirmations. The contact information from the order form may be used to send information about order status to our customers. All users have the option of opting out of any communication not pertaining to orders from us by notifying us using  [_this link_ ](http://www.etronics.com/contacts) . We also personalize your shopping experience by using your purchases to shape our recommendations for electronics, music, games and other merchandise that might be of interest to you. 

If a user elects to use our "email a friend" program for informing a friend about our site or products, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. Etronics will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. Etronics stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. This email address is removed form our database once the email has been sent. 

When you sign up for our newsletter, we need only an e-mail address--which is used to send the information requested. When subscribing to the Newsletter mailing list, you will not receive separate emails from other marketers as a result. You might receive offers from our company including those made through the newsletter itself, which, of course, you have elected to receive. Customers requesting a newsletter may receive emails notifying them of our special promotions and deals. If you choose to be removed from the newsletter please click on the unsubscribe link from the actual newsletter. 

Our site uses cookies to store information. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to remember your name and your customer ID number. This allows you to leave our site, come back later, and still view contents in your Wish List and/or purchases made in the past. These cookies allow us to better understand, in aggregate, the preferences of our users and thereby create new services that better attend to those preferences. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still use most of the features in our store, including placing items in your shopping cart and purchasing them.

### Special Relationships/Third Party Links

We have an affiliate program through Rakuten that allows other websites to earn money by directing people to our website. When you sign up as an affiliate, your contact information (website address and related information, email address, mailing and payment addresses, and contact information) is sent directly to us were we activate your affiliate status and pays you based on the sales you generate. We do not share any information with these affiliates other than the order total, which is needed for commission purposes. This site contains links to other sites. Such links are provided to you as a convenience only and does not constitute an endorsement of any third party site. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are 'clicking' to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statement and policies of those linked sites as their policies may differ from ours. We are not responsible for the policies or practices or the content of any third party site. The link to any third party site is not intended to state or imply that Etronics is affiliated or associated with any such site or legally authorized to use any trade name, registered trademark, logo, legal or official seal, or copyrighted symbol or material contained in the link.

### Security

When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. The data we collect from you is protected against unauthorized access. We have very strict policies 

Under all circumstances, including, without limitation, negligence and strict product liability, your use of this site and the third party sites is solely at your own risk. Etronics shall not be responsible for any direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages (whether liability is asserted in contract, tort or otherwise), costs or expenses, including, without limitation, lost profits, data, loss of good-will, loss of or damage to property or claims of third parties, arising out of, in connection with, or relating to your use of this site or any third party site. Should you be dissatisfied with this site or the content hereof or a third party site and the content thereof, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue use of this site or such third party site. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the foregoing remedy shall apply even if Etronics knew or should have known of the possibility of damages to you by use of this site or a third party site.

### Contacting the WebSite

If you have any questions about the policies set forth on this page, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact us using  [_this link_ ](http://www.etronics.com/contacts) .
