> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the muffslap.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-01-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110103021415id_/http%3A//www.muffslap.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Privacy Statement**

Your privacy is important to MuffSlap.com. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that MuffSlap.com collects, and the ways in which MuffSlap.com uses that personal information.

**Personal information collection**

MuffSlap.com may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:

  * Information collected by Google Analytics used and analyzed for the purpose of improving the functionality of our website.



**Using personal information**

MuffSlap.com may use your personal information to:

  * Administer this website
  * Personalize the website for the end user
  * Enable your access to and use of the website services
  * Supply to you services that you request
  * Send you statements
  * Send you marketing communications



Where MuffSlap.com discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.

In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, MuffSlap.com may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.

**Securing of your data**

MuffSlap.com will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.

**Updating this statement**

MuffSlap.com may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.

You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.

**Other websites**

This website contains links to other websites.

MuffSlap.com is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.

**Contact MuffSlap.com**

If you have any questions about this privacy policy or MuffSlap.com treatment of your personal information, please write to:

  * by email to muffslap@gmail.com



**Google Analytics**

_This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above._

Google’s privacy policy is available at: <http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html>.

**About cookies**

Cookies are information packets sent by web servers to web browsers, and stored by the web browsers.

The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables web servers to identify and track web browsers.

There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.

**Cookies on our website**

MuffSlap.com uses the following cookies on this website, for the following purposes:

  * Google Analytics



**Third party cookies**

When you use MuffSlap.com website, you may also be sent the following third party cookies, which may be used for the following purposes:

  * Google Analytics



**Refusing cookies**

Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies.

In Internet Explorer, you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.

In Firefox, you can adjust your cookies settings by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”.

Blocking cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of some websites.
