> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mufin.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141123000308id_/http%3A//www.mufin.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - mufin GmbH

At mufin we take your privacy very seriously. As such, we want to provide you with detailed information on how we collect, gather, and identify information during your visit to our site. This information may be expanded or be updated as we change or develop our site. For this reason, we recommend that you review this policy from time-to-time to see if anything has changed. 

What information do we collect and do we use it?  
mufin collects information on our users in three ways: by voluntary submission through opt-in email and/or surveys and registrations; sweepstakes and/or contest entries; and through the use of cookies.  
The information mufin collects is used in a variety of ways: for internal review; to improve the content of the site, thus making your user experience more valuable; and to notify customers about updates to the service and products. In connection with the use of our newsletter, we are collecting data on whether you have opened it, which information you use from it, and which information you do not find interesting. This will enable us to fine-tune our future offers according to your wishes. From time to time we may share this information with other reputable organizations for marketing purposes or the information is used by mufin to contact consumers for its own marketing endeavours. As a valued consumer, we offer you the opportunity to "opt in", or agree, to accept these marketing opportunities. If at any time you change your mind and do not want mufin to share your email address or home address with other companies and/or organizations, or would simply like to be removed from the list, please let us know by emailing us at: info@mufin.com. 

Opt-in Email  
mufin provides for its users an "optional" email service that allows the user to request-through personal email-specific mufin information. At times we may request additional information for the purpose of improving this service or for facilitating the user's online experience. A user may request to be removed (or "opt-out") from this "opt-in" email at anytime by contacting us at: info@mufin.com. 

Sweepstakes/Contests  
From time-to-time mufin, along with other reputable companies, may provide sweepstakes or other contests for the enjoyment of our users. By participating in the contest or sweepstakes and answering any and all questions, the user understands that mufin and/or the involved company(s) may use information obtained for marketing purposes. Children under 18 may not participate in any sweepstakes or contest on mufin. 

Cookies  
mufin may automatically collect non-personal information and data through the use of "cookies." Cookies are small text files a Web site uses to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to the site and facilitate the use of the site. "Cookies" also allow a site to track usage behaviour and compile site usage information that will allow for the improvement of content and target advertising. 

Google Analytics  
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under [_this link_](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB).  
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at [_Google Terms_](http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html) or at [_Google Privacy Overview_](http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/privacyoverview.html). Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “gat._anonymizeIp();” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking). 

About children's privacy  
mufin is committed to the safety of our children. Children under 18 may not participate in any sweepstakes or contests on mufin. Also, we encourage children under the age of 18 to ask a parent for permission before providing or sending any information to anyone online. 

Your consent  
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by mufin. Once again, if you do not wish us to share this information with other reputable companies that we think you might be interested in, please let us know by emailing us at: info@mufin.com. 

Returns/refunds  
You may not send a product back without the authorization from mufin. mufin does not accept opened products unless authorized by mufin. mufin will not refund the shipping costs on Orders already shipped and refused by the customer. mufin will also charge a 15% restocking fee for such orders. mufin is not obligated to return unauthorized packages. Storage fee may apply. To receive a full credit on a cancelled order (minus the shipping costs), the order must be cancelled before it has been shipped. 

Content  
All rights reserved. The information on these web pages is provided by mufin and the owner of the products listed. mufin makes no representations or warranties regarding the accuracy of this information, nor the performance of the product or solution. Prices in the shopping area are subject of change. Please check the detailed summary before submitting the final order. 

Questions?  
We welcome your questions and/or comments. Please send all queries to: info@mufin.com. 
