> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tatasky.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180908012542id_/https%3A//www.tatasky.com/wps/portal/TataSky/footerpages/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Tata Sky DTH Privacy Policy, Digital TV, DTH India

Web Content Viewer (JSR 286)

## Tata Sky Limited - Privacy Policy

  1. **Tata Sky Services.** Tata Sky Services shall collectively mean Tata Sky Direct to Home (DTH) Services, Tata Sky Platform Services, Tata Sky Mobile app (‘Mobile App’) or Tata Sky More Services or Tata Sky Website [www.tatasky.com](https://www.tatasky.com/) or [watch.tatasky.com](https://www.tatasky.com/wps/portal/TataSky/footerpages/privacypolicy/!ut/p/a0/04_Sj9CPykssy0xPLMnMz0vMAfGjzOJ9_A0MjLwsDLz8DQJNDRyNjMzDAoP9jZ2DzfULsh0VAXHlxoA!/watch.tatasky.com) (‘Website’) or the self-care website [www.mytatasky.com](https://www.mytatasky.com/) (‘Self Care Website’) or the Tata Sky Digital Platforms including Social Media Platforms or any other services that Tata Sky may provide in future.
  2. **Purpose.** Tata Sky Limited (‘Tata Sky’) having its registered office at Unit 301 to 305, 3rd Floor, Windsor, Off C.S.T. Road, Kalina, Santacruz (East), Mumbai – 400 098 is committed to protecting any personal information that We may receive while You access the Tata Sky Services. In particular, We believe it is important for You to know how We treat information about You that We may receive from the Tata Sky Services accessed by You. This Privacy Policy is devised to help You feel more confident about the privacy and security of Your personal details. When You leave your contact details please note that We are not bound to reply. ‘You’ shall mean You, the User of the Tata Sky Services and ‘Yourself’ interpreted accordingly. ‘We’ / ‘Us’ means Tata Sky Limited and ‘Our’ interpreted accordingly. ‘Users’ means the Users of the Tata Sky Services collectively and/or individually as the context allows.
  3. **Eligibility.** Tata Sky Services is not intended for persons under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, and We do not knowingly market Our products or services to children.
  4. **The Information We Collect.** We receive both information that is directly provided to Us, such as personal information You provide when You visit the Tata Sky Services, and information that is passively or automatically collected from You, such as information collected from the browser or device You used to access Our Tata Sky Services or any of them. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to all this as the ‘User Information’. To explain further, 
    1. **Information You Provide To Us.** There are portions of Tata Sky Services where We may need to collect personal information from You for a specific purpose. For e.g. You can register, order services. In the course of these various offerings, We often seek to collect from You various forms of information, such as: name, address, e-mail address, telephonenumber,faxnumberandcreditcardinformation. Atsomeinstances,Youmay also be able to submit Information about other people. For example, You might submit a person's name and e-mail address to assist You to manage Your Subscription Account. This Information may include, for instance, a recipient's name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number.
    2. **Information That is Automatically Collected.** In general, You may visit some of our Tata Sky Services without telling Us who You are or revealing any information about Yourself. We, and Our third party service providers or other business associates or partners (collectively ‘Partners’) may use automated means to collect various types of Information about You, Your computer or other device used to access Tata Sky Services. A representative, non-exhaustive list of the types of automatically collected information may include: network or Internet protocol address and type of browser You are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system You are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), mobile network, device identifiers, device settings, browser settings, the web pages of the Website You have visited, Website visited before and after You visited our Website, the type of handheld or mobile device used to view or avail the Tata Sky Services (e.g., iOS, Android), location information, and the content and advertisements You have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked on. Please see our Section titled Cookies, for more information about how the foregoing Information may be collected and used.
  5. **How We may use the User Information.** By entering Your User Information, You accept that We may retain Your User Information, in India or outside India, and that it may be held by Us or any Partners that processes it, in India or outside India, on Our behalf. We, along with Our Partners, shall be entitled to Use Your User Information, in India or outside India, for any or all the following purposes: 
    1. provide and communicate with You about the services or Your Subscriber Account with us,
    2. fulfill your requests regarding the services, including without limitation respond to your inquiries, communicate with You about our products or services that We believe may be of interest to You,
    3. enforce the legal terms (including without limitation our policies and terms of service) that govern Your use of our Tata Sky Services, and/or for the purposes for which you provided the Information,
    4. provide support including without limitation technical support for the Tata Sky Services or in connection with Our Tata Sky Services and/or Offerings,
    5. prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including, without limitation, copyright infringement) on or through Our Tata Sky Services,
    6. protect the safety of our other subscribers or Users,
    7. In order to enable Us to comply with any requirements imposed on Us by law.
    8. perform analysis regarding how you use the Tata Sky Services or any part thereof such market research, including statistical analysis of User behaviour which We may disclose to third parties in depersonalised, aggregated form.
    9. In order to send You periodic communications (this may include e-mail), about features, products and services, events and special offers. Such communications from Us may include advertising for third party companies or organisations.
    10. In order to improve or customize our products, services offerings or the Tata Sky Services, target promotional communications, advertising and assess general effectiveness of such promotional communications and advertising. Such promotional communications and advertising may include advertising for third party individuals, company or organisation.
    11. administer and/or test the Tata Sky Services such as maintain databases; or otherwise support our Services.
  6. **Pixels, Cookies and Web Becons.** You should be aware that information and data may be automatically collected through the Use of Cookies or web beacons or similar tracking technologies. "Cookies" are text files placed in your computer browser that store basic information that a Tata Sky Services can use to recognise repeat site visits and as an example, recall Your name if this has been previously supplied. We may use this to understand Your service and/or internet usage, observe behaviour and compile aggregate data in order to improve or customize our products, services offerings or the Tata Sky Services, target the advertising and assess general effectiveness of such advertising. Cookies do not attach to Your system and damage Your files. If You do not want information collected through the Use of Cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows You to deny or accept the Cookie feature. Note, however, that "personalised" services may be affected if the cookie option is disabled.

For example, We may use Cookies to personalize Your experience at our Tata Sky Services (e.g., to recognize You by name when You return to Our Tata Sky Services), save your password in password-protected areas. We also may use Cookies or other tracking technologies to help Us offer You products, offerings or services that may be of interest to You when You visit Tata Sky Services. We or a third party platform with whom We work may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable You to receive customized offers, services on this Tata Sky Services. These Cookies contain no information intended to identify You personally. The Cookies may be associated with de-identified demographic or other data linked to or derived from data You voluntarily have submitted to Us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form.

We and our Partners may also use "web beacons" or clear GIFs, or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on Our Tata Sky Services or in an email, to monitor the behaviour and collect data about the visitors viewing Our Tata Sky Services or email. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that Tata Sky Services. Web beacons may also be used to provide information on the effectiveness of our email campaigns (e.g., open rates, clicks, forwards, etc.).

Third parties, including Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our websites and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. You can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting, and access a mechanism for exercising such choice by visiting <http://www.aboutads.info/choices> and <http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/>

  7. **Security and Data Storing.** Security is very important to Us. All security procedures are in place to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Your User Information. We maintain strict physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect Your User Information including your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. The User Information and/or Data may be stored in India and/or outside India or in physical form and/or electronic form and/or on cloud as deemed fit by Tata Sky.
  8. **Information Sharing and Disclosures.** We may share or disclose the User Information as follows: 
    1. To service providers or Partners that we have engaged to perform business-related functions on our behalf. This may include without limitation service providers or Partners that: (a) conduct research and analytics; (b) create content; (c) provide customer, technical or operational support; (d) conduct or support marketing (such as email or advertising platforms); (e) fulfill orders and user requests; (f) handle payments; (g) host our Services, forums and online communities; (h) administer the Tata Sky Services; (i) maintain databases; (j) otherwise support our Services and (i) testing of any or all Tata Sky Services.
    2. In response to regulatory and/or legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena, a law enforcement or quasi-judicial body or government agency's request or similar request from industry bodies.
    3. With third parties in order to investigate, prevent, or take action (in our sole discretion) regarding potentially illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to any person, us, or the Tata Sky Services, or violations of our policies, the law or our Terms of Use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Tata Sky Services.
    4. We may transfer some or all of User Information if We, or one of our business units, undergoes a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part of our assets, or if a substantial portion of our or of a business unit’s assets is sold or merged in this way.
    5. We may share the User Information with Our affiliates or group companies, so they can provide, improve and communicate with You about their own, or their marketing partners’ products and services.
    6. We reserve the right to disclose and/or transfer the User Information to our Partners in India or outside India. We will comply with all relevant Data Protection legislation in relation to the period for which We retain any User Information.
  9. **Linked Services.** Any or all Our Tata Sky Services may contain links to or integrations with other services and/or applications such as Google, Youtube, Netflix, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and other media services and platforms whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult these other services' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
  10. **Governing Law and Jurisdiction.** This Privacy Policy is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of India. If any of the parties wish to seek legal recourse, they may do so by using the sole and exclusive courts in New Delhi.
  11. **Updates.** We may change this privacy policy from time to time and You should check these regularly. Your use of the Website will be deemed an acceptance of the privacy policy existing at that time.



\- As on March 19, 2018
