> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tatapower.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161102143354id_/http%3A//www.tatapower.com/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Tata Power :: Privacy Policy

TATA POWER is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet. We believe it is important you know how we treat the information about you, we receive from you, on the Internet.

In general, you can visit TATA POWER on the World Wide Web without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our Web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. TATA POWER uses this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site. Your accessing our site signifies your unconditional consent to allow the collection of your domain names.

There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name and address. When information is needed, we will try (but are not obligated) to let you know at the time of collection, how we will use the personal information. Usually, the personal information we collect is used only by us to respond to your inquiry, process an order or allow you to access specific account information. Occasionally, we may make the e-mail addresses, of those who provide information, available to other reputable organisations whose products or services we think you may find interesting. In these cases, you will be offered an opportunity to limit access to your information. In case we do not receive any response from you to limit the access of your information, it shall be deemed that you consent to such distribution of your information as mentioned above.

If you register with one of TATA POWER's website, they may use this information to provide you with customer information about TATA POWER's offering in support of your needs. A technology called cookies may be used to provide you with tailored information. A cookie is a tiny element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognise you when you return. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Registering with any TATA POWER website online signifies your unconditional consent to receive such cookies.

At times we conduct on-line surveys to better understand the needs and profile of our visitors. When we conduct a survey, we will try (but are not obligated) to let you know how we will use the information at the time we collect information from you on the Internet. 

You recognise and understand that there is no compulsion on you to provide us with your personal information and any and all personal information provided by you to us is with your full consent, own wish and desire to provide such personal information. You also understand that we are under no obligation to verify the source from which the personal information about you is provided to us, and they are deemed to be provided by you, unless you demonstrate to us within a period of fifteen (15) days from the date of providing of such information to us, to our satisfaction, that the information was provided to us without your free consent. 

TATA POWER's Web site may contain links to other sites such as TATA POWER partners and affiliates. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites.
