> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the toon-party.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170624103854id_/http%3A//www.toon-party.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**

Gomeisa LP, associated companies and affiliated companies hereinafter to be collectively referred to as "the Company" through its websites hereinafter to be collectively called "the Websites" is committed to providing a secure experience and safeguarding your personal information. This Privacy Policy was created to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Websites. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time, and will post any new privacy policy here. By using or navigating around the Websites or utilizing any of the services we provide there, you acknowledge that you have read and understand and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to be so bound, do not remain on this website.   
The users of the Websites might be required to provide the following information in order to get access to the contents of these Websites. The section below describes the way such information is used by the Company. 

_Contact Information._ Some areas of our Websites request or require you to provide your contact information (such as your name, postal address and email address). Your contact information may be used to communicate with you when necessary with respect to transactions conducted through the Websites and material changes in the Websites' policies. We may also send you information about the Websites and/or promotional materials from the Websites and some of our partners. We will not sell, share or rent any contact information collected from you except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. All contact information provided to the Websites is maintained on our secure servers. 

_Financial Information._ The Company or the third party billing companies acting as our authorized resellers collect financial information (such as your credit card information) on an as-needed basis to bill you for products and services you purchase through the Websites and to fulfill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the contact information discussed above will be used to get in touch with you. We will not sell, share or rent any financial information collected from you except as necessary to fulfill your order. All financial information provided to the Websites is maintained on our secure servers and similar rules are applied to our third party authorized resellers. 

_Internet Protocol Address._ We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Websites. We use your IP address for purposes of traffic analysis. 

_Cookies._ The Websites use "cookie" technology to enhance your online experience by making it easier for you to navigate through our Websites or to make their features work better. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing them and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. We do not extract information about individual users or their computers during this process. It is not necessary to accept a cookie to navigate the Websites, but you must accept a cookie in order to purchase access to the Websites. 

_Consumer Research._ We may monitor your use of the Websites (such as your session time and clickstream data), and use or disclose any such information gathered as part of our evaluation and operation of the Websites and the services we make available. We may develop and use, in our sole discretion, consumer research which may be based on your use of such services. All marketing information shall be subject, in all cases, to compliance with the applicable rules and regulations of the relevant laws and regulations, as the same may be amended from time to time. No personally identifiable information will be shared or is linked to consumer research. 

_Security._ We are committed to maintaining the security of your personally identifiable information and have measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All credit transactions occur in secure areas of the Websites using Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") software to process orders. SSL encrypts the information you input on the Websites. In addition, all user information is stored in a secure location behind a firewall with limited administrative access. 

_Public Communication._ The Websites make available chat rooms, comments forms, message boards, and/or news groups to our users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. 

_Third Party Links._ The Websites contain links to other external websites and resources. Selection of an ad banner or link will redirect you off of the Websites to a third party website. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites. You should make sure that you read and understand the privacy policies of these sites and direct any concerns regarding any external link to the site administrator of that third party website. 

_Other._ We may disclose your personal information in special cases if required to do so by law, court order or other government or law enforcement authority; or when we believe in good faith that disclosing this information is otherwise necessary or advisable, including, for instance, to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with the rights or property of the Company, another user or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. 
