> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tooshocking.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181214142234id_/http%3A//www.tooshocking.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Blogs - TooShocking.com - Viral Media Since 1999

THIS DOCUMENT SETS FORTH THE PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE CRATE NETWORK, LLC ("TOOSHOCKING.COM") WEBSITE WWW.TOOSHOCKING.COM ("SITE"). TOOSHOCKING.COM VALUES THE PROTECTION OF INDIVIDUAL PRIVACY AND IS COMMITTED TO THE PRIVACY OF ITS VISITORS. THIS PRIVACY POLICY SETS FORTH TOOSHOCKING.COM 'S PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE SITE, AND GOVERNS THE MANNER IN WHICH TOOSHOCKING.COM COLLECTS, USES, MAINTAINS AND DISCLOSES INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM USERS OF THE SITE. BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THE SITE IN ANY MANNER. THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT GOVERN PRIVACY PRACTICES ASSOCIATED WITH OFFLINE ACTIVITIES OR ACTIVITIES OCCURRING ON WEBSITES NOT UNDER TOOSHOCKING.COM'S CONTROL.

## The Information Tooshocking.com Collects

**Personally Identifiable Information.** During your interactions with the Site, such as when you register with the Site, tooshocking.com may wish to collect information that personally identifies who you are, such as your name, address, email address and/or telephone number.

**Anonymous Information.** tooshocking.com may collect non-personally-identifiable information during your visit. Examples of non-personally-identifiable information may include your Internet access provider, your computer's Internet protocol (IP) address, information regarding your user profile, your browser and operating system, the date and time of your visit, the pages you visit, the address of any Site you linked from, and aggregate, statistical data such as usage, traffic patterns and user demographics based on your use of the Site. tooshocking.com collects non-personally-identifiable information in order to, among other things, provide you with or assist in the provision of information through the Site, to maintain the performance of the Site, and to make the Site more useful. tooshocking.com may also share this non-personally-identifiable information in aggregated form with third parties so that these third parties may provide you with more relevant services and advertisements.

## Parental Consent

In the event you are under the age of 13, we will notify your parent or guardian before we collect any personally identifiable information and require that your parent or guardian affirmatively consent to such collection (as well as our use and/or disclosure of such information) in advance.

## Tooshocking.com's Use and Disclosure of Collected Information

**Personally Identifiable Information Use.** tooshocking.com may collect personally identifiable information in order to, among other things, provide you with the information and/or services that you have requested through the Site. tooshocking.com retains such personally identifiable information only for as long as is necessary depending on the reason for your submission of such personally identifiable information, and collects no more personally identifiable information than is reasonably necessary to provide you with the services for which such information is collected.

**Personally Identifiable Information Disclosure.** tooshocking.com takes your privacy very seriously. tooshocking.com does not sell or otherwise disclose any personally identifiable information to any third parties other than: (i) as required by law; (ii) in the event of a sale, merger, public offering, bankruptcy or other change in control of tooshocking.com and/or the Site; or (iii) with your affirmative consent at the time you provide such information. While collecting personally identifiable information from Site users age 13 or older, tooshocking.com may ask whether you would like to "opt in" and allow disclosure of your personally identifiable information by tooshocking.com to certain specifically identified third party partners of tooshocking.com (collectively, "Partners"). In the event you opt in and allow such disclosure, your personally identifiable information will only be disclosed to the previously identified Partner(s).

**Opting In Through Other Venues.** Please be advised that if you provide consent and allow tooshocking.com to disclose your personally identifiable information through one tooshocking.com venue (such as the Site), you will be deemed to have "opted in" through all tooshocking.com venues.

**Disclosure to Agents of tooshocking.com.** From time to time, tooshocking.com may share the information you provide to tooshocking.com, including personally identifiable information, with outside contractors, auditors, consultants, or others hired by tooshocking.com to assist in providing financial or operational activities on tooshocking.com's behalf including technical and processing services and analysis of website performance. tooshocking.com informs these parties about safeguarding personally identifiable information, and requires them to use such personally identifiable information only for an authorized purpose on behalf of tooshocking.com and consistent with this Privacy Policy.

## Electronically Produced Data

**Cookies.** Tooshocking.com, like most standard website servers, may use cookies and other tools to collect information about how you use the Site. A cookie is a small, unique text file that a website can send to your computer hard drive when you visit a site. tooshocking.com may use "session cookies", which terminate when a user closes his or her browser, and/or "persistent cookies", which remain on the user's computer until manually deleted. Most web browsers can either alert you to the use of cookies or refuse to accept cookies entirely. If you do not want tooshocking.com to deploy cookies in your browser, you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer. Rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use the Site.

**Action Tags.** Like most standard website servers, tooshocking.com may employ a software technology called action tags (also known as "web beacons", "single pixel gifs", "clear gifs" or "web bugs"), which collect information and help to manage cookies, in order to gather information about Site usage. Action tags help tooshocking.com identify and track the performance of web pages on the Site, therefore allowing tooshocking.com to measure the performance and quality of the Site and to manage Site content. In addition, tooshocking.com may use action tags in emails. This allows tooshocking.com to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications by showing, for example, how many emails have been opened.

**IP Addresses.** An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. Like most standard website servers, tooshocking.com collects IP addresses and other technical information about your machine through your web browser such as your operating system, browser type and referring URL for the purposes of, among other things, system administration and to ensure the validity of user requests.

**Log Files.** Like most standard website servers, tooshocking.com gathers certain information automatically and store it in log files, which contain information such as, among other things, IP addresses, browser type, operating system, ISP, date/time stamps and referring pages. Among other things, this information allows tooshocking.com to track statistics and trends on an aggregate basis.

## Maintenance of Information and Security

Tooshocking.com maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of any personally identifiable information that you disclose to tooshocking.com. tooshocking.com utilizes what tooshocking.com believes to be industry standard security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of personally identifiable information under tooshocking.com's control, and tooshocking.com limits access to your personally identifiable information within tooshocking.com to those employees who need to know the personally identifiable information to provide information, services and/or products to you. However, due to the nature of the Internet, computer networks, systems and other factors, no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of tooshocking.com to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully, regardless of tooshocking.com's best intentions. As such, tooshocking.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to tooshocking.com, including without limitation personally identifiable information.

## Review or Correction of Person Information

An adult may review, request corrections, ask that we delete, or refuse further collection or use of the personally identifiable information tooshocking.com collects from such adult or the child or children for which such adult is the legal guardian. Such adult may do this by contacting tooshocking.com using the contact information provided at the end of this document. In the event tooshocking.com changes this Privacy Policy to allow disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties, such adults will have the option to agree to the collection and use of such child and/or adult information without having to consent to the disclosure of such personally identifiable information to third parties.

## Other Information

**Consent to Receive Notices Via the Site.** By submitting any personally identifiable information to the Site (and, for parents or guardians of children under the age of 13, submitting a consent to tooshocking.com), you are agreeing that tooshocking.com may deliver all privacy and opt out notices to you electronically, including via email to the most recent email address you have provided to tooshocking.com, or via posting on the Site.

**Links.** The Site may contain links to third party sites at which your personally identifiable information is collected and used. Your visit to any third party website is governed by the privacy and other policies applicable to that site. tooshocking.com cannot control nor is it responsible for any such third party collection or use of your personally identifiable information or the content or policies of such sites, and tooshocking.com expressly disclaims any liability related to such sites.

**Web Logs and Other Forums.** The Site may offer web logs, web postings, bulletin boards, chat rooms, newsgroups or other forums which permit users to interact online. Any information you transmit online in such forums will be made public and tooshocking.com cannot control nor is it responsible for the use any third party may make of such information.

**Privacy Policy Changes.** tooshocking.com reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time at its sole discretion. All Privacy Policy changes will be posted on the Site and are effective immediately upon posting. Consequently, you are advised to visit and review this Privacy Policy frequently. The last date on which this Privacy Policy has been updated is noted below.

**Limitation of Liability.** YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER PRIVACY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND tooshocking.com'S TERMS OF USE (INCLUDING ANY LIMITATIONS ON DAMAGES CONTAINED THEREIN).

## Opt Out

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit - http://www.networkad...ng/opt_out.asp.

## Tooshocking.com Contact Information

If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, or wish to review or revise any personally identifiable information as provided herein, please email tooshocking.com at business@cratenetwork.com.
