> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jms2win.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-03-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090317171448id_/http%3A//www.jms2win.com/privacy-policy%3Fd5eb447ae42472130fc888675be9d287%3D6c8276f4b52a8cf64e5792d82981b90e) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy

In principle, you can use this site without having to disclose your personal data. However, to access certain parts or features of the site you are invited to submit certain information. Some may be mandatory and if you do not communicate, you can not use these parties or functions.   
The personal data such as your name, date of birth, address, phone number, e-mail and others that you provide through this site are included in our files from our hosts or on the premises of our society .   
Your data are processed by our company under the management of the service, market research and to carry out promotional campaigns and customized information about our products and services and products and services our society. If you do not want to receive such information, you can let us know by e-mail, by fax at +32 (0) 65 84 12 97 or by mail. You have the right to consult, adapt and remove your personal data present in our files. You can exercise this right at any time via the maintenance option in the menu "member area". This option gives you direct access to your data.   
Using your e-mail or mobile phone number to send text messages or to send information about our products / services and our promotions are made that if you gave us your agreement when the communication of your information.   
Your data may also be used to tailor our sites.   
Our company can share data with other corporate partners to improve our services and products.   
In case of refusal on your part, you can let us know by e-mail, fax or mail.   
Our company takes all reasonable steps to protect your data against theft, loss and use or unauthorized access by third parties.   
You certify that the data you've sent you belong and are correct and complete. In case of communication of false identities, incomplete or inaccurate data or data belonging to third parties who do not have permission to use them, our society can temporarily or permanently prohibit access full or partial Site.   
Our society is in no way responsible for the use of your data by third parties. The Site may contain links to external sites or advertisements advertisers third carrying a collection of your personal data. This collection and processing of data made others do not fall under our responsibility.   
This site uses cookies. These are small files sent by the server hosting the website on the hard drive of your computer at the time of consulting website in question. The code included in the cookie makes it possible to recognize the PC during a subsequent visit and accelerating navigation on the Website. Cookies are used to save your language preferences, so that the website will appear immediately, during your next visit, in the language of your choice. Les cookies ne comprennent pas d’informations personnelles identifiables. The cookies do not contain personally identifiable information. It is therefore not possible to identify a person through its cookies. If you do not want cookies, you can configure your browser so that the refuse.   
Our company records information about the connection when you are connected to our site. This information includes your IP address, time to visit the website, the type of browser you use and the pages you visit. They are used to compile statistics and to improve the quality of our website and our service on the basis of analysis of your usage patterns. Our company could be required to transmit this information to the competent judicial bodies at their request or under its obligation to report any illegal content the prosecutor. Where appropriate, judicial authorities can identify you based on your IP address through your Internet service provider.

If there is a problem of translation of this document, only the French version will be considered valid. All other translations are provided as a courtesy and to facilitate communication with users  
  
Last Updated on Wednesday, 10 September 2008 23:08 
