> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the labelsfashion.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-01-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190119161012id_/https%3A//labelsfashion.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | LABELS

###  Your privacy matters to us

The protection of your personal privacy is one of our highest priorities. In the following, we will provide you with detailed information on how we handle your data.

###  Collection, processing and use of personal data

You can visit our site without providing any personal details. Even when you visit us via newsletter links, we only store access data without any personal references such as:

  * the name of your Internet service provider
  * the site from which you visited us
  * the name of the requested file



This data is analyzed solely for the purpose of improving our services and does not allow any conclusion as to your identity.

We collect, store and process your data for the purpose of processing your order and for the possible subsequent processing of a warranty, as well as for promotional purposes.

Personal data is collected if you notify us that you are willing for it to be collected during your order, when opening a customer account or when you register for the Newsletter. We pass on your personal data to service providers used by us to assist in fulfilling your order (haulage contractors, logistics experts, payment providers).

###  Email Marketing

If you have subscribed separately for the Newsletter, your e-mail address will be used by our company for promotion purposes, until you unsubscribe. It is possible to cancel your registration at any time, without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs at your access provider's basic rates.

If you subscribe to our newsletter we will require you to confirm this subscription by clicking a confirmation link, after which your subscription is acknowledged (double opt-in). You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking a link at the bottom of an email campaign.  
We will delete all customer data of unconfirmed or unsubscribed subscriptions after keeping them for one month in retention.

###  Data Security

During the ordering process your payment data is transferred in encrypted form over the Internet. By means of technical and organisational procedures we secure our website and other systems against loss, destruction, amendment and dissemination of your data by unauthorised third parties. You should always keep your access data secret and close the browser window once you have ended your communication with us, in particular if you use your computer jointly with other users.

###  Data privacy contact person

If you have any queries about the collection, processing or use of your personal data, would like information about your data, wish for your data to be corrected , blocked or deleted, or if you wish to revoke any consent granted to us, please contact our Data Protection Officer:

Labels BV  
Mr Karl Dreissen

Putstraat 10-12  
6131HL Sittard  
The Netherlands  
T: +31 (0)46 - 888 1237

###  Data encryption

One of our highest priorities at Labels is the protection of personal data. Labels BV is committed to always to handling your personal data in accordance with the provisions of European Data Protection Law (GDPR).

Thanks to modern SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption technology, your personal data from the order form, such as name, address etc. can be stored safely on our secure server.

SSL encryption is one of the safest and most modern processes anywhere on the Web and therefore meets the highest security requirements, such as in the case of online banking.SSL offers triple protection:

  * your data is transferred in an encrypted form;
  * the form can only be returned to the server it was opened from;
  * checks are carried out to ensure that the data reaches the recipient complete and without alteration.



  
Your data is therefore kept secure from access by outsiders. This is how you can be sure that your data is safe with us:

  * with the locked key symbol in the browser bar
  * with the additional "s" (for secure) at the start of the URL (address) in https://



  
With SSL our website offers the best possible protection from all types of access to your personal data. Click on the certificate logo, to see the validity of the security certificate for yourself.

###  Use of Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses what are known as cookies; text files, which are stored on your computer and facilitate the analysis of your use of this website. The data generated by the cookie concerning your use of this website is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. In the event that IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will, however, within European Union Member States or in other states which are contracting parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area, be compressed by Google prior to this. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and compressed there.

Google will use this data on behalf of the operator of this website to assess your use of the website, to collate reports on website activity and to perform further services connected to the use of the website and of the Internet with regard to the website operator. The IP address transmitted from your browser for the purposes of Google Analytics will not be merged by Google with any other data.

Your browser settings allow you to prevent the use of cookies, however, we would advise you that this could result in your being unable to access the range of functions on this website in full. In addition, you can prevent Google from logging the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de

We use Google Analytics with the extension, _anonymizeIp(). This compresses the IP addresses collected by Google. These procedures are intended to prevent the merging of Google IP addresses with personal data.
