> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wahoofitness.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122161509id_/http%3A//www.wahoofitness.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

The website www.wahoofitness.com. is provided by Wahoo Fitness LLC, through its offices in the United States. Wahoo Fitness recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of personal and financial information. We have instituted strict policies and security measures to protect your information. When you register online with Wahoo Fitness or use our online store, you give us your consent to process and use your personal data in accordance with this online privacy policy. This Privacy Policy applies to all users of this website. 

 **What Information Wahoo Fitness Collects?**  
Wahoo Fitness ® collects personal data from visitors to the website who register their information or who use the online store, including addresses, telephone numbers and credit card information. Information is also collected from customers who place telephone orders or who make in-store purchases. We also use cookies (see more below) and track IP addresses so we can improve our services and enhance your Wahoo Fitness shopping experience. No one under the age of 18 should submit any personal information to this website without the consent of a parent of guardian.

 **How Wahoo Fitness Uses the Information you Provide?  **  
If you give us your personal information, we will use this information to register you with our website, to administer our website services, and/or to process any orders you may place online. When you place an order, make a purchase or save your information online, we will use your e-mail and postal address to send you information about our products, services, and promotions and to help us learn more about your shopping preferences but only if you give us your permission. From time to time, we may use this information to contact you via e-mail, postal mail, or telephone to learn more about your shopping preferences. You always have the choice not to receive marketing information or calls. We may contact you, subject to the choices you have made, via e-mail, postal mail, or telephone, to conduct market research and learn more about how we can improve our product offerings. To serve you better, we may combine information you give us and information about your product interest and purchases with information from third parties, including demographic information and information that is publicly available. We may also combine this information with information from our affiliates. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, and to communicate with you in accordance with this policy. 

 **Does Wahoo Fitness Share your Information with Others?  **  
Wahoo Fitness ® does not sell, rent or disclose our client's names, addresses, e-mail addresses or other personal information to any non-affiliated entity. As necessary, your personal information may be processed by these third parties, solely for the purpose of assisting Wahoo Fitness in these endeavors and subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations. We do not otherwise disclose your information to third parties, unless required by law or in connection with a legal claim or proceeding. In the unlikely event of a sale of some or all of our business, Wahoo Fitness ® will disclose your personal information to a purchaser that agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. 

 **Security  **  
Wahoo Fitness ® uses appropriate security measures to protect the information you give us. However, while we take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information, you accept that no Internet data transmission can be guaranteed to be secure from access by unintended recipients and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence. 

 **About Cookies  **  
Cookies are pieces of information a web site can send to your computer's browser for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies to ascertain which web pages are visited and how often, to make our web site more user friendly, and to give you a better experience when you return to the website. For example, cookies allow us to save your password so you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you do not have to accept them. To disable cookies, you should access the "help" tab on your browser or read the information that came with your browser software. However, your visit to our website will be significantly enhanced if cookies are not disabled. 

 **Acceptance of Privacy Policy and Modifications  **  
By accessing and using the Wahoo Fitness site, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your information as described in this privacy policy. Wahoo Fitness ® reserves the right occasionally to make changes to its privacy policy or practices. You should therefore review this page from time to time to get updated information including in particular, each time you use the online shop. We will notify you of any changes in our privacy policy by posting the modifications on our website. 

 **How do I Make Choices about Receiving Promotional Communications?  **  
Wahoo Fitness ® would like to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you are registered with us and would like to delete or update your registration and personal details from our database, please click on this unsubscribe link. If you prefer not to receive promotional information from us or our affiliated brands, or if you do not want us to use your information to enhance your shopping experience, please let us know by writing to us or by sending us an e-mail. Please be sure to include your full name and the e-mail address you used when you registered or made a purchase from us. If you ask us to remove your name and address from promotional lists, we will maintain your name in a "do not contact" file to ensure that we can honor your request. It may take up to 10 days to process your e-mail request, and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request, during which period you may continue to receive communications from Wahoo Fitness ®. Please also note that your on-line purchase will be confirmed through e-mail. In addition, we may also need to contact you via phone, e-mail or postal mail with other questions regarding your order. 

 **Contact Us  **  
If you have any comments or queries regarding our privacy policy, please send an e-mail to [support@wahoofitness.com](mailto:support@wahoofitness.com).
