> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tylertech.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180831125905id_/https%3A//www.tylertech.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Public Sector Software Solutions & Services | Tyler Technologies

TYLERTECH.COM PRIVACY STATEMENT Tyler Technologies, Inc. (“Tyler”) wants you to benefit from the information and services available on our website – www.tylertech.com (the “Site”) – secure in the knowledge that we have implemented fair and transparent information policies and practices designed to protect your privacy. This Privacy Statement describes our policies and practices regarding our collection and use of personal data about users of the Site and sets forth your privacy rights. This Privacy Statement does not apply to information we collect through other means, including offline or via any other website used or operated by Tyler or a third party. We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time as we adopt new privacy policies or change our personal data practices. WHO WE ARE Tyler’s corporate headquarters is located in Texas, in the United States. Our full contact information is provided at the end of this Privacy Statement. We have an in-house team of security professionals staffed across the United States. Tyler’s Security Officer is Peter Higgins, located in our Yarmouth, Maine office in the United States. If you have questions or concerns regarding Tyler’s data policies or practices, you may contact Peter and the rest of the security team by emailing helpdesk@tylertech.com or by calling 1-888-55TYLER. Regular mail may be sent to the attention of Tyler Information Security, One Tyler Drive, Yarmouth, Maine 04096. WHY WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA Tyler collects personal data about users of the Site to personalize and continually improve your experience on our Site and provide you and users like you with information about our products and services, including by: - providing you with information or services you request, including newsletters and notifications; - providing you with information and suggesting products or services that match your interests and other criteria you have identified, or that we otherwise believe may be of interest to you; - improving our products, services, and operations; - providing you and others with advertising, including advertising based on your activity on the Site or activity on third-party sites and applications, such as social media platforms; and - performing statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Site and their behavioral patterns. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION The information we collect about our Site users comes to us in several different ways – Information you provide to us: When you submit a contact form on the Site, or post comments or questions on one of our online forums, you may choose to disclose information about you, including your name, physical address, email address, phone number, and date of birth, along with information regarding your preferences and interests. Information that is automatically collected: Like many websites, we use web analytics tools that rely on cookies, web beacons, and other automated tracking technologies (“Tracking Tools”) to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Site, improve the Site, personalize your Site experience, provide you with information we believe may be of interest to you, and identify others like you who may be interested in our products and services. The information we collect automatically includes information about your computer and internet connection (including your IP address, operating system, and browser type) and details regarding your visits to our Site (including your browsing actions and patterns and information about any referring website, search engine, social media platform, or link). We do not use Tracking Tools to collect personally identifiable information (except to the extent you have provided such information to third parties, such as social media platforms – see section below titled “Information from Third Parties”), but we tie information that we gather using Tracking Tools to your personally identifiable information. Third Party Tracking Tools; Google Analytics The Tracking Tools we use include services we obtain from third parties. The information generated by these analytics services will be transmitted to and stored by the third parties and will be subject to their privacy policies. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies, how they may be used, or the information they may collect, and we are not responsible for these third parties’ privacy policies. One of the third-party Tracking Tools we use is Google Analytics. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies, which can be viewed by clicking here (“Welcome to the Google Privacy Statement”). To learn more about Google’s partner services and to learn how to opt out of tracking of analytics by Google, click here (“How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”). We do not respond to a user’s “Do Not Track” browser, given that we cannot control the DNT handling of third parties interacting with our site, such as Google Analytics. Cookies and Web Beacons The Tracking Tools we use rely on cookies and web beacons: - Cookies. A cookie is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain websites. Cookies are used to collect and store information, such as the type of computer you are using and how often you log on to a site. Our Site uses both “session cookies,” to improve your navigation across the Site and to remember you over the course of a single visit, and “persistent cookies,” which are stored on your computer until they expire or are deleted and help us provide better service to you over multiple visits to the Site. You can always delete or disable cookies through your browser. If you disable cookies, you may not be able to sign in or take advantage of certain features of the Site that require cookies. - Web Beacons. In addition to cookies, we deliver “web beacons” through our Site and through emails we send you. Web beacons are small graphic images that may not be visible to Site visitors that collect information about Site usage on an anonymous basis. In some cases, anonymous data may be transmitted to third-party advertising networks. We use web beacons for our own internal analytics, to better understand the ways users interact with our website, and to determine whether a particular email was received and opened. We also use web beacons in connection with our marketing efforts. For example, web beacons allow third-party advertising networks to detect when a user has visited Tyler’s website, and then serve them ads for Tyler’s products and services when they browse to another site. Information from third parties and other sources: We supplement the information we collect through the Site with information from third parties (including our advertising partners and other service providers) and information we collect through other means, such as offline or through other websites. This information includes social media profile information, depending on the settings you have established for your social media accounts. WHEN AND HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH OTHERS Except as described in this Privacy Statement, Tyler will not share your personal data with third parties, rent or sell its mailing list, or share your personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Service Providers: We have service providers that perform functions on our behalf, including hosting, content management, customer relationship management, social media integration, marketing, analytics, billing, and customer service. These entities may have access to personal data if necessary or useful to performance of their functions. If obtaining such access, these third parties will be subject to confidentiality and security obligations with respect to such data. Partners: Tyler may share information about you with our partner organizations in order to provide you with information and services that you have requested or that we believe may be of interest to you. Law Enforcement / Protection: Tyler reserves the right to share information about you where Tyler believes that such disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal requirement, such as a subpoena or court order, or to protect the rights or property of Tyler, you, or third parties. Consent: Tyler may share your information in any other manner to which you consent. PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION Tyler makes reasonable efforts to guard your personal data against accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. We restrict access to your personal data to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services to you. In addition, we train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information. We commit to taking appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce our employees’ privacy responsibilities. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we take measures to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its security. Any transmission of personal information to or using our Site is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site. The safety and security of information also depends on you. If we have provided you with (or you have chosen) a username and password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping such information confidential. Please do not share your username and password with anyone. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR PERSONAL DATA Our Site allows you to submit information to us through the Site, including personal information, such as your email address. You may update or correct, or request to delete, this information at any time to ensure its continued accuracy by emailing webadmin@tylertech.com. Additionally, Tyler provides you choices regarding the way we use the personal data you have provided us. For example, you may sign up to receive newsletters or email notifications regarding particular products or services. You may opt out of receiving these communications at any time, by contacting us at webadmin@tylertech.com or by selecting the opt out option provided in the body of the communication. TRANSFERRING PERSONAL DATA TO THE UNITED STATES Tyler is located in the United States. Please be aware that any information you provide to us may be transferred to and processed in the United States and may be subject to United States law. The privacy and data protection laws in the United States may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence. The United States has not sought nor received a finding of “adequacy” from the European Union under Article 45 of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Tyler relies on derogations for specific situations as set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR. In particular, Tyler collects and transfers to the U.S. personal data only: with your consent; to perform a contract with you; or to fulfill a compelling legitimate interest of Tyler in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and freedoms. Tyler endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with Tyler and the practices described in this Privacy Statement. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY Our Site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. LINKS This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected by this Site and not to other websites that you may link to from here. Tyler is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. Please be aware that when you leave this Site, you should read the privacy policies of other websites that ask you to provide personal data. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES Any changes to this Privacy Statement will be posted on this Site. Any information that we collect from you will be used in accordance with the version of this Privacy Statement in effect at the time that the information was collected, unless we receive your consent to change our practices with respect to previously collected information. For further information or comments on our Privacy Statement, please contact our security officer at helpdesk@tylertech.com, or contact Tyler at the following address: Tyler Technologies, Inc. One Tyler Drive Yarmouth, ME 04096 Phone: 1-888-55TYLER EFFECTIVE: May 25, 2018
