> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the p337.info privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180830041512id_/http%3A//p337.info/main/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# P337

##  What data is being collected and by who? 

My website is and hand coded by myself, I collect 2 pieces of information on visting my pages: 

\- IP address: which is used to identify the connection you use to access my site  
\- Referrer URL: which tells me how you found your way to my site (if available)

This information is only kept for 7 days - deleted without backup - and is used for engagement and abuse detection purposes,   
IP address is stored un-masked so I can determine who is potentially abusing my website and block their access if necessary, 

Details such as name, address and telephone number are not requested for input anywhere on my website

I am also partnered with Google Adsense, who use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to this websites, and any other participating websites.   
Any potential third party advertisers who serve ads through this platform can collect information in ways in which I cannot control such as storing previous browsing history and creating personal profiles based on your website history. 

##  What is my reason for processing this data? 

The reason I collect data is to monitor where and how my website is being accessed, while my website is incredibly streamlined and almost all text based HTML pages, there are some people who feel the need to attempt various malicious attacks. While these attacks have little to no effect on my site, I choose to block these offenders regardless to ensure a seamless experience for others visiting. Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. 

##  Will the data be shared with any third parties? 

No data collected by myself will ever be shared with any third parties unless there is a regulatory requirement to do so. Keeping in mind that data is automatically deleted once it is 7 days old. Advertisers may collect additional data through personalized advertisements served on this site, this information – such as previously visited websites - is not collected by me and may be shared from those third parties with other third parties. 

##  How long will the data be stored for? 

All data collected by me is stored for 7 days and deleted, there are no backups of this data. I do not have visibility on the data that third party advertisers collect or how long they store such data 

##  How can the data subject raise a complaint? 

If you have any concerns you can contact me through any of the methods on my contact page 
