> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the freeadvertisingnetwork.org privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122050638id_/http%3A//www.freeadvertisingnetwork.org/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Free Advertising - 100% Free Web, Mobile and Email Advertising

### Privacy Policy

This privacy policy explains what information is collected when you use the Web sites, applications, content and services of FreeAdvertisingNetwork.com and its affiliated properties, why this information is collected, and how we use it to improve your experience. 

### Generally

FreeAdvertisingNetwork is provided by FreeAdvertisingNetwork, LLC and its affiliates (“we” or “us”). Your FreeAdvertisingNetwork information consists of personally identifiable information collected or received about you when you make purchases from us, when you register with us, when you set up profiles to share with others, when you interact with other users on FreeAdvertisingNetwork, or when you log in to FreeAdvertisingNetwork as a registered user and interact with FreeAdvertisingNetwork products and services. Your FreeAdvertisingNetwork information may include (a) registration-related information (such as name, address, telephone and fax numbers, email address); (b) member profile about yourself that you can share with others; (c) a profile on your business or your profession that you desire to share with others, (d) transaction-related information (such as credit card or other preferred means of payment, or a history of products purchased through us); (e) information about your visits to FreeAdvertisingNetwork or our other web sites, pages and services; (f) your responses to our offerings and advertisements; (g) information about the features or offerings you use from us; (h) your billing and shipping information; (i) customer service information; and (j) other information specifically related to your use of a particular FreeAdvertisingNetwork feature or offering. 

### Your Profile

When you register with us, sign up for an application or service, become a member of a company profile or make recommendations on the service, we use certain information we collect from you (your name, business, and location of your business) to set up a profile on your behalf to share with others, and which information will be available by search to help you promote your business or profession. After you register with FreeAdvertisingNetwork, you may provide additional member information about yourself (member profile, company profile) and add company profile information about your business in the My Profile area on FreeAdvertisingNetwork. Such member and company profiles could include, at your option, a description of your skills or products, experience, education and membership in organizations. Also in the My Profile area, you can control what information you want to share with others. 

### Your Ads

When you register and create your ads, you agree to allow FreeAdvertisingNetwork to distribute that ad to many sites on our network. Any ads that we find using improper language or content will be deleted without previous warning. 

### You Consent to our Collection of Information

By providing information to us for the purposes of creating your FreeAdvertisingNetwork account, interacting with FreeAdvertisingNetwork?s services and features, or adding any additional details to your profile, you understand and agree that we may process information about you and make information about you available to others. In addition, if you post any information about yourself on areas of FreeAdvertisingNetwork that are publicly accessible, such as message boards or forums, you understand and agree that such information will be available to others. How FreeAdvertisingNetwork Information Is Used Your FreeAdvertisingNetwork information is used to operate and improve the features, offerings and content presented to you by us; to personalize the content and advertisements provided to you; to fulfill your requests for products, programs, and services; to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries; to conduct research about your use of our products; to share information about you and your business; to communicate with other users and business contacts; and, to help offer you other products, programs, or services that may be of interest or relevance to you. Your FreeAdvertisingNetwork information will not be shared with third parties for marketing purposes unless it is necessary to fulfill a transaction you have requested, or in other circumstances in which you have given your consent to the sharing of your FreeAdvertisingNetwork information to affiliates, partners, agents or other parties whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you. Since FreeAdvertisingNetwork is designed to help advertise your business, FreeAdvertisingNetwork is designed so that certain information about you and your business is available to others on FreeAdvertisingNetwork and via search engines, including, your name, and location of your business. The contents of your online communications, as well as other information about you as a FreeAdvertisingNetwork user, may be accessed and disclosed in response: to lawful governmental requests or legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena), in other circumstances in which we have a good faith belief that a crime has been or is being committed by a user, that an emergency exists that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person, when necessary either to protect our property, or for us to render the service you have requested. In the event that our ownership was to change as a result of a merger or acquisition by another company, your FreeAdvertisingNetwork information may be transferred. We will provide you notice prior to any such transfer of your FreeAdvertisingNetwork information. 

### Your Information Choices

In the My Profile area on FreeAdvertisingNetwork, you have the following choices: You may review, enhance, add, change or delete such information in the My Profile area. You may change your settings to control visibility of your ads on the FreeAdvertisingNetwork network. You may remove all information about you and your business by cancelling your account by sending a request to support@FreeAdvertisingNetwork.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to block access to your information upon termination of your account; however, you understand and agree that certain information may be retained by us as part of our standard back up and archiving process. If you have further questions or concerns that have not been addressed in this statement, please send your inquiries to: support@FreeAdvertisingNetwork.org Please be sure to include your name, and email address so we can contact you. 

### Changes

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this Policy periodically. 
