> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the freenas.org privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160625035321id_/http%3A//www.freenas.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - FreeNAS - Open Source Storage Operating System

This is the Privacy Policy for the FreeNAS.org (“FreeNAS”) web site (“Site”). Your privacy is very important to us and we are committed to protecting it. We understand that you need to be in control of your personal data. This Privacy Policy explains the manner in which the FreeNAS collects personal data from you and the purpose for that collection. This Privacy Policy is designed to ensure that you are aware of how your personal data is being used and to provide you with choices about that use. By visiting the FreeNAS Site or submitting your personal data, you accept the terms described in this Privacy Policy.

We use Google Analytics, Google AdWords Conversion tracker, and other Google services that place cookies on a browser across the website. These cookies help us increase the website’s effectiveness for our visitors. These cookies are set and read by Google. To opt out of Google tracking, please visit this page.

We use AdWords remarketing to market our sites across the web. We place a cookie on a browser, and then a 3rd party (Google) reads these cookies and may serve an ad on a 3rd party site. You may opt out of this ad serving on Google’s opt out page. If you are concerned about 3rd party cookies served by networks, you should also visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.

Cookies. A cookie is a string of information that is sent by a web site and stored on your hard drive or temporarily in your computer’s memory. We may employ cookie technology to help you move faster through our Site. We may employ cookie technology to estimate our total audience size and traffic and to help us improve our Site’s experience by measuring which site areas are of greatest interest to users. You can turn off the ability to receive any of these cookies by adjusting the browser in your computer, but you should note that if you do so, this may materially affect the functionality of the Site and the information you can access through it. If you wish to find out more about cookies, or how to refuse cookies, please visit the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s web site at [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://allaboutcookies.org/) . We collect anonymous data when you visit most pages on the FreeNAS Site. Your visit may automatically provide us with data that is not linked to your personal information, such as your IP (Internet Protocol) address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times, and referring web site addresses. Some parts of the FreeNAS Site use embedded pixel or javascript technologies to facilitate your use of the Web site and to track general traffic. We use your anonymous data to obtain general statistics regarding the use of the FreeNAS Site and its specific Web pages and to evaluate how our visitors use and navigate our Web site on an aggregate basis. We do not link your anonymous data with personal data.
