> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the freepeople.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060615080347id_/http%3A//www.freepeople.com/index.cfm/nodeID/aa8fb4cf-b2b3-4e74-8fe1-e2abd4a6618f/fuseaction/content.page) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Free People Clothing Boutique > Help and Info > Privacy and Security

**Privacy and Security**

What information do we collect and how do we use it?   
Effective July 1, 2004 FreePeople.com collects customer information in an effort to improve our customer's shopping experience and to communicate with our customers about our products, services and promotions. We collect information such as your name, e-mail and postal address, that you provide to us, when you save your information with us or when you participate in a sweepstakes, promotion or survey. In addition, we maintain a record of your product interests, purchases and whatever else might enable us to enhance and personalize your shopping experience. We also monitor site use and traffic patterns to improve our web site design and the products and services we offer. FreePeople.com recognizes that it must maintain and use customer information responsibly. Free People will not rent or sell your e-mail address for any reason. We may disclose information about you to other members of the Free People corporate family and as required by law. We may on occasion share a portion of our postal mailing list with other reputable organizations not owned or affiliated with Free People who want to market products or services to you. You can always update or delete your personal information. If at any time you would like us to update or delete any of your personal information on file, just [click here](https://web.archive.org/index.cfm/fuseaction/customerService.form) to e-mail FreePeople.com customer service. Please be sure to include your e-mail address and full name. 

Security   
When ordering with us, we want our customers to feel confident that their personal information and credit card data is completely safe. On FreePeople.com, we employ 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology that safely encrypts all of your private information when placing an order, and guarantees it is sent securely into our systems to be processed. 

Business Partners   
We contract with an outside service called Coremetrics to help us better understand your use of FreePeople.com. Coremetrics places cookies on your computer to collect various kinds of information for us related to your use of FreePeople.com, so that we may continue to refine and improve the site for our customers. We do not allow Coremetrics to collect any credit card, user name or password information, nor are they allowed to use data that they collect for us for any other purpose. Additionally, Coremetrics is contractually required to maintain all the information collected for us in strict confidence. As a visitor to FreePeople.com, you may "opt out" of Coremetrics' collection of data. To learn more about your Coremetrics options [click here](http://www.coremetrics.com/company/privacy.html#optout). 

Note to kids   
If you are under the age of 13, you are not permitted to submit any personal information to FreePeople.com. FreePeople.com is intended for users who are 13 years of age and older. 
