> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the freethevbucks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190519202955id_/https%3A//freethevbucks.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Free the V-Bucks

  * [Daily Quests](https://freethevbucks.com/daily-quests/)
  * [Login Rewards](https://freethevbucks.com/login-rewards/)
  * [Timed Missions](https://freethevbucks.com/timed-missions/)
  * [Main Questline](https://freethevbucks.com/main-questline/)
  * [Side Quests](https://freethevbucks.com/side-quests/)
  * [Events](https://freethevbucks.com/events/)



This privacy policy sets out how FREE THE V-BUCKS collects, uses, maintains, discloses and protects any information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://freethevbucks.com/ website (“Site”).

## Collection of data

We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.

## Web browser cookies

Our Site uses “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. These cookies do not collect or store any personally identifiable information. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. With the help of cookies, we may collect information that generally comprises data which does not allow individual identification of information related to a specific User.

Our Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website operators analyse how Users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about the use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google.

## How we use collected information

FREE THE V-BUCKS may collect and use Users information for statistical and analytical purposes such as maintaining statistics regarding the use of the Site and services, to determine which parts of the Site are the most popular and to optimize the use of our Site. We may share information with third parties for marketing or other purposes.

## How we protect your information

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.

## Third-party websites

Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.

## Advertising

Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.

## Google AdSense

Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html>

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

FREE THE V-BUCKS has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

## Your acceptance of these terms

By using this Site, you acknowledge that you have read and accepted this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

## Contact us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.

This document was last updated on May 22, 2018
