> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the freelancersunion.org privacy policy that was archived on 2007-10-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071009083646id_/http%3A//www.freelancersunion.org/privacy-policy-home) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Freelancers Union :: Privacy Policy

Your privacy concerns are important to Working Today, Inc. and Freelancers Union (collectively referred to herein as “we” or “us”). This Privacy Policy is designed to provide you with the information you need to control your personal information. Please note also that this Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/publisher/articleview/action/view/frmArticleID/71). By using this Website, you agree to the collection and use of your information by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use this Website.

1\. You may use most of this Website without giving us information that identifies you, such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. We refer to these types of information as "Personally Identifying Information." As described below, we may request general information that describes certain characteristics, such as your zip code, age or other demographic information. We refer to this as "General Information."

2\. We do not collect Personally Identifying Information about you unless you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you register with this Website, create a Member Profile, post a Gig, communicate with this Website, purchase insurance plan(s) or make a donation. Your Personally Identifying Information will be used for the purpose for which it was given to us. For example, it may be used to provide you with the requested services or information, to process your membership application or donation, for customer service, to tailor offerings to you and to send you information about membership benefits. You have control over how much, if any, of your Personally Identifying Information will be available to other users of this Website. We may also use Personally Identifying Information in the aggregate for marketing, research, fundraising and administrative purposes and may share such aggregated information with third parties for these and similar purposes.

3\. If you purchase product(s) or service(s) or make a donation, we and/or a third party administrator or third party service provider will collect your financial information, such as debit or check information. Your financial information will be used to bill you for the requested product(s) or service(s), process your donation or otherwise process such transactions. By purchasing product(s) or service(s) or making a donation, you consent to our providing your financial information to our service providers, including a third party administrator, and to such third parties as we determine are necessary to process the transaction. These third parties may include the banking institutions used to process the transaction and the insurance carrier(s).

4\. We may request General Information for general statistical purposes. This type of General Information may be provided to third parties in an aggregate form, which permits us to describe the characteristics of our users without identifying them specifically. We use this information for marketing, research, fundraising and administrative purposes.

5\. Information collected through our studies, polls, surveys, newsletters and questionnaires is used in the aggregate. No Personally Identifying Information collected from these sources will be shared with third parties without the consent of the individuals who provided it.

6\. We may use third party contractors to help us operate our organization and this Website or administer activities on our behalf, such as payment processing, and may share your information with these contractors for those limited purposes. Except as specified herein, we will not share your Personally Identifying Information or financial information with third parties, unless you allow us to.

7\. We may collect non-personally identifiable information, such as your Website browsing patterns, and IP address, through passive means. We may use this information for internal purposes and to help us interact with visitors to this Website. We may also provide this information to third parties in an aggregate form. We may use session cookies to help us administer this Website, such as facilitating the log-in process and tracking sessions. Session cookies expire when you close your browser, and do not retain any information about you after they expire.

8\. Postings that may be available on this Website may be viewed by anyone who visits the chat rooms, message boards, forums, question-and-answer platforms, Member Profiles, blogs, wikis or other areas that feature user contribution. You should exercise caution not to provide any Personally Identifying Information or other information that you would not want seen by others. Use of such community functions is at your own risk.

9\. We will use commercially reasonable security measures and/or security measures required by applicable United States laws, regulations and rules to protect Personally Identifying Information. For example, Standard 128-bit encryption certificate from Thawte is used to protect your email address and password transmitted through this Website and access to your personal account information occurs during a secure session. In making your decision whether to provide Personally Identifying Information, you should be aware of the general risks of transmitting information over the Internet. While we attempt to prevent unauthorized persons from accessing our files or tampering with this Website, we cannot guarantee that these efforts always will be successful. We are not liable for disclosure of Personally Identifying Information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties. If your communication is sensitive, you may want to send it by postal mail (see [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/publisher/articleview/action/view/frmArticleID/76) for our address).

10\. If you visit a Website that is linked to this Website, you should consult that Website's privacy policy before providing Personally Identifying Information. We are not responsible for the information collection and use practices or the content of the Websites to which we link.

11\. Unless you tell us not to, we may use your Personally Identifying Information to contact you with information we think you may be interested in, including fundraising initiatives. If you change your mind or if you receive newsletters or other communications that you do not wish to receive, please contact us at [membership@freelancersunion.org](mailto:membership@freelancersunion.org) or follow the instructions for removing your name from the circulation list for that item. Please note that changes to your preferences may not be effective immediately.

12\. If we are sold to, or merge with, another company, or declare bankruptcy, some or all of the information collected from you may be transferred to a third party as a result of the transfer of assets. We may also disclose your information when we determine it is necessary to comply with applicable laws or protect our interests or safety or that of other visitors to this Website.

13\. Members can review, change or delete their information by [signing in](https://be.freelancersunion.org/s/index.php/user/login/) to the My Membership section of this Website.

14\. This Website may be used only by individuals over the age of 18. We urge parents to supervise their children's use of the Internet. We do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13. However, if a parent learns that a child has submitted Personally Identifying Information to this Website, the parent should [contact us](https://web.archive.org/publisher/articleview/action/view/frmArticleID/76) and that information will be deleted.

15\. This Privacy Policy is subject to change at anytime. Changes will be posted on this page, so we encourage you to check this page regularly. Your continued use of this Website following any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.

If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [membership@freelancersunion.org](mailto:membership@freelancersunion.org).

Effective August 17, 2006.
