> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the freecaster.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2011-02-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110203073017id_/http%3A//freecaster.tv/info/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Freecaster.tv powers extreme.com - High quality action sports videos and live events

This is the web site of Kjerag.

Our postal address is:  
Freecaster.tv  
avenue des Acacias 115  
B-5100 Jambes  
Belgium

We can be reached via e-mail at [support@freecaster.com](mailto:support@freecaster.com) or you can reach us by telephone at +32 81 31 15 85. For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting the Website. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by clicking unsubscribe in the Freecaster newsletter. With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of: Adify and Google Adwords. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
