> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the freetaxusa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061229190232id_/http%3A//www.freetaxusa.com/privacy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Our privacy policy regarding free tax preparation and e-file

[](http://www.truste.org/ivalidate.php?url=www.freetaxusa.com&sealid=101) _Effective: 01/26/2006_   
FreeTaxUSA treats your financial and personal information as confidential and will not sell or rent any information.  FreeTaxUSA.com is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program.  TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to enable individuals and organizations to establish trusting relationships based on respect for personal identity and information by promoting the use of fair information practices.

The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this web site, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site.  This privacy statement covers the [www.FreeTaxUSA.com](https://web.archive.org/) web site.  Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to our users' privacy, we have agreed to disclose the information practices of FreeTaxUSA.com and have our privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe. 

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first send e-mail to [webmaster@FreeTaxUSA.com](mailto:webmaster@freetaxusa.com). 

If your inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process (<http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php>).  TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with the FreeTaxUSA.com web site to resolve your concerns. 

Information Collection and Use FreeTaxUSA.com is the sole owner of the information collected on www.FreeTaxUSA.com.  Information is collected in order for taxpayers to prepare and electronically file their tax returns.  Tax return information is only disclosed to appropriate government and financial institutions in order to file tax returns and comply with Internal Revenue Service transmission requirements.  FreeTaxUSA.com will not use your information to market any other type of product or service.  Your contact information (e-mail address) may be used to keep you updated on the status of your return, resolve any problems with transmission of your tax return, and remind you of important dates on the tax calendar and provide you with information on FreeTaxUSA.com promotions and products.  If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails you can so specify when creating your account or through the "Edit User Profile" feature after you are a registered user.  The types of data collected include everything that is needed to prepare a tax return, such as names, Social Security numbers, birth dates, mailing address, e-mail address, and any tax-related information such as Form W-2s and Form 1099s.  If a tax preparation service is purchased, credit card information for a credit card payment or bank account information for an e-check payment will be gathered.

All personally identifiable information gathered during account creation and during the use of the application to prepare taxes is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL).

At times, we may offer a referral service so that you can tell a friend about our products.  We will ask you for your friend's name and e-mail address.  We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site.  FreeTaxUSA.com stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program.

A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user.  Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on the FreeTaxUSA.com web site.  A session ID cookie is used as an additional layer of security to maintain your session while you are logged into your account.  Once a user closes the browser or clicks the "Logout" link, the cookie simply terminates.  Some of our business partners that are affiliate websites use cookies on our site to track users that have reached our web site through one of the affiliate websites.  However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for affiliate tracking.

We may use clear-gifs/web beacons in our HTML-based e-mails to monitor the effectiveness of our communication efforts.  They will not be used to collect any personally identifiable information.

Third-Party Advertising No third-party advertising appears on the FreeTaxUSA.com web site.

Log Files Like most standard web sites, FreeTaxUSA.com uses log files.  These include IP address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.

Communications from FreeTaxUSA.com Your contact information may be used to keep you updated on the status of your return, to resolve any problems with transmission of your tax return, and to provide a confirmation of credit card or direct-debit payments.  If you e-file your tax return, an e-mail will be sent to you stating whether the IRS has accepted or rejected your e-filed tax return.  If problems occur with the transmission of your tax return, a customer support e-mail may be sent out to explain the problem.  FreeTaxUSA.com also sends a confirmation e-mail to serve as a receipt when a taxpayer uses a credit card or checking/savings account to pay for the FreeTaxUSA.com fee.

Occasionally, FreeTaxUSA.com will send out tax information or promotional material dealing with our products.  These are considered optional communications and you as the recipient can "opt-out" of this communication.  This can be done while creating your account or by using the "Edit User Profile" portion of the application after logging in or by following the unsubscribe instructions found at the following link:  [http://www.FreeTaxUSA.com/unsubscribe.jsp](https://web.archive.org/web/20061229190232id_/http%3A//www.freetaxusa.com/unsubscribe.jsp).

Service Announcements On rare occasions, it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement.  For instance, if service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, FreeTaxUSA.com might send users a notification via e-mail.

Customer Service Customer support for FreeTaxUSA.com is provided through e-mail.  So, when a customer support request is received, we will reply via e-mail.  If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update or delete it by logging into your account and making any changes.  However, once the IRS accepts your e-filed tax return, no changes can be made to your account that would change any of the information on the tax return.

Legal Disclosures Though every effort is made to preserve user privacy, FreeTaxUSA.com may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our web site.

Credit Card Processing If during the use of our application you order a product that requires payment, your credit card or direct-debit payment will be processed by a payment processing company.  The payment processing companies that we use do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.  No credit card information will be collected unless there is a payment due.  FreeTaxUSA.com does not store any credit card information.  Your credit card data is only used to process your payment.

Business Transitions In the event FreeTaxUSA.com goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, the personal information of users will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.  Users will be notified, via e-mail and through a prominent notice on the FreeTaxUSA.com web site, 30 days prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information.  If as a result of the business transition, the personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, users will be given a choice consistent with our notification of changes section.

Security FreeTaxUSA.com takes every precaution to protect the information of our users.  When users submit sensitive information via the web site, it is protected both on-line and off-line.  FreeTaxUSA.com uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology to protect all sensitive information.  SSL technology is the most commonly-used method on the Internet to safely transmit data.  Access to your personal information is protected by a password, of your choosing, in order to maintain security for your account.  Only you, or someone with whom you share your password, can access your account to make changes to your return or account information.

Along with using SSL encryption to protect sensitive information on-line, we also do everything in our power to protect user information off-line.  The FreeTaxUSA.com servers are located in a secure data storage facility with strict security measures and procedures in place.  All user information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted to only key employees who need the information to perform a specific job function (Example:  the customer service representative manager).  Furthermore, all employees are kept up-to-date on the security and privacy practices of FreeTaxUSA.com.  Before every tax season, as well as any time new policies are added, employees of FreeTaxUSA.com are notified and/or reminded about the importance placed on privacy, and what they can do to ensure the security of user information.

If you have any further questions about the security at FreeTaxUSA.com, you can send an e-mail to [webmaster@FreeTaxUSA.com](mailto:webmaster@freetaxusa.com).  _No support questions will be answered from this e-mail address._

Notification of Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.  If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by e-mail, or by means of a notice on our homepage.

Contact Information If you have additional questions regarding FreeTaxUSA.com.com's privacy or security policies, please send your question to [webmaster@FreeTaxUSA.com](mailto:webmaster@freetaxusa.com).  _No support questions will be answered from this e-mail address._

Or, address your written question to:

  FreeTaxUSA.com - Privacy  
  654 North 800 East #305  
  Spanish Fork, UT  84660 
