> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the freestuff.eu privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180528191808id_/https%3A//www.freestuff.eu/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Free Stuff

All Groove is committed to protecting your personal data and respecting your privacy.

This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains the type of information that All Groove collects from its website www.freestuff.eu (the "Website"), how we will use it and the rights that you have in relation to this information.

By using this Website you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.

* **ABOUT US**  
This Website is operated by All Groove Limited, a company registered in England and Wales (company reg: 04738797) (referred to in this Privacy Policy as "All Groove", "us" or "we"). Our registered office and main trading address is Unit 1, 80-82 White Lion Street, London N1 9PF. Our VAT number is 187730083.

Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, All Groove is the data controller of the personal information we collect about you from the Website for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 and, with effect from 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and any other data protection laws which apply in the United Kingdom from time to time (together, "Data Protection Law").

For any enquiries relating to this Privacy Policy or how we use information collected from this Website, please contact us by writing to us at Unit 1, 80-82 White Lion Street, London N1 9PF or by emailing us at [privacy@allgroove.com](mailto:privacy@allgroove.com). 

* **THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU**  
This section explains how we collect personal information about you, the types of personal information we may collect, how we may use it, who we may share it with and how long we will keep it for: 

  1. Personal information you submit to us when you sign up to receive information about freebies, discounts and prizes: 
    1. **_We will collect your contact details and some basic information about you:_** We will collect your first and last name, salutation, your email address, your postal address, your mobile phone number and your date of birth.
    2. **_We will use your personal information to contact you about the latest freebies, discounts, offers and prizes:_** When you enter your contact details for this reason and click "register free", you will be consenting to us contacting you by email and / or SMS about the latest freebies, discounts, offers and prizes that we make available on behalf of our partners through the Website. We will only be able to send you emails about the latest freebies, offers, discounts, and prizes if you have provided your consent.
    3. **_We will stop using your personal information for this purpose if you withdraw your consent at any time:_** If you subsequently decide that you do not want to hear from us about the latest freebies, discounts, offers and prizes, you are entitled at any time to withdraw your consent to receiving emails from us. To unsubscribe, please either email us at [info@freestuff.eu](mailto:info@freestuff.eu) with the subject heading "Unsubscribe", or contact us by completing the "Contact Us" form available on the Website and selecting "Deactivate account", or please click the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the Website or any email that we have sent to you, and follow the instructions.
    4. **_We store personal information collected by us inside and outside the EEA, as may other parties that we may share your personal information with:_** The personal information that we collect from you may be stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") and may be processed by personnel (who work for us or one of our service providers) operating outside the EEA in countries that the European Commission has not decided offer adequate data protection in accordance with Data Protection Law. Where we pass your personal information to parties located outside of the EEA that do not offer adequate protection, if they are not subscribed to an approved data protection framework, such as the EU-US Privacy Shield that permits us to transfer the personal data to them from the UK, we will enter into agreements which enable us to transfer that personal information to them and that enable you to exercise your rights in accordance with Data Protection Law. In particular: 
      1. We use email service providers that store the personal information collected by us about our registrants in the United States of America. To ensure that such personal information is provided adequate protection, we have put in place standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for transfers from data controllers in the EEA to data processors outside the EEA. A copy of these terms can be obtained by emailing us at [privacy@allgroove.com](mailto:privacy@allgroove.com).
      2. Our personnel based in India may have access to personal information when they perform technical maintenance and support activities on our information technology systems. To ensure that such personal information is provided adequate protection, we have put in place standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for transfers from data controllers in the EEA to data processors outside the EEA. A copy of these terms can be obtained by emailing us at [privacy@allgroove.com](mailto:privacy@allgroove.com).
      3. For further details about the locations in which our Affiliates may store your personal information, please visit the privacy policy available on their websites.
      4. For further details about the locations in which any client of ours may store your personal information (which it will be using as a separate data controller for the purposes of Data Protection Law), please see the information that was provided to you in the data collection notice that you received at the time you registered for a promotion, competition or other service offered by that client, or contact that client directly.
    5. **_We will keep a record of the personal information that we receive from you in order to contact you about the latest freebies, discounts, offers and prizes._** We will keep our copy of your personal information held for this purpose until 6 months following the last time you engaged with our emails or, if earlier, until you have contacted us to ask for the processing of your personal information for this purpose to be stopped (in which case we will retain a record of your request in order to ensure that we comply with your wishes).
  2. Personal information you submit to us when you register to enter a prize draw: 
    1. **_We will collect your contact details and some basic information about you:_** We will collect your first and last name, salutation, your email address, your postal address, your mobile phone number and your date of birth.
    2. **_We will use your personal information to enter you into the prize draw:_** When you submit your contact details to enter into the prize draw, we will use them to enter you into the prize draw and to contact you about the prize draw (for example, if you win a prize) because it is in our legitimate interests to use your personal information for these purposes to administer the prize draw.
    3. **_We will use your personal information to contact you about the latest freebies, offers, discounts and prizes:_** When you submit your contact details to enter the prize draw, you will also be able to choose to consent to us contacting you by email or SMS about the latest freebies, offers, discounts, and prizes that we make available on behalf of our partners through the Website. We will only be able to send you emails about the latest freebies, offers, discounts, and prizes if you have provided your consent. We will seek your consent through the use of tick boxes or similar methods.
    4. **_We will stop using your personal information for this purpose if you withdraw your consent at any time:_** If you subsequently decide that you do not want to hear from us about the latest freebies, discounts and prizes, you are entitled at any time to withdraw your consent to receiving emails from us. To unsubscribe, please either email us at [info@freestuff.eu](mailto:info@freestuff.eu) with the subject heading "Unsubscribe" or please click the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the Website or any email that we have sent to you, and follow the instructions.
    5. **_We store personal information collected by us inside and outside the EEA, as may other parties that we may share your personal information with:_** The personal information that we collect from you may be stored at a destination outside the EEA and may be processed by personnel (who work for us or one of our service providers) operating outside the EEA in countries that the European Commission has not decided offer adequate data protection in accordance with Data Protection Law. Where we pass your personal information to parties located outside of the EEA that do not offer adequate protection, if they are not subscribed to an approved data protection framework, such as the EU-US Privacy Shield that permits us to transfer the personal data to them from the UK, we will enter into agreements which enable us to transfer that personal information to them and that enable you to exercise your rights in accordance with Data Protection Law. In particular: 
      1. We use email service providers that store the personal information collected by us about our registrants in the United States of America. To ensure that such personal information is provided adequate protection, we have put in place standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for transfers from data controllers in the EEA to data processors outside the EEA. A copy of these terms can be obtained by emailing us at [privacy@allgroove.com](mailto:privacy@allgroove.com).
      2. Our personnel based in India may have access to personal information when they perform technical maintenance and support activities on our information technology systems. To ensure that such personal information is provided adequate protection, we have put in place standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for transfers from data controllers in the EEA to data processors outside the EEA. A copy of these terms can be obtained by emailing us at [privacy@allgroove.com](mailto:privacy@allgroove.com).
      3. For further details about the locations in which our Affiliates may store your personal information, please visit the privacy policy available on their websites.
      4. For further details about the locations in which any client of ours may store your personal information (which it will be using as a separate data controller for the purposes of Data Protection Law), please see the information that was provided to you in the data collection notice that you received at the time you registered for a promotion, competition or other service offered by that client, or contact that client directly.
    6. **_We will keep a record of the personal information that we receive from you in order to enter you into a prize draw._** We will keep our copy of your personal information held for this purpose until we no longer require, following the last time we use your personal information for this purpose or, if earlier, until you have contacted us to ask for the processing of your personal information for this purpose to be stopped (in which case we will retain a record of your request in order to ensure that we comply with your wishes).
    7. Personal information you submit to us when you choose to receive emails or telephone calls from one of our partners: 
      1. **_We will collect your contact details:_** We will collect your first and last name, salutation, your email address, your postal address, your mobile phone number and your date of birth.
      2. **_We will share your personal information with our sponsors and partners, with your consent:_** When you sign up to receive information about freebies, discounts and prizes or when you enter a prize draw, you can also choose to share your personal information with our partners in the following circumstances: 
        1. From time to time, the Website is sponsored by one of our partners. When you sign up, we will tell you which of our partners is then sponsoring the Website. If you wish to receive emails about products and services provided by the sponsor, you will need to give consent to us sharing your contact details with them.
        2. You can choose to receive offers by email or telephone from companies that we believe will be of interest to you by selecting from a list.
We will seek your consent through the use of tick boxes or similar methods. 
      3. **_The sponsors and partners will be responsible for their processing of the personal information that you agree to share:_** When we share your personal information in this way, the sponsors and/or partners will be responsible for their processing or your personal information and the processing will be subject to the sponsors' and/or partners' privacy policies. At the time we seek your consent, we will provide you a link to the applicable sponsor's or partner's privacy policy.
      4. **_We store personal information collected by us inside and outside the EEA, as may other parties that we may share your personal information with:_** The personal information that we collect from you may be stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") and may be processed by personnel (who work for us or one of our service providers) operating outside the EEA in countries that the European Commission has not decided offer adequate data protection in accordance with Data Protection Law. Where we pass your personal information to parties located outside of the EEA that do not offer adequate protection, if they are not subscribed to an approved data protection framework, such as the EU-US Privacy Shield that permits us to transfer the personal data to them from the UK, we will enter into agreements which enable us to transfer that personal information to them and that enable you to exercise your rights in accordance with Data Protection Law. In particular: 
        1. Our personnel based in India may have access to personal information when they perform technical maintenance and support activities on our information technology systems. To ensure that such personal information is provided adequate protection, we have put in place standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for transfers from data controllers in the EEA to data processors outside the EEA. A copy of these terms can be obtained by emailing us at privacy@allgroove.com.
      5. **_We will keep a record of the personal information that we receive from you in order to contact you about the latest freebies, discounts and prizes._** We will keep our copy of your personal information held for this purpose indefinitely or until you have contacted us to ask for the processing of your personal information for this purpose to be stopped (in which case we will retain a record of your request in order to ensure that we comply with your wishes).
    8. Personal information you submit to us using the "Contact Us" form on the Website: 
      1. **_We will collect your contact details and any personal information contained in your message:_** We will collect your email address, the subject of your enquiry and any personal information contained in the message section of your enquiry.
      2. **_We will use your personal information to reply to your enquiry:_** We will read your enquiry and use your personal information to respond to it: 
        1. _If you are notifying us about a problem with the Website:_ We will use your personal information to consider the reported problem and may use it to contact you and request more information in order to help us resolve the problem. When we use your personal information for this purpose, it is in our legitimate interests to do so in order to investigate the problem.
        2. _If you are making an enquiry about advertising your business on our website (including by offering discounts, freebies and prizes to users of the Website):_ We will use your personal information to consider and decide how to respond to your enquiry. When we use your personal information for this purpose, it is in our legitimate interests to do so in order to consider whether we can advertise your business on the Website.
        3. _If you are contacting us to provide feedback or make a suggestion in connection with the Website:_ We will use your personal information to consider your feedback or suggestion and decide how to respond. When we use your personal information for this purpose, it is in our legitimate interests to do so in order to consider how well we are operating the Website and how it could be improved.
        4. _If you are contacting us to request deactivation of your subscription to receive emails about the latest freebies, offers, discounts, and prizes that we make available on behalf of our partners through the Website:_ We will use your personal information to deactivate your subscription. When we use your personal information for this purpose, it is in our legitimate interests to do so in order to remove you from this mailing list.
        5. _If you are making any other type of enquiry: We will use your personal information to consider and respond to your enquiry because it is in our legitimate interests to use your personal information in order to determine how to answer your query._ Depending on the subject of your enquiry, it may also be necessary for us to use your personal information to comply with a legal obligation relating to how we manage our business or our relationship with your business.
      3. **_We will use your personal information to confirm your identity:_** If we do not know you or your role at your business, we may also use your personal information to confirm your identity and the business that you work for, as well as your role at that business. We do this because it is in our legitimate interests to make sure that your enquiry is genuine and is not being made for fraudulent reasons or is spam. We may also do this because we may be subject to legal obligations which require us to confirm the details that you provide us with before entering into a relationship with you.
      4. **_We may share your personal information with others in order to confirm your identity and to respond to your enquiry:_**
        1. We may check your personal information by searching for your name and that of your business in publicly available and private databases of businesses and individuals, which will use the details entered by us to provide us with the search results. For example, we may use databases such as those retained by LinkedIn or Companies House for this purpose.
        2. If you are a making an enquiry about a promotion, competition or other service provided by a partner or about personal information they may have about you, we may pass your personal information on to them so that we or they can respond to your enquiry.
        3. We may pass your personal information to one of our affiliates, LolaGrove Limited, Overmore Limited, (our "Affiliates") so that they can respond to your enquiry if it relates to their business, in which case that Affiliate will be using it as a separate data controller for the purposes of Data Protection Law. For example, if you make an enquiry through the Website about a service offered by LolaGrove, we may pass your personal information to LolaGrove Limited so that they can provide you a response, in which case, LolaGrove Limited will be using it as a separate data controller for the purposes of Data Protection Law.
      5. **_We store personal information collected by us inside and outside the EEA, as may other parties that we may share your personal information with:_** The personal information that we collect from you may be stored at a destination outside the EEA and may be processed by personnel (who work for us or one of our service providers) operating outside the EEA in countries that the European Commission has not decided offer adequate data protection in accordance with Data Protection Law. Where we pass your personal information to parties located outside of the EEA that do not offer adequate protection, if they are not subscribed to an approved data protection framework, such as the EU-US Privacy Shield that permits us to transfer the personal data to them from the UK, we will enter into agreements which enable us to transfer that personal information to them and that enable you to exercise your rights in accordance with Data Protection Law. In particular: 
        1. We use a customer relationship management solution that stores the personal information collected by us about our clients in the United States of America. To ensure that such personal information is provided adequate protection, transfers of personal information to this service provider are made in accordance with the EU-US Privacy Shield. For further information about the EU-US Privacy Shield, see [www.privacyshield.gov](http://www.privacyshield.gov/).
        2. Our personnel based in India may have access to personal information when they perform technical maintenance and support activities on our information technology systems. To ensure that such personal information is provided adequate protection, we have put in place standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for transfers from data controllers in the EEA to data processors outside the EEA. A copy of these terms can be obtained by emailing us at [privacy@allgroove.com](mailto:privacy@allgroove.com).
        3. For further details about the locations in which our Affiliates may store your personal information, please visit the privacy policy available on their websites.
        4. For further details about the locations in which any client of ours may store your personal information (which it will be using as a separate data controller for the purposes of Data Protection Law), please see the information that was provided to you in the data collection notice that you received at the time you registered for a promotion, competition or other service offered by that client, or contact that client directly.
      6. **_We will keep a record of the personal information that we receive from you in order to answer your enquiry and to contact you about how we may be able to help your business:_**
        1. _If you are notifying us about a problem with the Website:_ We will delete our copy of your personal information, although we will retain a record that you have contacted us and the outcome of that contact, to the extent and for so long as we are required to do so by law.
        2. _If you are making an enquiry about advertising your business on our website (including by offering discounts, freebies and prizes to users of the Website):_ We will delete our copy of your personal information held for this purpose if, having discussed your enquiry with you, we determine that we are unable to work together now or in the future. We will delete our copy of your personal information, although we may retain a record that you contacted us and the outcome of that contact, to the extent and for so long as we are required to do so by law.
        3. _If you are contacting us to provide feedback or make a suggestion in connection with the Website:_ We will delete our copy of your personal information, although we may retain a record that you contacted us and the outcome of that contact, to the extent and for so long as we are required to do so by law.
        4. _If you are contacting us to request deactivation of your subscription to receive emails about the latest freebies, offers, discounts, and prizes that we make available on behalf of our partners through the Website:_ We will delete our copy of your personal information, although we will retain a record of your request in order to ensure that we comply with your wishes.
        5. _If you have contacted us to ask for the processing of your personal information to be stopped or for your personal information to be erased:_ We will retain a record of your request in order to ensure that we comply with your wishes.
        6. _If you are making any other type of enquiry:_ We will keep our copy of your personal information held for this purpose or until you have contacted us to ask for the processing of your personal information for this purpose to be stopped (in which case we will retain a record of your request in order to ensure that we comply with your wishes).
        7. _For all other enquiries:_ We will keep our copy of your personal information held for this purpose until the discussion of the subject matter of your enquiry has come to an end and we no longer need to comply with a legal obligation that requires us to retain your personal information. We will delete our copy of your personal information following our discussions with you although we may retain a record of the existence of the enquiry, to the extent and for so long as we are required to do so by law.
      7. **_Personal information we collect from your browser and your device:_**
        1. **_We will collect personal information about your interaction with our Website and your location:_** We will collect your device's IP address, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data and the resources that you access when you visit the Website and your browser or other applications on your device interact with it.
        2. **_We will use your personal information to operate and improve the use of the Website:_** We will use your personal information to determine how you may be viewing and using our Website: 
          1. To ensure that content from the Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device and for other users and to make improvements to the Website;
          2. To recognise you when you return to our Website. This enables us to record your use of our Website, to automatically personalise our Website content for you and remember your preferences. It also allows you to participate in interactive features on our Website, when you choose to do so;
          3. To automatically make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Website about services of ours that may be of interest to you or to them;
          4. As part of our efforts to keep the Website secure;
          5. To administer and maintain the Website by conducting testing and solving errors; and
          6. To analyse your and other users' use of the Website in order to create anonymised and aggregated research or statistics from time to time. Once your personal information has been anonymised and aggregated with that of other users, we will no longer be able to identify you or anyone else from the combined information;
We will use your personal information in this way because it is in our legitimate interests to determine how you may be viewing and using our Website so that we can operate it and improve it.
        3. **_We will keep a record of the personal information that we receive from your browser and your device to operate and improve our Website:_** We will keep our copy of the personal information held for this purpose indefinitely from the end of our last update to the Website.
      8. **Consent to use your personal information we collect from cookies placed on your device:** This Section 2(g) and Section 3 below explains the cookies that we will place on your device when you visit our Website. By continuing to browse the Website, you agree to our use of cookies explained in this Section 2(g) and Section 3 below. 
        1. **_We will collect personal information about your interaction with our Website, other websites you visit and your location:_** We will collect your device's IP address, location data, details of webpages, weblogs and other communication data and the resources that you access when you visit our Website our other websites when your device interact with it.
        2. **_We will use your personal information to operate and improve the use of the Website and to offer you goods and services:_** We will use your personal information to determine how you may be viewing and using our Website: 
          1. To ensure that content from the Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device and for other users and to make improvements to it;
          2. To recognise you when you return to our Website. This enables us to record your use of our Website, to automatically personalise our Website content for you and remember your preferences. It also allows you to participate in interactive features on our Website, when you choose to do so;
          3. To record your visit to our Website and other websites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed so that we can automatically make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users about services of ours and those of our clients that may be of interest to you or to them on websites that you and other users may visit;
          4. To contact you by email or text message to offer you goods and services where we have recognised that you have returned to our Website and you have previously agreed to receive marketing communications from us;
          5. As part of our efforts to keep the Website secure;
          6. To administer and maintain the Website by conducting testing and solving errors; and
          7. To analyse your and other users' use of the Website in order to create anonymised and aggregated research or statistics from time to time. Once your personal information has been anonymised and aggregated with that of other users, we will no longer be able to identify you or anyone else from the combined information;
        3. **_We will use your personal information to confirm your identity and to improve our products and services and those of our Affiliates:_** We will use your personal information that we collect from you and/or cookies placed on your device to confirm that your device and the information provided by you is genuine. We do this by checking it against existing information that may already exist about you on a system operated by LolaGrove Limited. To the extent that this information collected from cookies placed on your device or provided by you is not contained on the system operated by LolaGrove Limited or the information contained on the system operated by LolaGrove Limited is incorrect or incomplete, then LolaGrove Limited will use the information provided to correct or add to the existing information held on the LolaGrove system to improve it. Where personal information is checked against or added to the LolaGrove system for this purpose, LolaGrove Limited will be using it as a separate data controller for the purposes of Data Protection Law.
        4. **_We store personal information about you using cookies placed on your device when you visit our Website inside the UK and outside the EEA, as may other parties that we may pass your personal information:_** The personal information that we collect from you may be stored at a destination outside the EEA and may be processed by personnel (who work for us or one of our service providers) operating outside the EEA, in countries that do not offer adequate data protection in accordance with Data Protection Law. Where we pass your personal information to parties located outside of the EEA in countries that the European Commission has not determined offer adequate data protection, if they are not subscribed to an approved data protection framework, such as the EU-US Privacy Shield, we will enter into agreements which enable us to transfer that personal information to them and that enable you to exercise your rights in accordance with Data Protection Law. In particular: 
          1. Our personnel based in India may have access to personal information when they perform technical support activities on our information technology systems. To ensure that such personal information is provided adequate protection, we have put in place standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for transfers from data controllers in the EEA to data processors outside the EEA. A copy of these terms can be obtained by emailing us at [info@allgroove.com](mailto:info@allgroove.com)
          2. Other parties that we may pass your personal information to may be located or store your personal information in countries which are not in the European Economic Area and do not offer adequate data protection in accordance with Data Protection Law. For further details about the locations in which Google may store your personal information, please [click here](https://policies.google.com/privacy).
        5. **_We will keep a record of the personal information that we receive from your browser and your device to operate and improve our Website:_** We will keep our copy of the personal information held for this purpose indefinitely.
  3. We will only store your data in accordance with our Data Retention Policy. To read our Policy, click [here](https://www.freestuff.eu/data-retention-policy.php)


* **COOKIES**

**About cookies**

This Website uses cookies to collect information. Cookies are small data files which are placed on your browser and the hard drive of your computer, mobile or other handheld device as you browse the Website. The cookies we use store information about your visit to this Website and distinguish you from other users. Some cookies are essential to the effective operation of our Website. They help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Website and also allows us to improve our Website, as explained in Section 2(g) above.

**The cookies set from our Website**

The following table sets out the types of cookie used on our Website and provides detail about what they are used for. When you use the Website for the first time, cookies which are essential to make our Website operate (see those identified as "essential cookies" below) will have been set but the other cookies will not have been set unless you agreed to those cookies being set at the time. If you have agreed to accept cookies then our Website will remember this and continue to set cookies each time you visit. If you do not want a cookie to be stored, then you may turn off certain cookies listed below individually or you can select the appropriate options on your web browser to delete some or all cookies. Please note, however, that if you block some or all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to use or access all or parts of our Website, such as being able to log on to member specific areas.

Cookie type | Cookie  | Cookie name | Purpose | Further information  
---|---|---|---|---  
Essential Site Cookies |  | PHPSESSION | These cookies are being used by us for the operation of the FreeStuff.eu website.  
These cookies are temporary and essential for our Website to enables us to:  
Recognise you when you return to our Website; |   
Tracking Cookie | Pingdom | PRUM_EPISODES | Allows us to monitor user experience. |   
Tracking Cookie | Google Analytics |  _ga  
__utma  
__utmb  
__utmc  
__utmv  
__utmz  
| This cookie is used to provide information to us about how visitors to our Website are using it as explained Section 2(g). | For further information about this cookie, [click here](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245)  
  
**How to disable the cookies**

If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including those essential for the operation of the Website) you may not be able to access parts of our Website. How to do this will depend on the browser you use. We have provided instructions below on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers: 

  1. For Microsoft Internet Explorer:  
Choose the menu “tools” then “Internet Options”;  
Click on the “privacy” tab; and  
Select the setting the appropriate setting.
  2. For Mozilla firefox:  
Choose the menu “tools” then “Options”;  
Click on the icon “privacy”; and  
Find the menu “cookie” and select the relevant options.

**Third party cookies**

Please note that Google and other third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies as a result of you visiting other websites, over which we have no control. 

Cookie  | Cookie name | Purpose  
---|---|---  
Acxiom |  ACX_COUNT  
ACXID  
|  Acxiom Limited (registered office at 17 Hatfields London SE1 8DJ) and its partners may use the data you provide to this website, together with other data collected elsewhere, to place cookies on your device. Data through these cookies, in conjunction with other data collected about you and others, will be used to improve the relevance of online advertisements displayed to you when you visit this and/or other unrelated websites. To opt-out of data collection, please click here. Acxiom will then add an opt-out flag to this cookie which will ensure it is no longer used by Acxiom for targeted advertising.   
  
LiveRamp cookies allow advertisers to display on the websites you visit, relevant offers based on your consumption habits as well as measure the performance of their advertising campaigns. To work, this service is based on the deposit of a cookie on your browser when opening an email or your visit to the site of one of our partners. They only tell us your encrypted email address in an irreversible way and thus allowing us to create a technical key associated with our cookies. By depositing our cookies some technical information can be automatically collected (such as IP, your operating system or your browser type). Our cookies do not track your navigation. We do not store any information related to your connection. You can at any time easily oppose the deposit of our cookie by clicking [here](https://liveramp.uk/cookies-101/)
* **PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will take appropriate measures to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of the personal information you provide to the Website and any transmission by you of it to us is at your own risk.

* **CHANGES TO THIS POLICY**

We may make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you. Any changes we make to this Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and will be immediately effective upon the posting of the updated Privacy Policy, unless we indicate a particular date on which it will be effective. However, where we change our Privacy Policy to reflect a new way we may use personal information which we have not told you about before, we will not use your personal information collected before that change unless we notify you in advance. Previous versions of our Privacy Policy can be found [here](https://www.freestuff.eu/privacy-policy.php).

* **CONTACT**

For any enquiries relating to this Privacy Policy or how we use information collected from this Website or contact the Data Protection Officer, please contact us by writing to us at Unit 1, 80-82 White Lion Street, London N1 9PF or by emailing us at [info@allgroove.com](mailto:info@allgroove.com).

* **YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AS A WEBSITE USER**

With respect to the personal information that All Groove collects about you from its Website, you have the right: 

  1. To request access to that personal information;
  2. To receive a copy of the personal information that you have provided to All Groove in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format so that you can share it with others;
  3. Where that personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, to ask for the personal information to be rectified or completed;
  4. To ask for that personal information to be erased; and
  5. To object to us processing your personal information by asking for the processing of that personal information to be restricted or stopped (for example, where All Groove uses personal information to make recommendations, suggestions or other decisions automatically, you have the right to object to us doing this).

To exercise any of these rights, please contact us by writing to us at Unit 1, 80-82 White Lion Street, London N1 9PF or by emailing us at [privacy@allgroove.com](mailto:privacy@allgroove.com).

You also have the right to make a complaint to the UK Information Commissioner's Office or another European data protection authority about the manner in which All Groove processes that personal information. 
