> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the freestockshares.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151229003435id_/http%3A//www.cybersecuritywarning.com/index.php%3Fwm%3D2189) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CW7 Marketing

CWA, Inc's privacy policy (Privacy Policy) covers the collection and use of personal information, Personal Information, that we may gather any time you interact with us, such as when you visit our Web site, demo our products, purchase CWA, Inc. products, or when you call our customer support or sales departments.This policy describes our data privacy practices, including what type of information is gathered, how CWA, Inc uses the information, and how we safeguard your Personal Information.

CWA, Inc collects your Personal Information at a variety of points, including when you place an order through our eCommerce provider Solid Trust Pay, register software, request services or take part in other activities on our Web site.For example, we often ask for your Personal Information when you are looking to demo our technology, conferring with one of our customer support technicians, downloading a new product or program update, registering your software or purchasing a product.During these interactions, we will collect Personal Information relevant to your transacting with CWA, Inc, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, e-mail address and credit card information, or when you are doing a demo your information about the CWA, Inc products you own or use, such as the activation code or key code, date of purchase and information relating to a support issue.

Additionally, CWA, Inc gathers general information about visits to our Web site and stores this information in log files.This information is stored in anonymous profiles and is not associated with a user's account.This information includes the number of total visits to our Web site, and which browser is used to view our Web site, including the version number.No Personal Information is contained in this data. CWA, Inc uses this information to understand traffic and downloads on our Web site, enabling us to improve the site, provide the best online experience possible and improve our ability to serve our customers.

CWA, Inc is committed to protecting your privacy. CWA, Inc will not, under any circumstances, rent or sell your Personal Information nor does CWA, Inc trade or exchange mailing lists with any other organization.Furthermore, CWA, Inc only shares your Personal Information with our contractors that assist us in our efforts to fulfill our obligations to you, and then only with partners that commit to adhere to the same level of commitment as CWA, Inc to protect your privacy and data. CWA, Inc. maintains this information; but we may disclose your Personal Information to third parties if we believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of CWA, Inc.; (3) enforce the CWA, Inc. Terms of Service Agreement; or (4) protect the safety of any individual or the general public.

CWA, Inc. may have an optional e-mail service for customers who wish to periodically receive promotional information, such as general product, service and CWA, Inc. news. Customers are provided the option to opt-out within each e-mail. If you no longer wish to receive CWA, Inc. communications, you may "unsubscribe" from our mailing program at any time in the following ways:

CWA, Inc. carefully maintains our customer database in an effort to keep your Personal Information accurate for the purposes for which it is used. It is your right to be able to update your Personal Information as needed. You can correct out-of-date information, update information, remove information or review any information previously provided to CWA, Inc. by contacting our customer support department via FAX at 1-559-765-4987, via direct mail to CWA, Inc., 777 Minnewawa Ave. Suite 3 Clovis, CA 93612 USA or e-mail to: cs@cyberwealth7.net or via our online ticketed support system: http://www.cyberwealth7.com/support.php Please note, however, we may retain certain information relating to software licensing and your information may also be retained in our archives. When contacting our customer service, we will verify your identification through the use of security questions before sharing any Personal Information as it appears in our customer database.

CWA, Inc. has security measures in place, such as the following, to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your Personal Information in our customer database. Personal Information provided to CWA, Inc. is stored in secure facilities with access restricted to authorized personnel only. We have put in place a series of access-control procedures required for retrieval of personal information. The CWA, Inc. Cyber Wealth 7 Web site is regularly tested for security breaches to protect against unauthorized viewing of Personal Information.

CWA, Inc. DOES NOT store credit card information. If you choose to purchase the software online using a credit card, the credit card information is sent to solid Trust Pay using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption, an industry-standard method for protecting data as it travels over the Internet. If at any time you would like to make a purchase but do not want to provide your credit card information online, follow the "Customer Service" link in the shopping cart checkout page. There you will find information for placing your order via phone, fax, or regular mail.
