> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the freshideastudio.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181215125834id_/http%3A//freshideastudio.com/disclosure) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DISCLOSURE - Fresh Idea Studio

Disclosure and Privacy policy

Fresh Idea Studio (FIS) is a Lifestyle website, written by Fresh Idea Studio’s founder and editor, Therese Feeman . FIS offers a creative outlet and chronicle of personal DIY projects, decorating inspiration, crafts, recipes and favorite finds as told solely from the perspective of the owner-author.

Many of my posts contain affiliate links.  If you click on an affiliate link and buy something, I may receive a very small % as a commission.  It does NOT cost you anything extra or result in additional charges to you in any way. Mentions of associated products/services/businesses within the content of Fresh Idea Studio may or may not be noted as an affiliate in every reference.  Special Note: the affiliate money I earn per month helps pay the fees to keep this site up and running. Thank you so much for your support!

I am a participant in the [Amazon](http://www.amazon.com/) Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.

All advertising in the form of advertisements on Fresh Idea Studio are generated by a third party ad network.  Those advertisements are paid advertisements.  This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

At times, I am compensated to provide my opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics.  Even though I may receive compensation for posts or advertisements, I always give my honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products.  The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely my own.  Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

**Privacy Policy**

If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact me by email at Therese@FreshIdeaStudio.com.  The privacy of Fresh Idea Studio’s visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by freshideastudio.com and how it is used.

**Log Files**  
Like many other Web sites, freshideastudio.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.

**Cookies and Web Beacons**  
freshideastudio.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages users access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.

**DoubleClick DART Cookie**

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on freshideastudio.com.  Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to freshideastudio.com and other sites on the Internet.  Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html>.  Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include: Google Adsense, The Blogger Network, Commission Junction, Linkshare, [Amazon](http://www.amazon.com/) and SocialSpark.

These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on freshideastudio.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.

freshideastudio.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

Please consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. freshideastudio.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, other advertisers or web sites.

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.

I am not responsible for republished content from this blog on other blogs or websites without my permission.

This privacy policy is subject to change without notice and was last updated on November 1,2015. If you have any questions feel free to contact me by emailing Therese@FreshIdeaStudio.com.

**COMMENTS**

Sharing of ideas is what Fresh Idea Studio is all about. Kind comments and constructive input are always welcome and an important part of our “Focus on the Positive” approach. If for some reason, an inappropriate comment is made on this site, it will be deleted. As the author, Therese reserves the right to edit, delete, or not publish a particular item. Any comment to advertise or spam will be deleted or blocked.

**WITH RESPECT TO YOUR PRIVACY**  
When you join Fresh Idea Studio and subscribe you receive new posts in your inbox as soon as they’re published. I am honored when my readers subscribe and I promise never to share, trade, sell, deliver, reveal, publicize, or market your email address in any way, shape, or form. Ever.

**Featuring Others**

At FIS, I often feature others, their content, photos, and/or links.  Link backs to the original source are included when known.  On occasion, FIS may feature other bloggers and/or others’ projects.  Credit and a link back is always (if possible) given to the original source.  Authors of content are always informed about on behalf of Fresh Idea Studio but if you are not comfortable being featured please let us know so we can fix it.

**Featuring FIS**  
You are welcome to link to this blog and to  _discuss_  its contents in a respectful, positive manner and you have my permission to use  _a single picture_  with brief description from FIS, but you must include a link back to [Fresh Idea Studio.com](http://freshideastudio.com/blog).

 However, you **may not duplicate, copy, or reproduce any photographs, articles, or material on this blog without my permission.  **You are not authorized to use this content for personal profit. Unauthorized copying, reproduction, modification, republishing, duplicating, uploading, posting, or transmitting any material on this blog is prohibited.

**All material is copyright protected. All rights reserved.**

Changing Terms  
The author/owner reserves the right to modify, change, or add to these policies at any time.

Find more information regarding [PR/Advertising](http://freshideastudio.com/disclosure/pr-and-advertising/).

Please email [Therese@FreshIdeaStudio.com](mailto:Therese@FreshIdeaStudio.com) with any inquiries regarding FIS policies.

Connect with me on  [Facebook](http://on.fb.me/18ytcVj "FIS on Facebook")   [Pinterest](http://bit.ly/16lRGyT "FIS on Pinterest")   [Instagram](http://bit.ly/16J9jez "FIS on Instagram")  [Periscope](http://bit.ly/1Jyujkf)  [Twitter](http://bit.ly/1LXweRq)
