> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the freudenberg.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-07-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170715105223id_/https%3A//www.freudenberg.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Freudenberg - Privacy Policy

The Freudenberg Group is pleased to welcome you to this portal website and we appreciate your interest in the companies of the Freudenberg Group. The protection of your personal data is very important to us.  A website in the Internet is a telemedia service. According to section 13 paragraph 1 of the Telemedia Act (TMG), the service provider is obliged to inform users in a generally understandable form regarding the type, scope and purposes of the collection and use of their personal data, as well as regarding the processing of their data in countries outside of the EU/EEA when they begin using the service. This notification is given by means of this Privacy Policy.

The operator of the website freudenberg.com and therefore the service provider is Freudenberg SE.

The purpose of the data processing on the website freudenberg.com is to operate a web portal site for the companies of the Freudenberg Group with information about the Group, as well as the goods and services which it offers. For this reason, various links to websites of the individual Freudenberg companies are provided on our pages and you may be redirected to these sites depending on the information you are looking for. In this case, the service provider is then the Freudenberg company that operates the respective company website and the privacy policy of that website will apply to your visit.

You can find our contact information at the end of this statement in case you have any questions or concerns regarding our handling of your personal data. 

 **What data is collected?  **  
We collect information when you visit and use our website. When you use our website, technical data such as the IP address of your network, the date, time, time zone and status of the requested file, information about the web page from which you arrived at our page, your browser type and the version of your operating system are sent to us for a limited period. 

 **How is your personal data used?  **  
The data collected during your use of our website is used exclusively for the technical administration of the website and for statistical purposes. This information helps us to better satisfy your information needs and to continually optimize our website.

 **When and to whom is your personal data transmitted?  **  
Your personal data is transmitted by us to third parties only to the extent that a legal justification exists or your permission has been granted.

 **Cookies  **  
We save information on your PC in the form of “cookies” for the purpose of web analysis. When you visit our website, you agree to the use and saving of cookies on your device.

Cookies are small text files that frequently contain a unique identifier and are saved on your hard drive by a web server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server of the domain that saved the cookie. Cookies often consist of a series of numbers and letters that uniquely identify your computer but may also contain other information. 

Some cookies are only saved for the duration of your visit to our website (known as “session cookies”). Other cookies may remain stored on your computer after your visit, and our website can access them every time you visit our websites again (known as “ID cookies”). Some cookies that are saved during your visit to our websites can be saved and accessed by other companies. 

You can control whether cookies are saved at all via the security settings of your browser by choosing not to accept any cookies, or to be asked before accepting a cookie, or by specifying that cookies should be deleted every time you close your browser. Please note that this may limit your ability to use certain services or the website and that certain services or parts of the website only function correctly in connection with the saving of cookies.

 **Google Analytics  **  
This site uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files that are saved on the user’s computer and allow analysis of the use of the website. The information about the use of the website by the user that is generated by the cookie is generally transmitted to a server of Google in the USA and saved there. 

Google will use this information to analyze your use of the website in order to compile reports on website activities for the website operator and to provide additional services associated with the use of the website and the Internet. 

The IP address transmitted by your browser in connection with Google Analytics will not be merged with other data by Google. You can prevent the saving of cookies by configuring a corresponding setting in your browser software; however, please note that in this case you may not be able to make full use of all functions of this website. 

 **Opt-out plug-in  **  
You can also prevent the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) from being sent to Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: 

<https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>

 **Opt-out cookie**

As an alternative to the browser add-on, you can prevent the future collection of data by Google Analytics here (the opt-out applies only in the same browser and only for this domain). This saves an opt-out cookie on your device. If you delete the cookies in your browser, you must click on this link again.

 **AnonymizeIp  **  
Due to the discussion surrounding the use of analysis tools with complete IP addresses, we would like to inform you that, in order to prevent direct association with an individual, further processing of IP addresses on this website is only performed in an abbreviated form because we use Google Analytics with the extension “_anonymizeIp()”. This ensures anonymous collection of IP addresses by means of what is known as “IP masking” and prevents direct association with an individual person. 

 **Contact form**  
The data entered by you in the contact form is used exclusively for our correspondence with you. Your data is not shared with third parties.

 **Your rights and your contact with us  **  
According to sections 6 and 34 of the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG), you have the right to receive information at no charge regarding the personal data we have saved about you. You also have the right to have your data corrected if it is incorrect and to demand the deletion or blocking of your data when it is no longer needed. You can opt out of the use of your data for advertising and market research purposes at any time. 

You can exercise these rights with respect to Freudenberg SE by contacting us directly at datenschutz@freudenberg.com. You can also send your request for information to us in writing: 

Freudenberg SE   
Höhnerweg 2-4   
D-69469 Weinheim 

If you wish to direct data privacy inquiries to another company of the Freudenberg Group, we request that you address these directly to the particular company. If necessary, we will be glad to provide you with the contact information or forward your inquiry. However, please do not send sensitive content by email.
