> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lessthan3.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150629030407id_/http%3A//blog.lessthan3.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | LessThan3

LessThan3, LLC (“LessThan3”, “LessThan3.com” “we”, “us” or “our”) recognizes that the users of LessThan3.com value their privacy and we take your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy (as defined below) explains our privacy practices, including what types of information we collect from you and how we may use it, our rights to share and disclose such information to third parties and how you can review and modify information that you provide to us and your preferences regarding our use or disclosure of such information. 

This is the privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) for www.LessThan3.com (the “Site”) on or through the desktop and mobile software applications made available by LessThan3. The Site is provided by LessThan3 LLC and its affiliates (“LessThan3″, “we” or “us”). Please review our Conditions of Use Agreement which governs your use of the Site. Any capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the Conditions of Use Agreement. 

This Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect, even if your use of or participation in the Site or any particular service, feature, function or promotional activity offered through the Site terminates, expires, ceases, is suspended or deactivated for any reason. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not participate in the Site or any features, activities or services offered through the Site. 

This Privacy Policy applies regardless of the device or method by which you use to access the Site and whether you are accessing the Site as a registered user or otherwise. This Privacy Policy governs only the Information collected by us on the Site and does not cover any other information collected in any other manner or collected by any other entity, unless specifically stated. We may combine your Information (defined herein below) with other information we collect from other sources, such as information received from our affiliated companies, marketing companies or advertisers and, if we do so, our use of the resulting combined Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy. 

LessThan3 complies with the privacy laws and regulations of the United States of America. LessThan3 makes no representation that this Site is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of other nations, or that the Site or any part thereof is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Site do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. By using this Site, visitors from outside of the United States of America acknowledge this Site is subject to the laws and regulations of the United States of America, and waive any claims that may arise under their own national laws. 

You may choose to provide certain information to us when you use the Site. When we use the term “Personal Information” we mean any information that we collect on the Site that would allow someone to identify you or contact you, such as your full name, address, e-mail address or telephone number as well as various transaction related information, such as billing address and credit card number or other payment information. When we use the term “Additional Information”, we mean any information that we collect on the Site other than Personal Information, like your musical preferences, pages visited, etc. (Personal Information and Additional Information will be collectively referred to as “Information”). By visiting, accessing or otherwise using the Site, you affirmatively consent to our collection and use of Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. 

If you elect to establish an account and become a registered user of the Site, we may require you to provide a username and password (together, your “User ID”), along with certain Personal Information including your email address and date of birth. In addition, you may be given the option (but are not required) to provide Additional Information, such as your gender, country and mobile phone number. 

Functions and Communications. The Site may provide you with access to certain features or functions, such as interactive and community features, message boards, ratings and profile pages. To participate in these features and functions, you may be asked to provide certain Information about you in order to personalize and/or allow you to use these features and functions. For example, in order to personalize your user profile on the Site, you may have the option to provide a profile image, your city, state and country and a short description of yourself. At times, you may be presented with the opportunity to sign up to receive newsletters, email communications, or other communications from us in order for us to provide up-to-date information about the Site, and to publicize and promote certain content, products and services offered by us or our business partners. When there is a separate sign-up for newsletters, we may ask for your contact information such as name and email address, and, sometimes, demographic and profile information. 

To participate in certain Site-related contests, sweepstakes and surveys, there may be a separate registration process, which may require the submission of both Personal Information and Additional Information (including your full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, demographic or profile information, etc.). We will use the Information you provide for the purpose of conducting the promotion (for example, to contact you if you have won). You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to receive special promotions or offers from our advertisers as a result of your use of the Site. 

Our Site includes features that automatically collect Additional Information regarding your visits to the Site to assist us in keeping track of your preferences, create a more tailored user experience and better serve your particular interests and needs. 

The Site and/or third parties may use “cookies,” (which are small data files containing information about you that is stored on your hard drive), “embedded scripts”, and other similar tracking technologies (collectively, “Tracking Technologies”) to collect Additional Information automatically as you interact with the Site. Some cookies are used to make login to our Site easier (such as by remembering your User ID). Cookies also enable us to track your interaction with the Site and target your interests to enhance your Site experience (e.g., for tracking your sessions and use of the playbar, what videos you have in your playbar, etc.). We may also use Tracking Technologies to collect “clickstream” data, such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average time spent on our Site, pages viewed, content searched for, access times and other relevant statistics, and assign unique identifiers to the Device you use to access the Site for the same purposes. Your Personal Information is not collected as part of this process. However, we may associate the information obtained through these Tracking Technologies with your Personal Information so we can better customize your Site experience and provide tailored advertisements and promotions related to your specific interests. By visiting the Site, whether as a registered user or otherwise, you acknowledge, understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the Site as described in this Privacy Policy. 

This Site may also use a variety of third party advertising networks, data exchanges, traffic measurement service providers, marketing analytics service providers and other third parties (collectively, “Third Party Advertising Service Providers”) to, for example, serve advertisements on the Site, facilitate targeting of advertisements and/or measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic on the Site. Such services may enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the Site and other websites you have visited. Targeting services enable us to, among other things, help deliver advertisements or other content to you for products and services that you might be interested in, to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you. The advertisements appearing on this Site may be delivered to you by our third party advertising partners. In the course of serving advertisements to this Site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Non Personal Identification about your visits to this Site, such as number of times you have viewed an advertisement, may be used to serve ads to you. 

We may use your Personal Information for many purposes, including, without limitation, the following:  
Contacting you regarding the administration of any features or functions of the Site you have registered to use;  
Sending you marketing and promotional e-mails;  
Allowing you to participate in the community features of the Site;  
Responding to your questions or other requests;  
Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site; Tracking your use of the service, including without limitation, tracking your access, streaming and downloads of music for the purpose of paying royalties and license fees to third party providers (such as record labels and other copyright holders and content distributors);  
Delivering the products and services that you have requested;  
Making available to you, and billing you for, your access to LessThan3.com’s service (including, without limitation, verifying the authorization of your credit card or other payment method before any individual purchase of products or music or subscriptions);  
Saving your User ID or other Personal Information (so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site); and  
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide us with the Personal Information. 

In addition, we may use the Additional Information for many purposes, including, without limitation, the following:  
Tracking your return visits to the Site;  
For research purposes, for marketing/promotional purposes and/or to provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients;  
Accumulating and reporting aggregate, statistical information in connection with the Site and user activity;  
Determining which features and services users like best to help us operate the Site, enhance and improve our services and the Site and display advertising and marketing information;  
Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site;  
Saving certain Additional Information for use on your return visits to the Site;  
For the uses described for “Personal Information” above; and  
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide us with the Additional Information. 

This Site may offer merchandise and/or ticket purchase services, which may be offered by us or by one of our e-commerce partners. To the extent the merchandise and/or ticket purchase services are offered by one of our e-commerce partners, such e-commerce partner will be collecting and using the Personal Information you provide. When you provide Personal Information to one of our Site’s e-commerce partners, vendors or advertisers, this transaction will occur in connection with the site of the e-commerce partner, vendor or advertiser, not on the Site, and, as such, the Personal Information you provide is collected pursuant to and controlled by the privacy policy of such e-commerce partner, vendor or advertiser. LessThan3 is not responsible for such parties’ privacy policies and we encourage you to familiarize yourself with the applicable privacy policy of the e-commerce site with which you transact business or to contact the operator of such site for more information. Please be aware that at times, at the request of or on behalf of our e-commerce partners, vendors or advertisers, LessThan3 may “pre-populate” forms with your Personal Information for your review, and, if you so choose, for submission to such e-commerce partners, vendors or advertisers. Accordingly, we encourage you to review each pre-populated form carefully before agreeing to submit your Personal Information to determine who is seeking to collect your information, and to familiarize yourself with the applicable privacy policy governing use of any Personal Information collected about you. 

To the extent LessThan3 is the entity offering the purchase services, when you make a purchase through the Site, we may collect your credit card number or other payment account number (for example, your PayPal account number), billing address and other information related to such purchase (collectively, “Payment Information”) from you. We will use the Payment Information that you provide to bill you for your purchase and to fulfill your purchase. By providing your Payment Information, you are authorizing us to give that information to third parties as necessary to confirm and fulfill your order (for example, to process your credit card or payment account number and to send you products you have ordered). We will use your billing address to verify your credit card or other payment information, and we will use your credit card or other payment information to allow you to pay for any products, services or downloads you purchase. 

Additionally, we may use personal information that you provide, or that we learn about you to otherwise improve your use of the Site and the LessThan3 service. We will also use this information to help us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests, and otherwise enhance our service offering for our users. 

Marketing and Promotional Communications. At times, you may be presented with the option of whether to receive certain marketing and promotional communications from us and others that we think will be of interest to you. Recipients of such communications can unsubscribe by either following the specific instructions included in such communications or you may “opt-out” of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us at any time by sending an email to us at info@LessThan3.com detailing your privacy request. Please note, however, that in order to keep you informed about the operation of our Site and related services, we may always send you emails and announcements that are needed for the proper functioning and administration of our Site, including for the purposes described in Section 2 above, in connection with your use of the Site. We may also have features that allow you to submit information, questions or feedback to us. In those instances, we may retain your emails and other information you submit to us for our internal purposes, and to help us to serve you better. 

Generally, we do not sell, rent, lease or disclose your Personal Information to third parties, except if you consent to such disclosure or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to use and/or sell any aggregated data we collect in connection with your use of the Site, including for the purposes described in Section 2 above. We may disclose Personal Information to our affiliated companies for marketing and/or administrative purposes. You can choose to opt-out of certain such uses as described in Section 3 above. We may share Additional Information with third parties, but we do not disclose Personal Information to them except as described in this Privacy Policy. 

The Site may offer co-branded services and features, such as events and promotions provided by us and/or our affiliated companies or other third party partners, and that may be hosted on the Site and/or our co-branded partner’s website. We may share your Personal Information with such co-branded partners and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and give your affirmative consent to both the Site and our co-branded partners to collect any information provided in connection with the specific co-branded feature or service and to use such information for the fulfillment of the feature or service and for marketing or administrative purposes. The co-branded partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service, along with the co-branded partner’s privacy policy. If you wish to opt-out of a co-branded partner’s future use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, you will need to contact the co-branded partner directly and the use of such information by co-branded partner is subject to co-branded partner’s privacy policy. 

Certain Personal Information associated with a User Posting may be intended for disclosure, such as your username. We will disclose any such Personal Information in connection with the display of, and other services relating to, such User Posting and by submitting a User Posting on our Site you affirmatively consent to the distribution of your Personal Information as described herein. 

We also have the right to disclose your Personal Information and other information to third parties for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Site’s services, features, functions and operations. We will refer to these third parties as “Site service providers”. We use Site service providers to efficiently provide the full range of content, activities, services, features and functions we bring you and we disclose your Information to Site service providers for the purpose of providing services to us. These Site service providers may temporarily store some information on their servers, but they may only use your Personal Information to provide LessThan3 with a specific service and not for any other purpose. 

Other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we do not share your Personal Information with other third parties, apart from those acting as our agents in providing our Site to you, and which agree to use it only for that purpose and to keep the information secure and confidential. Also, please be aware that our affiliated companies, including all their respective business units, subsidiaries, affiliates and sites, entities into which our companies may be merged, or entities to which any of our assets, products, sites or operations may be transferred, may obtain from us and be able to use your Personal Information. 

There may be instances when LessThan3 may access or disclose Information without providing you a choice in the following circumstances: (1) to protect or defend the legal rights or property of LessThan3, our affiliated companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (2) to protect the safety and security of our Site and users; (3) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (4) if we believe your actions violate the Conditions of Use Agreement, this Privacy Policy, Purchase Policy, any Rules and/or Additional Terms; or (5) to comply with law or legal process. In addition, if LessThan3 sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of all or a material part of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, LessThan3 may transfer your Personal Information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. 

By accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy, you expressly choose to receive certain communications from us and certain third parties, and you expressly agree to the privacy practices described herein. You may change your privacy preferences (e.g., choose to cease receiving certain communications or ask us not to share your Personal Information with a particular third party) by sending an email to us at info@LessThan3.com detailing your privacy request. Other privacy preferences (e.g., hiding your user profile or deactivating your user account) may be made by modifying your account settings on the Site. Except as described in this Privacy Policy, LessThan3 will get your permission before we use the Personal Information you provide to us in a way that is inconsistent with the purpose for which it was submitted or share your Personal Information with third parties that are not affiliated with LessThan3. If you ask LessThan3 to stop using your Personal Information, we will honor that request while retaining a record of any Personal Information as necessary to comply with applicable federal, state or local law. You always have the right to access and correct the Personal Information you have provided and generally you may review, update or delete certain Information collected by the Site at any time by accessing your account as described in this Section 5. 

The LessThan3.com service is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from U.S. children under 13 without appropriate parental notice and consent. Please visit http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec08.shtm for information from the Federal Trade Commission about protecting children’s privacy online. If you are under 18, you may only use the LessThan3 service if you have obtained the consent of your parent(s) or other legal guardian. By using the LessThan3 service, you warrant that you have obtained such consent and your parent or guardian must agree to the Privacy Policy and Conditions of Use. 

While no server, computer, or communications network or system, or data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure from intrusion, we maintain commercially reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Information. However, regardless of our efforts and the Device you use to access the Site, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission. We also limit access to the Site by our own employees, contractors, Site service providers and those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information. We request that our third party contractors and Site service providers follow similar standards of security and confidentiality. 

If you are a resident of the State of New York we provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options such as your right to opt-out (which we may sometimes refer to as “unsubscribe”) or opt-in for use of your Personal Information by third parties (such as advertisers) for marketing purposes. Therefore, pursuant to the New York Civil Code, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information for marketing purposes during the preceding year. If you are a New York resident and wish to request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices, please send a request by email to our Privacy Administrator at info@LessThan3.com. 

All requests must be labeled “Your New York Privacy Rights” on the email subject line or envelope or post card. For all requests, please clearly state that the request is related to “Your New York Privacy Rights”, include your name, street address, city, state, zip code and e-mail address (your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email) and indicate your preference on how our response to your request should be sent (email or postal mail). We will not accept requests via the telephone or by fax. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information. 

The Site may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies. The Site may also feature advertisements from other third parties. LessThan3 is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites or other services operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with the Site or for the privacy practices of third party Internet advertising companies. Once you leave this Site via such a link, access a third party application (such as widgets) or click on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site to determine, among other things, how they will handle any personally identifiable or other information that they may collect from you. 

From time to time we may modify this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our Information collection and use practices, the features of the Site, or technology, and such modifications shall be effective upon posting. Your continued use of the Site after we post a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. If we materially change our practices regarding collection or use of your Personal Information, your Personal Information will continue to be governed by the Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of, and have not objected to, the change. 

It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful and accurate information, including Personal Information, and to keep such information up to date. We cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate, truthful or complete information or Personal Information or you fail to update such information or Personal Information. We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false, fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. 

If you have any questions about our privacy practices or any of the terms or conditions of this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at: privacy@LessThan3.com 

This document is the sole statement of the Site’s Privacy Policy and no summary, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, including, without limitation, machine-generated, is valid. 

Copyright © 2010 LessThan3, LLC  

