> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the testfreaks.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2008-05-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080517003320id_/http%3A//www.testfreaks.co.uk/info/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy & Terms of Use

TestFreaks.com (this "Site") is owned and operated by Wiral Internet Group and TestFreaks (TestFreaks" or "we"). This Privacy Policy provides information about TestFreaks's collection and use of certain information, including Personal identifiable Information, about its users obtained by TestFreaks via this Site only. "Personal Identifiable Information" is specific information about users that enables TestFreaks to identify you, such as your name, e-mail address and/or home address. BEFORE UTILIZING THIS SITE, BROWSING THIS SITE, SUBMITTING ANY INFORMATION VIA THIS SITE AND/OR USING ANY SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS SITE, PLEASE READ ALL OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TESTFREAKS.COM USER AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING ANY AREAS OF THIS SITE, USERS ("USERS" OR "YOU") AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND AND TO ABIDE BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE AGREEMENT AND THIS PRIVACY POLICY. We are committed to working to protect the privacy and security of the information we may gather about you, and we will endeavor to use and share that information carefully and sensibly.

**A SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN**  
This Site is not designed or intended for use by children under 13 years of age. Although children's products and/or services my be referenced on this Site, this site is intended for use by adults. If you are under 18 years of age, you should use this Site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. Children under 13 years of age may not submit any Personally Identifiable Information to us. If we discover that we have inadvertently gathered any such information from a child under 13 years of age, we will take appropriate steps to delete it.

**HOW INFORMATION IS COLLECTED**  
The information we learn from Users helps us personalize and continually improve this Site. Below are the general types of information we gather. Information You Give Us In general, you may visit this Site without providing any Personally Identifiable Information about yourself, except as otherwise stated, unless you choose to provide such information. For example, you are not required to but you may choose to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information if you submit questions or comments, answer or respond to surveys or reviews, save your products or research, utilize certain on-line services or participate in certain online activities. Information Gathered Automatically We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies" to obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses this Site. Briefly, "cookies" are small files that we transfer to your computer's hard drive or your Web browser memory to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide convenience and other features to you. Examples of the information we collect and analyze in this manner include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; cookie number; your activities on our Site and related services, including the products and/or services you view or search for, as well as the URL you come from and go to next (whether this URL is on our site or not); and products and/or research you have chosen to save. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although, in that case, you may not be able to use certain features or services on the Site.

**HOW INFORMATION IS USED**  
Information that is collected about Users via this Site, including Personally Identifiable Information, is generally used for such purposes as customizing the Site; improving our services; providing you with the features or services requested; and communicating with you if you have authorized such communication. From time to time, TestFreaks may contact you to request feedback on your experience using the Site or to offer special savings or promotions. Aggregate information about U
