> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the remax.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-04-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040401203028id_/http%3A//remax.com/misc/privacy_policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Inside RE/MAX | Privacy Policy

Your privacy is very important to us. RE/MAX International, Inc.'s policy is to respect and protect the privacy of visitors to our web site. The purpose of this privacy policy is to provide you with a description of the type of information we collect and how we use that information. 

RE/MAX International, Inc. Does Not Collect Individually Identifiable Data on Users. We do not collect personally identifiable information on our web site unless you choose to give it to us via an electronic mail message. Even when you choose to give us information, we keep it confidential. When guests visit the remax.com web site, we collect some basic information that does not identify individual users. This includes the amount of traffic visiting the site, which pages are visited and for how long, where the visitors come from, and what ISP they are using. We use the information we collect to improve the quality of our web site, enhance or tailor the information we offer, and make your experience on our site as valuable and efficient as possible. 

Links to Other Web Sites. Please be aware that when you click on links that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to their respective privacy policy. While RE/MAX International supports the protection of privacy on the Internet, RE/MAX International cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any web site. 

Consent to Gather Non-Identifiable Information. By using our web site, you consent to RE/MAX International's collection and use of your information as described in this policy. If RE/MAX International updates this privacy policy, such changes will be posted on this page. So that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it, we recommend that you review this page regularly.
