> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the heo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141102171135id_/http%3A//www.heo.com/dse.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# heo - distribution & wholesale of merchandising, action figures, statues, toys, games, plushes, replica, jewelry from the domains of cinema, TV, comic, anime, music and video games

We are happy to have you as a visitor to our web site and happy for your interest in our products. That is why we take protecting your privacy and the personal data you provide us very seriously. It goes without saying that we abide by the regulations in the German data protection and privacy law. 

In the following we inform you of what data we may collect and what we do with that information. 

**What personal data is collected and processed?**   
We do not require any personal data from you in order for you to visit our web site. We only receive the name of your Internet service provider, the web site from which you are visiting us and the individual pages you visit at our web site. Personal data is only collected and processed when you want to place an order on the web site. 

**For what purpose is personal data collected and processed?**   
Since we are always striving to improve our service offerings in a continuous process, not only for our customers but for our agency as well, the general data listed above is evaluated statistically. In general, when you use one of our services, the only data collected is the data we require to provide the service. When we request additional information, the additional information is voluntary, not mandatory. The personal data is only processed so that we can provide the service requested and protect our own legitimate business interests. 

**Is personal data passed to third parties?**   
We will not disclose, transfer, sell or otherwise market your personal information to other companies or institutions as long as you have not provided an explicit declaration of consent. However, we will disclose and pass on data when required to do so by law or when a court verdict has obligated us to do so. 

**Use of Cookies**   
We use (session)cookies in some areas of our web site. Cookies are used for identification purposes so that we can customize the services we offer you during your visit. We do not use cookies to collect personal data. If you would like to be informed of the use of cookies by your browser, then you should activate the corresponding browser settings. 

**Security**   
We have taken technical and organizational measures to protect the data you have provided us from loss, damage, manipulation and unauthorized access. All our employees and third parties participating in the processing of the data are required to follow the German data privacy and protection laws and to handle such personal data confidentially. 

We reserve the right to change this declaration at any time. It does not form the foundation for any contractual or other formal rights with respect to or on the authority of a party. ©

When problems or questions arise, [contact our data protection officer directly](mailto:privacy@heo.com). 

**Google Analytics**   
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google's collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB. 

You can refuse the use of Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website: Disable Google Analytics

Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or at https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by "gat._anonymizeIp();" to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking). 
