> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pmi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181002222942id_/https%3A//www.pmi.com/privacy-notice) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy at PMI | PMI - Philip Morris International

### Information We Collect and How We Use It

Philip Morris International collects personal information from you (such as your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address) only if you provide it to us. You may choose to do so, for example, by subscribing to receive PMI press releases, by registering on our site to receive E-mail Alerts, or by providing information when you contact us through our "Contact Us" page.

Listed below are the ways we collect personal information about you, the types of information we collect, and how we use it. 

### Contact Us

You may choose to communicate with us through our Contact Us page. We ask for your e-mail address and name in order to reply to your message. 

### Cookies and Similar Technologies

Our Web site uses cookies to collect certain visitor information automatically. To learn more about cookies (including Google analytics cookies) and how we use them, and how you can accept or refuse cookies, please see our Cookie Notice. 

### Information We Share

Philip Morris International does not sell or rent personal information about our Web site visitors. Under certain circumstances, we may share your personal information as described below.

To respond to your questions or concerns, to fulfill your requests, or to share knowledge about an issue, we may share information you provide throughout this Web site with one or more of our affiliates.

We also share information provided by our Web site visitors, or generated by your use of our Web site (or both), with service providers (who may be outside the European Economic Area and Switzerland) that have been retained to perform services on our behalf or on behalf of our affiliates.

In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law, (ii) in response to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.

We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that the transferee uses personal information you have provided through this Web site in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice. 

### Links to Other Sites

This site contains links to other Web sites, some of which are operated by our affiliates and others of which are operated by third parties. We provide these links solely for your convenience and information. These sites may have their own privacy notices, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked Web sites. We are not responsible for the content of these sites, any products or services that may be offered through these sites, or any other use of these sites. 

### Security

We maintain safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration, or destruction of the personal information you provide to us through this Web site. For our E-mail Alerts Service, we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to help protect the information you provide. This Internet encryption standard scrambles data as it travels from your computer to our server. Please note, however, that perfect security does not exist on the Internet. You'll know that you're in a secure area of our Web site when a "lock" icon appears on your screen and the "http" portion of our URL address changes to "https." The "s" stands for "secure." 

### Updates to this Privacy Notice

We may change or update portions of this Privacy Notice at any time and without prior notice to you. Please check back from time to time so you are aware of any changes or updates to the notice. We will indicate the effective date of the notice. 

### How to Contact Us

If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Notice, communicate with us through our Contact Us page or write to us at:

Philip Morris International Management SA   
Corporate Communications  
Avenue de Rhodanie 50  
1007 Lausanne  
Switzerland 
