> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the havasmedia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120524045657id_/http%3A//www.havasmedia.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Havas Media

This website is provided by the Havas Media group of companies (“Havas Media”). We take very seriously the privacy of visitors to this website. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you about the information that we may obtain about you via this website, located at www.havasmedia.com. We ask you to read this privacy policy carefully. By using this website, you agree to this privacy policy and by introducing personal data on this website you agree to the processing of these data which you will be informed about beforehand.

We may change our privacy policy from time to time. We therefore ask you to check it occasionally to ensure that you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you access this website.

## COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY HAVAS MEDIA

### Personal Data:

Personal data is any information that would permit Havas Media to contact you directly and includes, for example, your name, address, telephone/fax number or, e-mail address.  
Havas Media will not collect any personal data about you via this website unless you give it to us.

Therefore, if you do not wish Havas Media to obtain personal data about you via this website, please do not submit it to us.

For example, you may choose to send us personal data about yourself in an email or by completing an online form on this website in order to ask a question, sign up for a newsletter, or to inquire about employment within Havas. We use this information only to contact you to respond to your inquiry, or to fulfill your request for our newsletter as the case may be. Once collected, we will store your personal data for a reasonable time for record keeping purposes.

### Non-Personally Identifiable Data:

Non-personally identifiable data is information that is not sufficient to enable Havas Media to contact you directly, and includes the type of Internet browser you use, the name of your Internet Service Provider, the date and time you access the Havas Media website, and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Havas Media website. Non-personally identifiable data is automatically collected when you access the Havas Media website.

We use this information to help us administer the website, to measure the number of aggregate visitors to the different sections of the website, and to help make the website more useful to visitors.

### Cookies:

We may use cookies to help us administer this website. Cookies are small files that are sent to your web browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. You may set your web browser to notify you of cookie placement requests or to decline cookies completely. You can remove cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file. For more information about cookies please visit <http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/>.

## THIRD PARTY COLLECTION, USE OR TRANSFER

### Website Analytics:

The Havas Media website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how you and other users use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Havas Media website (which may include your IP address, the internet browser and language you use, preferences, the date and hour of your access to the web page and the websites you access after visiting Havas Media website) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Havas Media website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### Third-Party Contractors:

Havas Media may engage third-party contractors to process information collected via this website. We contractually require all third-party contractors to adhere to this privacy policy.

### Business Transfers and Legal Process:

In the event that Havas Media or substantially all of its assets are acquired, information collected on this website will of course be one of the transferred assets.

We may also transfer information to third parties where required to do so by law.

## ACCESS, CORRECTIONS, DELETION AND OBJECTION TO THE USE OF PERSONAL DATA

Under European data protection law you have a right to request access to personal data which are held about you. You also have the right to require any inaccuracies in your information to be corrected, and you can object to the use of personal data or require the deletion of it.

To do so, e-mail us at [privacy@HavasMedia.com](mailto:privacy@havasmedia.com) and we deal with your request.

## COLLECTION OF INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN

Havas Media will not collect any personal data from children under the age of fourteen on this website, unless we are provided with the previous authorization of a parent or legal guardian.

## STORAGE AND SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION

All information collected via Havas Media website is stored on servers located in Spain. Therefore, we have implemented the security measures that are required by the Spanish data protection legislation.

No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## CONTACT HAVAS MEDIA

If you have any questions about Havas Media’s privacy policy, please email us at [privacy@HavasMedia.com](mailto:privacy@havasmedia.com). Alternatively, you may contact us by mail at:

Havas Media  
Attn: Privacy Office  
Dr. Fleming, 17  
08017 Barcelona, Spain

## ADDITIONAL LEGAL INFORMATION

The information on this website is intended to be useful and informative for clients of and investors in Havas Media and its subsidiaries. Havas Media will use reasonable care to ensure that information is accurate at the time it is added on the website. Please note, however, that Havas Media cannot guarantee the information is accurate and it shall not be liable for any losses or damage that anyone may suffer as a result of relying on this information. The information may be changed by Havas Media at any time.

Havas Media does not review or monitor any websites linked to this website and is not responsible for the content of any such linked websites. Your use of such linked websites is at your own risk. In addition, the existence of a link between this website and another website shall not constitute the endorsement by Havas Media (or its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates, or any client of any of the foregoing) of the owner or proprietor of such linked website or of any products or services of such owner or proprietor, nor shall it constitute an endorsement by the owner or proprietor of such linked website of Havas Media, its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates, any client of any of the foregoing, or the products or services of any of the foregoing.

This website does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any securities of Havas Media in the United States of America or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. Users of this website are requested to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. The information set forth on this website must not be distributed in the United States of America, to U.S. persons as defined under the Securities Act of 1933, or to any publications with a general circulation in the United State. Failure to observe the above limitations may constitute a violation of the United States securities laws.

© HAVAS MEDIA 2008  
  
In accordance with laws governing literary and artistic property rights or other similar rights, the reproduction or redistribution of the elements that make up the Havas website, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.

All of the brands cited herein are registered trademarks.  

