> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the haven.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606185613id_/https%3A//www.haven.com/support/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Haven - Privacy Policy

This Privacy Statement sets out how [www.haven.com](http://www.haven.com/) complies with European Union data protection requirements. This applies to the entire web site. Any changes to these policies will be posted on this page.

You can access this Privacy Statement from the bottom of every page by clicking on the appropriate link.

Haven and its subsidiaries are committed to respecting your privacy. We have structured this website so that you can visit a majority of the website without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.

Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

For your protection, we are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and have given all appropriate notifications to the Information Commissioner.

By visiting [www.haven.com](http://www.haven.com/) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.

 **Who we are**

Haven Holidays, Bourne Leisure Ltd, 1 Park Lane, Hemel Hempstead, Herts, HP2 4YL. We are the data controller as defined in the Data Protection Act 1998.

 **Collection and Use of Personal Information**

We use the information submitted on this site to handle booking requests, deliver products and services (i.e. brochures, booking confirmations), communicate with you about bookings, services and promotional offers, update our records and generally maintain your details.

 **Cookies**

A cookie is a piece of text which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, your browser adds that text in a small file. A cookie helps analyse web traffic or logs when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

We, Haven and, on our behalf, Google Analytics use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to our customers needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Denial of a traffic log cookie should not prevent you from using this site.

The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. You can visit all pages of this site without cookies, however, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of [www.haven.com](http://www.haven.com/) useful features and we recommend that you leave them turned on.

If you are using a shared computer and you choose to leave cookies turned on, be sure to log yourself and your details off when you finish using a shared computer.

Below are some examples of how we use cookies to do this:

1\. To gather information which allows us to identify your platform and record sales so we may improve customer experience and identify issues on the site.

2\. To ensure you are provided with correct and useful information during your visit to our site.

3\. To allow you to add items to the basket and proceed through our checkout.

4\. To collect data which allows us to improve our services based on purchases and site usage.

There are three different categories these cookies are split into:

1\. Essential to Site function cookies – these cookies allow you to browse the site, search for holidays and book your holiday online.

2\. Helpful, non intrusive cookies – these help improve your experience on the site

3\. Third Party Cookies – to help us record customer experience and to allow us to test new services, to help us improve the customer journey on the website  


You can choose not to allow cookies in your browser settings, but to be able to purchase from our site you will need to ensure your cookies are enabled. More information on cookies, their use and how to accept or reject them can be found at [www.aboutcookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/).

This website uses Google Analytics Premium, a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited ('Google'). Google Analytics Premium uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website and your current IP address will be transmitted by your browser to and will be stored by Google on servers in the United States and other countries.

 **Google and Google analytics**

On behalf of the operator of this website Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address collected through Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You may also stop the transmission of information generated by the cookies about your use of the website and of your IP address to Google, by downloading and installing the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) add-on available here.

 **IP Tracking**

When you visit our website, we store web server logs which show your IP address, this gives us information such as which pages you looked at, whether the page request was successful or not and which browser you use to view the page. The use of this data is purely for statistical purposes.

 **Data disclosed to third parties**

In order to process your Brochure Request, enquiry, query or online booking, or log in using My Haven Holiday on the What's On App we will need to record your personal details such as your email address in the App. This information may be shared with external companies who carry out work on our behalf.

We only send data to partners processing data for communications on our behalf (i.e. acting as an extension to our team, such as printers, media partners etc) or for analysis purposes as outlined below.

We do sometimes run a few analysis exercises with third parties but the data provided for these purposes is basic and anonymized (e.g. town, postcode), which means that people wouldn’t be able to be identified or contacted by using this information in any way.

From the App, information is shared with third party analytic tools for internal reporting and diagnosing of issues. Only anonmyised data is used in this process.

You can unsubscribe from our email database by clicking on the remove link at the base of each email or by sending an email to [data.protection@haven.com](mailto:data.protection@haven.com).

 **Why data processing is necessary**

To ensure your experience of the Haven What's On App, we need to check your booking location and dates of your break to populate the app with the correct activities for your break. This is why we ask for certain details when you login such as you’re my Haven Holiday account email and password.

 **What if you think we have incorrect information or you would like a copy of the information we hold about you?**

You may request details of personal information, which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. This fee will not exceed £10. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:

 **Data Protection Compliance Officer  
Haven Holidays  
Bourne Leisure Ltd  
1 Park Lane  
Hemel Hempstead  
Herts  
HP2 4YL**  
[data.protection@haven.com](mailto:data.protection@haven.com)

If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or email us as soon as possible to the above address. We will correct any information, which was found to be incorrect promptly.

 **Security**

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

 **What rights consumers have to consent and delete data**

If you log in to the What's On App, using your email address you have registered on My Haven Holiday or under your My Account, you can unsubscribe from our email database by clicking on the remove link at the base of each email we send to you or by sending an email to [data.protection@haven.com](mailto:data.protection@haven.com)

As we do not retain data in the app itself, any requests for deletion of your data would only relate to the website log-in that you use to request brochures, send us queries and book online. You can request deletion of this data by sending a request to the email address above. This means that you will no longer be able to use our online services to request brochures, send enquiries and make bookings.

Data is not shared with third parties and is most definitely not sold on.

 **Other Websites**

Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this Privacy Statement. You should exercise caution and look at the Privacy Statement applicable to the website in question.
