> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nixle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-01-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100111015733id_/http%3A//nixle.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Nixle

|  |   
NIXLE PRIVACY POLICY The information we collect through our Site helps us provide you with information specific to your needs and interests. This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) covers the Nixle website (the “Web Site”) and the Services provided through the Web Site. Please read below to review our Privacy Policy and the types of information we gather through our Site. In this Privacy Policy, “we”, “us”, “our” and other similar references mean Nixle and “you” and “your” and other similar references mean a specific user of the Site. By visiting the Web Site, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Terms defined in the Nixle User Terms of Service [Note - Insert Link to User TOS] (the “User TOS”) have the meanings provided in the User TOS.  
---  
**Contents**  
How Does Nixle Gather and Use Information?   
Will Nixle Disclose The Information It Collects To Outside Parties?  
External Links   
Collection Of Information From Children   
Consent To Processing In The United States   
Your California Privacy Rights   
What Security Procedures Does Nixle Use To Protect Personal Information?   
Modification And Notification Of Changes  
  
**How Does Nixle Gather and Use Information?** **Personal Information You Provide Us.** For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” is any information that identifies you, would enable someone to contact you, or that describes your relationship with Nixle. In order to prevent the introduction of viruses and hackers into the Web Site, we may collect information, such as IP addresses, into a log file to be used to identify potential hackers of the Site. We may record your IP address regardless of whether you are a registered User of our Web Site. In addition, we collect and store Personal Information when you register to use our Web Site, ask a question, complete a form, conduct a transaction, or send us an email. While you are not required to submit any additional information to our Site, if you do not provide the requested information, you may not be able to access or use some of the features and functions of our Site and we may not be able to provide you with certain services. We only request the information necessary for us to provide the Services you have requested, or that we have been requested to collect by the government agencies or not-for-profit entities from whom you have registered to receive Communications For example: 

We may use your e-mail address to send the following types of e-mail messages to you:

**» Updates**. We may send you e-mail account updates, offers for our services, requests for enrollment. 

**» Regularly Scheduled E-mail Newsletters** related to Nixle products or services in which you are enrolled   
   or newsletters that you have elected to receive. 

**» Account Service Information.** We may send you e-mail service notifications that are related to your account(s)   
   or services in which you are enrolled. These include e-mails that provide account information, answer your questions   
   about a product or service, facilitate or confirm a sale, or fulfill a legal or regulatory disclosure requirement. 

**» Communications and Other Optional Messages.** You may also choose to receive other types of e-mail messages   
   from us, including certain Communications or other additional alerts and notifications beyond those noted above. 

If you request to receive Communications via your mobile phone, we request your mobile phone number and will use it to send Communications to you via SMS. If you request to receive geographically-specific Communications (e.g., those related to a specific neighborhood, county, city or state), we request your address or closest cross street to enable Organizations posting messages to the Web Site or sending Communications to Recipients to better understand who is benefitting from those services. 

Nixle uses your Personal Information to respond to your requests, deliver the Services you request, and notify you of updates or other items related to the Services that we think may interest you. 

**If you are a registered User of the Web Site, all Personal Information we have collected about you is displayed in your User Profile. You can correct any errors in this information, or delete or modify this information, through the User Profile.**

**Cookies.** Cookies are pieces of data assigned by a web server that uniquely identify the browser on your PC. Cookies are widely used, and most web browsers are configured initially to accept cookies automatically. Regardless of whether you are a registered user of the Web Site, Nixle attempts to install cookies when a user arrives at our Web Site. Cookies enable our systems to gather information about your navigational patterns through the site. Some of these cookies are a type called “persistent cookies,” that remain in your computer’s memory and identify you whenever you visit our Web Site. These cookies are necessary for the Web Site to “remember” selections you have made and to present you with the same view of the Web Site from visit to visit. Viewers have the option to accept or disable cookies at any time through their browsers. Visit the “help” portion of your browser’s toolbar for more information. If you block or refuse to accept cookies, or delete cookies between visits to the site, you may not be able to access or use certain features or functions of our Web Site. 

**Non-Personally Identifiable Profile Information.** We and our partners may use a combination of information we collect based on your usage of the Web Site and the Services in combination with information collected by and provided to us by third parties to identify content, products or opportunities we believe may be interesting to a Web Site user whose usage falls into a given profile of use. This is commonly known as “behavioral profiling.” We do not connect this type of profile information with your Personal Information. 

**Server Statistics.** We collect general statistics to track user trends on our Web Site. These statistics include hits to our server, the types of browsers used to access our Site, page views, and navigational patterns. This information is collected regardless of whether you are a registered user of our Web Site. The information that is collected in this manner does NOT provide us with any personally identifiable information about our users. It helps us track “where” our users are coming from and “where” they go either within or from our Web Site. This allows us to pinpoint high traffic areas and determine the most effective ways to communicate with our users.  
  
**Will Nixle Disclose The Information It Collects To Outside Parties?** We share the Personal Information we collect from you with the government agencies and/or not-for-profit entities from whom you have elected to receive Communications. These entities use this information to measure the effectiveness of the Nixle service to their constituencies. Our Terms of Service for Agencies restricts those entities from using that information for any commercial purpose. We may provide anonymized (i.e., non-personal) information and/or aggregate statistics about our Recipients, traffic patterns and related Web Site information to reputable third party vendors, but these statistics do not include Personal Information. For example, we may share such anonymized profile information to serve targeted advertising to visitors to our Web Site. **Although this information is anonymized when we release it and does not contain Personal Information, it is possible that third parties may combine this anonymized information with other information they acquire to “de-anonymize” the information.** This “de-anonymization” is possible because of information collected about you by third parties and is not related to the Nixle Services. 

• We may disclose Personal Information we collect from you if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that disclosure is necessary (a) to obey the law or comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates; (b) to protect and defend our rights or property or the rights or property of other users of our Site; or (c) to act in an emergency to protect the personal safety of users of our Site or the public.   
  
**External Links.** Other companies or organizations may have links to their Sites on our Site. We are not responsible for how these other companies or organizations collect, use, disclose, or secure the information that you provide them. If you choose to access a third party Site linked to our Site, you do so at your own risk and subject to any terms of service or privacy policy (if any) associated with such third party Sites.   
**Collection Of Information From Children.** Nixle does not direct any of our content specifically to children, and children under 13 are not authorized to use the Services. We do not knowingly collect or use Personal Information from children under thirteen (13). If we learn that a user is under thirteen (13) years of age, we will promptly delete any Personal Information we have collected about that user. If you are under the age of thirteen (13), please do not send us any information about yourself.  
**Consent To Processing In The United States.** By providing any Personal Information to Nixle, all users, including, without limitation, users in Canada and the member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of such Personal Information across international borders in accordance with Nixle’s standard operations, including the collection, storage, and processing of such information in the United States of America.   
**Your California Privacy Rights.** As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83, a California resident who has provided Personal Information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California customer”) is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of Personal Information, upon receipt of a request by a California customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom Personal Information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of Personal Information that were disclosed. 

However, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing customer’s Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of Personal Information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right. 

As stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure -- typically by opting in to receive information from a third party that is participating in some activity describes on our site. If you do ask us to share your information with a third party for its marketing purposes, we will only share information in connection with that specific activity, as we do not share information with any commercial/for-profit third party on a continual basis. To prevent disclosure of your Personal Information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt in to such use when you provide Personal Information on our site. Please note that whenever you opt in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information. 

California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing [**CaliforniaPrivacy@nixle.com**](mailto:CaliforniaPrivacy@nixle.com). Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address.   
  
**What Security Procedures Does Nixle Use To Protect Personal Information?** We use physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to assist us in preventing unauthorized access, maintaining data accuracy, and correctly using your Personal Information. Except as specified in this Privacy Policy, we use commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to your Personal Information to the employees, agents, and officers of Nixle who need the information for their jobs.   
**Modification And Notification Of Changes.** Nixle may at our sole discretion edit this Privacy Policy. Notice of all changes to the Privacy Policy will be provided as specified in the [**Terms of Service**](https://web.archive.org/web/20100111015733id_/http%3A//nixle.com/termsofservice.html).

If you have questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices please send an email message to [**privacy@nixle.com**](mailto:privacy@nixle.com)
