> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nixon.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160627165516id_/http%3A//www.nixon.com/us/en/privacy-policy/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Nixon Watches and Premium Accessories

### Privacy Policy

#### Privacy Statement

The purpose of this statement is to let you know what information we collect, how we collect it, and under what circumstances we use it. By visiting our Website, you are accepting the practices described in this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use the Website.

#### What happens to the information we collect

The information you give us stays at Nixon and with Nixon partners. We maintain your information in-house at Nixon. If you want to remove your information from our database, please [contact us.](https://web.archive.org/uk/en/support/contact-us.html)

#### Information we collect

_Personal Information:_ We collect and store information that you provide to Nixon.com or our Customer Service Department. When you sign-up for the Nixon Newsletter, open an account, or place an order, we collect and store some or all of the following information that you provide: name, billing address, shipping address, email address, and telephone number. If you choose to unsubscribe from the Nixon Newsletter your email will be removed from our system. If you sign up as a Nixon.com member and you expressly opt-in to receive personalized communications by email, we will use your personal information to create a user profile. In this context we may combine the info you give us online with other information from Nixon sources, transactions and communications collected or processed by any Nixon entity. This may include data from the Nixon.com EU Website, any other Nixon.com websites, from physical Nixon stores, direct mail, on- and offline events, on- and offline contests or online marketing. Once you become a Nixon.com member, the personal information actively submitted by you on a Nixon EU Website and on other Nixon Sites will be registered in the central Nixon database in the USA. If you publicly post about Nixon, or communicate directly with Nixon, on a social media website, we may collect and process the data contained in such posts or in your public profile for the purpose of addressing any customer services requests you may have and to monitor and influence public opinion about Nixon. We will not combine such personal data with data from other Nixon databases.

_Anonymous Information:_ Through your use of our Website, we may also gather certain information that does not identify you individually ("Anonymous Information"). We collect and store certain information automatically whenever you interact with our Website. For example, we collect your IP address, location and browser information every time you visit Nixon.com. We also collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and site usage. This information is used to analyze and improve our Website to give you the best online Nixon experience possible. For more info, please see the "cookies" section below.

#### Use of Personal Information

The personal information actively submitted by you on our Nixon.com EU Website will be used for the purpose for which you have specifically submitted them, such as the execution of your purchase order, participation in a contest, receiving information, etc. We may also use this information, and any info collected by means of cookies to improve our Nixon.com EU Website, to prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our Nixon.com EU Website and to enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions/tasks on our behalf. Please note that we reserve the right to link personal information submitted by you on our Nixon.com EU Website with other personal data about you that Nixon may have obtained via other Nixon Sites or via the Nixon Mobile Applications. Furthermore, we may use any personal information obtained about you via the Nixon.com EU Website to personalize your Nixon site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you or our consumers in general are most interested to learn about, or in the communication with our consumers. We may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law or to protect our or others' rights, property or safety. We may share information to prevent illegal uses of the Nixon.com EU Website or violations of the Terms and Conditions, or defend ourselves against third party claims. We may also share information with companies assisting us in fraud protection and/or investigation. We do not provide this information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.

#### Use of Anonymous Information

We use Anonymous Information to help us determine how people use parts of the Website and who our visitors are. Anonymous Information is used to help us make Nixon.com better for our visitors. We also use Anonymous Information to provide analytic data to third parties about how our users collectively use the Website.

#### Sharing Information with third party processors

For the purpose of operating our business, third parties (e.g. credit card companies, shipping companies, customer service providers) may process your data, however only to the extent this is necessary to conduct Nixon business. We have procedures in place to ensure that these third party companies value your privacy. We do not sell, trade, share or transfer your personal information to any outside parties other than Nixon Group Companies and third party processors.

#### User Content Submissions Terms

You acknowledge that you shall be solely responsible for any information, profiles, messages, text, files, images, photos, video, music, sounds, or other content or materials (“User Content”) that you submit, upload, post or otherwise provide or make available to Nixon, Inc. (“Nixon,” “us,” or “we”) or its vendors, on or through the Nixon website (the “Website”) or otherwise (“Submissions”), including User Content you agree to allow the use of that is on third party companies’ websites, for example Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, Vine, Pinterest and Google+, that are associated with hashtags related to Nixon, including, for example, #Nixon. Nixon expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with Submissions. Such Submissions may be used on the Website and/or on other Nixon marketing materials, including emails, social media and store signage. By making a Submission, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old and that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms. If your Submission is selected by Nixon to be used, it may be displayed for other users to see, together with your name and associated Instagram, Twitter, Facebook or Vine (if applicable) profile information (such as your handle and profile picture). You acknowledge and agree that Nixon is under no obligation to display, feature or use any Submission, but may do so at its sole discretion.

Any Submission will be treated as non-confidential. Any Submission also will be treated as non-proprietary, except as specifically set forth herein. By making a Submission, you hereby grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Nixon, its affiliated entities, vendors and licensees a nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, sell, assign, translate, create derivative works of, distribute, perform and display any Submission, as well as your name, Instagram, Twitter, or Vine handle, Facebook ID, profile picture, image, likeness, comments, posts, statements or other information, in any manner, and in any and all distribution channels, venues, forms, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, alone or as part of other works, without further notice or any compensation to you. You also acknowledge that your Submission may not be returned and we may use your Submission, and any ideas, concepts or know how contained therein, for any purpose including, without limitation, developing, manufacturing, distributing and marketing products. For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your Submissions.

If you make a Submission, you represent and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to make the Submission and to grant to Nixon the license rights contained in these Terms; that any Submission you make will not contain third party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third party proprietary rights, unless you have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions from the rightful owner of the material or are otherwise legally entitled to make the Submission and to grant to Nixon the license rights contained in these Terms; and that your Submission will not infringe or violate the rights of any third parties, including, but not limited to, copyrights, trademarks, rights of publicity/privacy, patent, trade secret or confidentiality. You further represent and warrant that your Submissions comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and any third party agreements to which you are subject, including Instagram’s, Twitter’s, Facebook’s, Vine’s, Pinterest’s and Google+’s Terms of Use.

You further represent and warrant that your Submissions do not constitute or contain software viruses, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of ""spam."" You may not use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead us as to the origin of any Submission. You agree to indemnify Nixon, our vendors, and third parties such as Instagram, LLC, Twitter Inc., Facebook, Inc., Vine Labs, Inc., Pinterest, Inc. and Google Inc. and any of our or their respective parents, affiliates, licensees, licensors, and each of our or their respective officers, directors, employees, successors, agents and assigns, for all claims arising from or in connection with (a) the use of any Submission, including, without limitation, all claims arising out of or based upon copyright or trademark infringement, misappropriation, invasion of privacy, defamation, right of publicity and/or any blurring, alteration, editing, morphing, distortion, illusionary effect, faulty reproduction, fictionalization or use in any composite form of your or any other person's or entity's name, Instagram, Twitter, or Vine handle, Facebook ID, profile picture, image, likeness, comments, posts, statements or other information and/or the Submission; or (b) any breach or alleged breach by you of any of these Terms or applicable laws.

Nixon does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to Submissions your make and such Submissions may be made available to the general public, and may be used by Nixon without restriction. You further irrevocably waive any rights of publicity and privacy, any ""moral rights"" or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding any Submission that you may have under any applicable law or under any legal theory.

Nixon reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to edit any Submission and to choose to include or not include such Submission on the Website or otherwise use the Submission. You acknowledge and agree that all editorial decisions regarding the use of your Submission are solely at Nixon’s discretion, and that Nixon may combine, format, configure and otherwise edit your Submission in its sole discretion. Your hereby waive any right to inspect or approve your Submission before it is used. The Website may include the opinions, statements and other content of third parties. Nixon is not responsible for screening, monitoring or verifying such content, including such content's accuracy, reliability or compliance with copyright or other laws. Any opinions, statements, or other materials made available by third parties through the Website are those of such third parties and not of Nixon, including its licensors and/or vendors, and Nixon does not endorse any such opinions, statements, or materials. Nixon reserves the right to remove Submissions at any time without prior notice.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you hereby release, hold harmless, and forever discharge Nixon from any and all claims, actions, causes of action, demands, rights, damages, costs, and expenses (collectively, “Claims”) arising out of, related to, or in any way connected with the exercise by Dispersive Technologies of the rights granted herein, including, without limitation, any and all Claims for invasion of privacy, infringement of my rights of privacy and/or publicity, infringement of my intellectual property rights, defamation, or portrayal in a false light. If you are a California resident, you waive your rights with respect to California Civil Code Section 1542, which provides “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor,” as well as under any statute or common law principle of similar effect which restricts the release of claims which the releasing party does not know or suspect at the time of the release, which if known would have materially affected the decision to agree to release.

You acknowledge and agree that Nixon has no control over, and shall have no liability for any damages resulting from, the use (including, without limitation, re-publication) or misuse by any third party of any Submission.

#### Use of Cookies 

Nixon’s websites and online services may use “cookies”. Cookies help personalize your experience on Nixon.com, help us remember the pages you have visited, measure the effectiveness of marketing initiatives and identify and resolve errors. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Cookies cannot harm your computer and we do not store personally identifiable information such as credit card details. We may use information gathered from cookies to help improve your experience on Nixon.com, for instance remembering delivery addresses to save you time when placing repeat orders. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. This random number lets us keep track of consumer behavior without knowing who those customers are. We do have relationships with selected suppliers who may also set cookies during your visit to be used for remarketing purposes. Nixon cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for us. Most web browsers have cookies enabled automatically. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers allow you to enable or disable the cookie feature. Please refer to your browser’s help section for specific instructions on how to manage cookies. Because cookies are used throughout our websites, disabling them may prevent you from using certain parts of the site. 

**Cookies used on Nixon.com :**

_1\. Locale cookie_  
This cookie is used purely for Nixon.com DNS and language needs. It allows Nixon to target a specific language/locale, initially based on the geography, but then by user choice. No personal information is collected. 

_2\. Gender cookie_  
This cookie simply retains the users preference for mens or women's products on the site and directs the user to the appropriate gender landing page as their home page. No personal information is collected. 

_3\. Session cookie (used for shopping/checkout)_  
This Java-level cookie is essential to enable you to browse around our websites and use their features. It allows services like shopping baskets, among others, to work on the site. 

_4\. Analytics cookies_  
These cookies are for Google Analytic tracking and solely used to analyze site performance and user behavior. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. 

_5\. 3rd Party Cookies._  
There are several 3rd party cookies that get loaded when using the Nixon site. Cookies from Twitter, Doubleclick, Google and Facebook are the primary cookies that load. Other 3rd party cookies may include other advertising tracking. 

#### Links To Other Websites

Our Website may contain links to other websites. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of other websites and Nixon is not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each website that you visit.

#### Children's Policy

In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please have your parents enter their information when personal information is required.
