> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the expertsfromindia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-01-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100102204202id_/http%3A//www.expertsfromindia.com/privacy-policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy: Offshore Software Development Company

ExpertsFromIndia (EFI) is aware about privacy on the Internet. We believe it is important to know how the information about you, we get from you, via the Internet. EFI can be found on the World Wide Web, without which we say that you are, or without that information about you. Our Web servers collect the domain name, e-mail addresses of visitors. This information is power, the number of visits, the average time spent on the site, the pages visited, etc. EFI uses this information to the use of our site and to improve the content of our Web site. Access to our site constitutes your consent to the possibility of bringing their domain names.

Some time, when we need specific information about your name and address. If the information is necessary, we will try, (but are not required) do for you, namely the date of the survey, as the personal information. Normally, the personal data we collect will only be used by us for your questions to be answered to process an order or access to specific information. Sometimes we make the e-mail address of those who provide information available to other organizations of good reputation, whose products or services that we believe you will find interesting May. In these cases offered an opportunity to limit access to their information. In cases where no response from them, the access to their data so that you get to know the distribution of data, as described above.

If you have EFI on-line services can use this information to give you information about the EFI offerings that the provision of support for your business needs. A technology called "cookies" may be used for specific information. A cookie is a small part of the data that a site may send your browser, you're on your hard drive so that we can to see if you back. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Record EFI with Internet business unit you agree to this kind of cookies. 

Sometimes we conduct online surveys for a better understanding of the needs and profiles of our visitors. If we have a study, we will try to (but not required) so you know how the information is in the collection of information on the Internet. 

You acknowledge and understand that there is no compulsion in which you asked your personal data and all personal data from you to us with their full, by own will and the desire to provide this information. I also understand that they are not obliged to consider the source of this personal information about you we are, and will be provided as before, unless you prove us within fifteen days after the date of transmission of such information to us, to our satisfaction that the information was provided to us without his consent freely. 

EFI site contains links to other sites such as EFI’s partners and affiliates. Everyone tried, links to websites which our high standards and our respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or practices with regard to confidentiality, provided by other websites.
