> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the exploretrip.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190531115103id_/https%3A//www.exploretrip.com/a/et/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ExploreTrip | Flight bookings

Enrollment In order to use certain areas of this Website, you must first complete the enrollment form and we will generate the user name and password for you, if you meet the criteria. During registration you are required to give contact information such as name and email address and other business details. We use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest and to maintain the details with us as your identity.

You have the option to provide additional information to us; we encourage you to submit this information so we can provide you a more personalized experience on our site.

Children’s Privacy No part of ExploreTrip is directed towards persons below the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18 but at least 13 years of age, you may use ExploreTrip only with the involvement of a parent or guardian who agrees to be bound by the Terms and Conditions.

ExploreTrip Advertisers and 3rd Party Websites ExploreTrip website and email may contain links to various other sites. While ExploreTripmakes every effort to ensure that our advertisers post clear and complete Privacy Policies and observe appropriate data practices, each of these sites has a privacy policy that may differ from that of ExploreTrip. The privacy practices of other websites and companies are not covered by this policy.

Except as specifically set forth below, it is our policy not to provide your personally identifiable information to our advertisers unless you make the choice to share it with them. We occasionally pass personally identifiable information via a secure interface to certain of our advertisers for the purpose of making it easier for you to sign up for their offers, however, this information is only to be used by the advertiser if you agree to submit the information to the advertiser for the purposes of completing an offer.

We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.

We may share non-personally identifiable information collected in aggregate, anonymous form with advertisers or other third parties so that they may better evaluate what products and services are most appealing to different segments of our member base. We do not disclose your first name, last name, address, email address, or any other personally identifiable information to these third parties unless you give your express consent.

We occasionally send the information we gather about our Members to trusted third-party data processors to organize, process and /or analyze the data on our behalf. We use this information to enhance our program offerings; namely to tailor advertisements, updates, and offers to your particular interests and to ensure that your opt-out requests are honored. All such third-party data processors are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to ExploreTrip. They are contractually bound to observe the strict policy stated herein, so you can rest assured that the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information will be maintained.
