> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the exploreb2b.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131217113751id_/https%3A//exploreb2b.com/en/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - exploreB2B

### § 1 Preamble

  1. exploreB2B sets the highest requirements for the protection of privacy, data protection and data security. By releasing this data privacy statement exploreB2B wishes to provide the fullest pos-sible information about how it deals with users’ personal data. 

  2. This data privacy statement may be viewed, downloaded, printed and saved at any time from the provider websites by going to www.exploreb2b.de/privacy.

  3. This data privacy statement supplements the exploreB2B terms of service which can be viewed at www.exploreb2b.com/tos.




### § 2 Area of application and responsible body

  1. This data privacy statement governs the way exploreB2B handles personal data of registered users of and non-registered visitors to the websites of exploreB2B. 

  2. The body responsible for data collection, processing and use (the “utilisation of data”) in con-nection with the use of these websites within the meaning of the laws governing data protection is: exploreB2B GmbH, c/o Freie Universität Berlin, Malteserstr. 74-100, 12249 Berlin (hereinaf-ter: exploreB2B). The website’s colophon provides further details regarding the provider.




### § 3 Basis

  1. exploreB2B undertakes to protect the privacy of visitors to and users of the provider websites and to use their personal data exclusively in compliance with the relevant laws governing data protection and this data privacy statement.

  2. The provider’s employees are generally subject to the obligation to maintain data secrecy on the basis of the statutory regulations in force from time to time, including but not limited to the Fed-eral Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz, BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (Tel-emediengesetz, TMG).




### § 4 Utilisation of data when visiting the provider websites

  1. The provider websites may be visited without the visitor being required to provide personal details.

  2. The following data are stored within the scope of initiating and upholding the connection via Internet between the visitor’s accessing computer and the requested computer of exploreB2B: date and time of accessing the site, duration of visit, type of browser, domain accessed, data quantity and accessed data.

  3. To help with the designing and technical realisation of the provider website and for statistical purposes and to aid language recognition, the following cookies are used. Cookies are small text data that are placed on the visitor’s computer. Browser settings may be used to control the way cookies are used. If the browser is set not to accept cookies, access to the provider web-site may be restricted.

  4. Session cookies: these are automatically deleted from the hard disk of the visitor’s com-puter at the end of the browser session. The following data are collected: browser type, operating system, country of origin of the accessing computer.

  5. 24 hour cookie: exploreB2B uses the Mint web analysis tool, which uses a cookie that is valid for a twenty-four hour period to ascertain whether a user has already been on the site during the last twenty-four hours.

  6. 4 week cookie: exploreB2B uses a cookie that activates when a visitor or customer logs in, if they have selected the ‘remember me’ option.It is not possible to trace data back to find out the visitor’s personal data. In particular, IP ad-dresses are never stored. 




### Use of Google Analytics

  1. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Ana-lytics uses “cookies”, text data which are stored on your computer to enable us to analyse your use of the website. The information about your use of this website generated by the cookie is as a rule transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.

  2. exploreB2B has activated the option offered by Google of IP anonymisation on this website. This means that your IP address is shortened by the last 8 bits beforehand by Google within the Member States of the European Union and signatories to the European Economic Area treaty. The full IP ad-dress will be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there only in exceptional cases.

  3. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to analyse your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services to the website operator in connection with the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted from your comput-er in connection with Google Analytics will not be linked with any other data held by Google.

  4. You may prevent cookies from being stored on your computer by using your browser software set-tings, but we would like to draw your attention to the fact that by doing so you may be unable to use all the functions of this website to the full extent.

  5. You may also prevent the data created by the cookie related to your use of the website (including your IP address) from being recorded and transmitted to Google and being processed by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available from this link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.




### § 5 Utilisation of data when registering on the provider websites

  1. Use of the providers’ services requires registration, which requires you voluntarily to provide personal data. By registering a user account, you consent to exploreB2B collecting, processing and using your data.

  2. Registration of free individual membership requires that you provide your surname, first name and e-mail address.

  3. To process contracts subject to a fee for the use of provider services, exploreB2B requires the following details: user’s surname and first name, full postal address and e-mail address, and for businesses the name of the company.

  4.  exploreB2B respects the user’s decision not to consent to this data privacy statement. In this case, however, no contract will be entered into for the use of the provider services and the pro-vider services cannot be used.

  5. Information concerning bank accounts and credit card data are not collected by exploreB2B. They are collected and used if necessary by the participating providers of the online payment procedure themselves. We refer users to the data privacy terms of the relevant provider, to which the user consents.




### § 6 Utilisation of data when using provider services

  1. Non-compulsory details which users may give in their profiles are indicated as such and include date of birth, occupation, education, private contact details and a profile picture. These do not include the compulsory details mentioned in § 5 (2) and (3) hereof.

  2. If users give personal details when using provider services, they do so on a voluntary basis. Such details include but are not limited to details given by users when setting topics, taking part in discussions or communicating with other users.

  3. The user may delete any data provided when registering or using provider services at any time with effect for the future.

  4. Visibility of personal data provided by the user according to these provisions may be restricted for other users or visitors on exploreB2B websites for each individual case.




### § 7 Passing on personal data to third parties

  1. Your personal data will only be passed on to third parties to the extent that complies with your settings on the provider websites.

  2. Your personal data may only be passed on over and above this if there is a legal obligation to do so or to the extent necessary in order for the assertion of rights of exploreB2B, in particular for asserting claims arising from the contractual relationship.




### § 8 Data security

  1. Data transmission via the Internet is encrypted using SSL, depending on the browser either 128 bit SGC SSL or 256 bit SGC SSL.

  2. exploreB2B takes technical and organisational measures to secure its websites and other sys-tems against loss and destruction of, unauthorised access to and modification and distribution of its data by unauthorised persons.




### § 9 Passwords

  1.  Access to your account is only possible with your personal password. You must keep the pass-word secure from access by third parties. You should close the browser window when a com-munication session with exploreB2B is finished, especially if your computer is networked with others.

  2. If you have forgotten your password, it can be sent to you if you use the link “Have you forgotten your password?” If you have any other problems, please get in touch with exploreB2B.

  3. exploreB2B will not divulge your password to any third party and will never ask you what your password is.




### § 10 Correction, blocking or deletion

The person concerned has the right to be given information, free of charge, concerning their stored data and, if necessary, the right to correct, block or delete any such data.

### § 11 Contact person for data privacy

If you have any questions concerning the collection, processing or use of your personal data or re-quests for information or to correct, block or delete data entries or to revoke any consents you have given, please get in touch with:

Jonathan Gebauer  
exploreB2B GmbH   
Marie-Elisabeth-Lüders-Str. 1  
10625 Berlin  
E-Mail: datenschutz@exploreb2b.de

### § 12 Newsletter

  1. If you subscribe to the exploreB2B newsletter, you explicitly consent to the collection and use of the data you provide in connection with the sending of the newsletter.

  2. Your e-mail address, surname and first name are used in connection with the sending of the newsletter. The newsletter contains current articles and contributions and offers by exploreB2B. 

  3. The newsletter may be unsubscribed at any time. If you unsubscribe, exploreB2B will delete the subscription data you provided at once. 




### § 13 Consent and revocation of consent

  1. The user has given the following consent to exploreB2B, if necessary explicitly. exploreB2B has if necessary made a record of this consent. Under the terms of the Telemedia Act, exploreB2B is obliged to keep the content of the consent available for access at all times.

  2. The text of the consent reads: “I am aware of the data privacy statement and agree to its appli-cation.”

  3. The user may revoke this consent at any time with effect for the future.




Status: 30 November 2011
