> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the exploregadgets.net privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160522185420id_/http%3A//www.exploregadgets.net/our-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Explore Gadgets - Our Privacy Policy

Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.

  * Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
  * We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
  * We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
  * We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
  * Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
  * We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
  * We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.



This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
