> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the export.gov privacy policy that was archived on 2019-09-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190912201544id_/https%3A//www.export.gov/Privacy-Statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# export.gov

**Privacy Statement**  
Thank you for visiting the International Trade Administration Web site. We are committed to the privacy of our visitors. We collect no personal information about you when you visit our Web site unless you choose to provide that information to us.  
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our Web site.

 **Cookies**  
To better serve our visitors, we use technology to track new and returning visitors actions while on the website. These small files are commonly referred to as "cookies." Our cookies do not contain any personally-identifiable information. Our web measurement applications compare the behavior of new and returning visitors in the aggregate to help us identify work flows and trends and also resolve common problems on our site.  
Cookies are small files that Web servers place on a user's hard drive. They can serve several functions:

We will retain data the technology makes available only as long as required by law, or specific program need as specified by the National Archives and Records Administration’s General Records Schedule 20, which pertains to Electronic Records or other approved records schedule as applicable.  
If you are concerned about the potential use of the information gathered from your computer by cookies, you can set your browser to prompt you before it accepts a cookie. You can remove or block the use of web measurement and customization technologies by changing the setting of your browser to block cookies as described at [USA.Gov](https://www.usa.gov/optout-instructions).

 **Security Notice**  
 **Information collected and stored automatically:** If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Web site, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store information like the following concerning your visit:

We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors, to learn about the number of visitors to our site, and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.  
 **Information protection:** For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this Government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. If such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act or other law.  
 **Information that you voluntarily provide:** We do not collect personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide it to us. If you provide us with personally identifiable information, for example, by sending an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it through our Web site, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the information and services that you request. All uses of that information are described on the Web page containing the form.  
Submitting voluntary information constitutes your consent to the use of the information for the stated purpose. When you click the "Submit" button on any of the Web forms found on our sites, you are indicating your voluntary consent to use of the information you submit for the purpose stated.  
 **How information is used:** The information we collect is used for a variety of purposes (e.g., to register you for a conference, to respond to requests for information, and to fill orders). We make every effort to disclose clearly how information is used at the point where it is collected so you can determine whether you wish to provide the information.  
 **Retention of Information:** We destroy the information we collect when the purpose for which it was provided has been fulfilled unless we are required to keep it longer by statute or official policy. Electronically submitted information is maintained and destroyed according to the principles of the Federal Records Act and the regulations and records schedules approved by the National Archives and Records Administration, and in some cases information submitted to us may become an agency record and therefore might be subject to a Freedom of Information Act request.  
Also, ITA is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by non-ITA sites that may link to the ITA web site or non-ITA sites hosted on ITA computers (e.g. web sites of professional organizations.  
 **Interaction with children:** This Web site offers some educational content to children under 13. No personally identifiable information is collected from these visitors unless voluntarily submitted as a request for information or services. The information supplied is used to respond to the user's inquiries or to provide services requested by the user.  
 **Links to other sites:** Our Web site contains links to various other federal agencies and private organizations. Once you link to another site, you are then subject to the privacy policies of the new site. It is always a good idea to read the Privacy Policy of any site you visit.  
Your rights under the Privacy Act: Information on the Privacy Act can be found on the following web site: [DoC Privacy Office](http://www.osec.doc.gov/opog/PrivacyAct/PrivacyAct_requests.html).

 **ITA Endorsement Disclaimer Policy**  
Links to websites outside the U.S. Federal Government or the use of trade, firm, or corporation names within ITA websites are for the convenience of the user. Such use does not constitute an official endorsement or approval by the International Trade Administration or U.S. Commerce Department of any private sector website, product, or service. For more information, please review our [full endorsement policy](https://www.trade.gov/endorse.asp).

 **Third Party Websites and Applications**  
The ITA has a presence on several social media/Web 2.0 platforms (Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn, and other third-party services)) and clearly contain the ITA’s official logo. Each of these web sites provides the ITA unique ways of sharing information. It also allows visitors with a way to communicate with the agency. Some may allow visitors to log in, create profiles and save information in those profiles. We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you through your use of these social media/Web 2.0 platforms. We may collect public information, such as user/screen name, city, state, and zip code of visitors to these web sites, and comments posted about the ITA for statistical, research, and promotional purposes only. Further, the ITA has no control over the third-party’s use of this information and is not liable regarding the third-party’s safeguarding your information. These web sites have their own privacy, security and accessibility policies.
