> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hucknroll.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-01-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110120205956id_/http%3A//www.hucknroll.com/mountainbike/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hucknroll.com | Privacy Policy from Hucknroll.com

| 

## Your Personal Information

HucknRoll does not sell, rent or provide your "Personal Information" to third parties, except as described below. Personal Information as used herein refers to data and facts about you which include, but are not limited to, your name, age, address, email address, financial information (account or credit card numbers), income level, phone number, etc. Personal Information is personal to you in that belongs to you and identifies who you are. There are a variety of pathways, electronic and otherwise, by which any singe element of these data can point to you personally. Personal Information does NOT include your IP Address as defined below. Personal Information is generally kept for HucknRoll business which is primarily used to assist you in your current or future purchases or in analyzing sales trends.

Personal Information is primarily gathered from an order form where customers request information, products and services. Personal Information that is collected by HucknRoll is used to bill the user for products and services, and to ship those products. Personal Information from the order form is used to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. Personal Information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by following the directions in those mailings.

HucknRoll sometimes uses online surveys which ask visitors for Personal Information which usually includes contact information (typically the customer's email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use Personal Information gathered from our surveys to send the user promotional material from HucknRoll. HucknRoll periodically runs contests on our site in which we ask visitors for selected Personal Information such as contact information (typically the customer's email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use Personal Information gathered from our contests to send users promotional material from HucknRoll and at times, to some of our partners. The customer's Personal Information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary (i.e. when someone wins a contest.). Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.

Personal Information is gathered by HucknRoll for the sole benefit of HucknRoll, with the exception of Bill Me Later. If you choose to enroll in Bill Me Later, then we will share your email address with Bill Me Later in order to facilitate the enrollment process. In accordance with Bill Me Later's Privacy Policy, your information will be strictly protected and you may opt out of any promotional email communications at any time by logging into your Bill Me Later account. Please be aware that signing up for the Bill Me Later payment option automatically subscribes you to a weekly Bill Me Later marketing email as stated in the Bill Me Later Privacy Policies. If you enroll in Bill Me Later but do not wish to receive promotional messages from Bill Me Later, you should opt out by logging into your Bill Me Later account.

## Cookies And IP Addresses

HucknRoll also collects, uses, and monetizes IP Addresses. An IP Address is a convention of the Internet Protocol that identifies your "virtual" address on the internet. This IP Address is not personal to you and does not identify any of your Personal Information. All devices connected to a network have an IP Address permitting communication to and from the device. If you connect to the Internet from your computer, then you have an IP Address that looks something like this: 209.17.654.152. In the simplest possible terms, your IP Address contains no data that identifies you as a person. It is only a logical address allowing you to connect to others and others to locate your computer. We use an IP Address for a number of uses as set forth herein. We use an IP Address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. The IP Address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information. Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. We use cookies for other purposes such as site personalization. You can reject cookies and still use the HucknRoll site, however, it will disable the ability for the site to recognize your cart, your account and any personalization efforts.

HucknRoll may monetize or otherwise provide anonymous IP Addresses to third parties. HucknRoll sometimes employs other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples of such may include hosting our website, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links, retargeted advertising, analyzing data, etc. These third parties have access only to IP Addresses, no Personal Information is provided to them.

## External Links

This site contains links to other sites. HucknRoll is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.

## Your Rights And Obligations With Respect To Content And Material Submitted By You

Any comments, reviews, posts, feedback, questions, answers, notes, messages, images, video, audio, materials, ideas, suggestions or other communications you submit on HucknRoll are not private or proprietary. By submitting User Content on or through HucknRoll, you grant HucknRoll an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual right and license to use, copy, modify, display, archive, store, distribute, reproduce and create derivative works based upon such User Content, in any form, media, software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future. By submitting such User Content on or through HucknRoll, you are confirming that (a) you are the sole author of the User Content and the User Content originated with you and was not copied in whole or in part from any other work; (b) you have obtained all necessary permissions associated with the User Content, including without limitation permissions relating to copyrights, trademarks, rights of publicity and/or rights of privacy; (c) the User Content does not contain hate speech or profanity and is not libelous, obscene or otherwise in violation of this Agreement, and (d) that you are not a minor and have the legal right and capacity to enter into and comply with these Terms. By submitting any such User Content on or through HucknRoll, you grant HucknRoll permission to use your name, alias and any other information (as provided by you) to attribute such User Content to you. Without limiting the generality of the previous sentence, and subject to our Privacy Policy, you authorize HucknRoll and its affiliates to share the User Content across all affiliated Web sites, and to use your name and any other information in connection with its use of such User Content. You also grant HucknRoll and its affiliates the right to use any material, information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such User Content. We are not responsible for the similarity of any of our Content or programming in any media to User Content submitted by you. Any and all rights granted in this section are granted without the need for any compensation to you in any form. User Content does not reflect the views of HucknRoll, and HucknRoll does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any User Content, nor endorses or supports any opinions expressed in any User Content. In no event shall HucknRoll have or be construed to have any responsibility or liability for or in connection with any User Content. If we determine, in our sole discretion, you or any User Content you submit violates this Agreement, we reserve the right, at any time, without notice and without limiting any and all other rights we may have under this Agreement, to (a) refuse to allow you to submit further User Content, (b) remove and delete your User Content, (c) revoke your registration and right to use the User Content Submission Features and (d) use any technological, legal, operational or other means available to enforce the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, blocking specific IP addresses or deactivating your registration, access using your e-mail address, your user name and password. 

HucknRoll DOES NOT ENDORSE THE USER CONTENT, IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USER CONTENT AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PERSONS WHO MAY USE OR RELY ON SUCH USER CONTENT) FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE (WHETHER ACTUAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHERWISE), INJURY, CLAIM, LIABILITY OR OTHER CAUSE OF ANY KIND OR CHARACTER BASED UPON OR RESULTING FROM ANY USER CONTENT PROVIDED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE.

## How Secure Is Information About Me?

We work to protect the security of your Personal Information during any transmission of same by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. 

We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. 

It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.

## Opting Out Of Sharing Information With Third Party Partners

If you choose NOT to have information used by our third party partners, please click the opt-out button located here:

<http://www.bluekai.com/optout.html>

## Opting Out Of Communications From HucknRoll

You may elect not to receive on-line or off-line communication from us. To stop receiving HucknRoll email or catalogs, go to [ http://www.HucknRoll.com/mountainbike/mail_preferences.html](http://www.hucknroll.com/mountainbike/mail_preferences.html)

| 
