> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 7searchdisplayads.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181225162339id_/http%3A//7search.com/legal/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 7search Privacy Policy | 7search.com

## Privacy Policy

7SEARCH.COM, (hereinafter "7search") values the privacy of our customers and takes reasonable measures to safeguard that information from unauthorized use. The following is a detailed explanation of our privacy policy with regard to the 7search web site and our related family of Internet Services. Please note we are not responsible for the information collection practices of those web sites that are linked to our site. You should review those sites privacy policies before submitting any private information.

#### What information do we collect?

We employ various methods for collecting information. To begin with, we use “cookies” that are needed to compile aggregate non-personally identifiable information about the visitors to our web site. Personally identifiable information consists of information that is unique to you, such as credit card numbers, bank accounts, social security numbers, home address, email address and the like. This is the type of information that most people consider private and deem the most important to protect from unauthorized access.

Non-personally identifiable information most often consists of things such as your search preferences, the types of products you have bought, how many times you have visited a particular web site, etc. This type of information is usually associated with a particular computer or IP address but not with a particular person. "Cookies" are pieces of information generated by a Web server and stored in the user's computer, ready for future access. Each time you access our web site; our server finds the relevant cookie on your computer. The information contained within that cookie is then used to customize your experience with our site. The following is a list of the information we collect:

We automatically record the name of the domain (for example,"123company.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "mycollege.edu" if you are connecting from a university's domain); the IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet) from which you access our website; the type of browser and operating system used to access our site; the date and time you access our site; the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site; and the pages you visit. Please note that although some companies don’t associate an IP address with an actual person, we do.

When you register for our services you submit certain information, such your name, phone number, business address, business name, email address, web site url, credit card number, FEIN or other tax identification number such as a social security number and CVV2 number. As a client of 7search, you hereby acknowledge that certain personally identifiable information concerning you is collected and stored by 7search and viewed by employees of 7search when you register for our services. This is needed in order for us to properly perform the services that you are requesting.

#### Why do we collect this information?

We use this information in order to serve the needs of our customers. We need to know who you are in order to verify the credit card information you have sent us. We collect several pieces of personal information from you in order to complete this verification process. The non-personal information that we collect from you may be used for both internal and external purposes, in order for us to make your experience with our site more enjoyable. The aggregate data we collect from you is used internally and externally to help us increase our marketing efforts and to provide pertinent data to the members of our Internet family.

We may also use your email address to notify of you other products or services you may be interested in. We match an IP address with a unique individual in order to protect our customers from unauthorized charges to their account. When an account is accessed and a charge is placed on the account, we are able to see where that individual came from when they accessed the client account. If the IP address is different then the typical IP address used to access the customer account, we make a note of this and wait to hear back from the customer.

#### How is your information protected?

We use the latest in encryption technology, including 128 bit SSL encryption to ensure that any sensitive information that is sent by you to us via the Internet is protected from unauthorized interception. All information submitted by a customer via the Internet is stored on a server, which requires proper-authentication for access. The server is housed in a secure environment that employs a variety of techniques to protect your information. We also use anti-virus protection software to guard against outside attacks on our networks. All employees that we do hire have to sign a confidentiality agreement that forbids them from disclosing any information to which the employee has access, to other individuals or entities. We also have back up servers and power supplies to guard against power outages and other natural occurrences that could pose a threat to the integrity of your personal information.

Passwords are required in order for you to gain access to your account. Once an account has been terminated, measures are taken to remove those users from the system who no longer need access to our system. Our servers are manned 24-hours a day, in a building that is UL approved for fire protection. When an employee is terminated or is no longer with the company, we change the access codes that the employee used to access any customer accounts. Employee passwords must contain both numeric and alphanumeric characters; be at least 6 characters long, and must be changed every 60 days. Additionally, after 6 failed attempts, the employee is kicked out of the administrative system. Customer passwords must contain at least six to twelve characters.

#### Who has access to my information?

7search does not lease, license, sell or share any of this information with anyone or any company except as mentioned in the proceeding paragraphs or in the paragraphs below. Only those employees that are responsible for handling your account have access to your personal information. Additionally, 7search may hire technical consultants in order to conduct routine checks on the integrity of our system and in order to perform necessary maintenance work. While performing these duties, it is possible that your personal information may be accessed in order to properly carry out these functions. Please note however, these consultants are prescreened for criminal background checks and must sign a confidentiality agreement with regard to the information they may come into contact with. In order to process your credit card we have to consult with an out side credit card processing company.

These processing companies are regulated by the financial services industry and must meet certain security requirements in order to be in business. The processing companies will have access to your credit card information, billing address, name, and possibly your telephone number. The processing company will communicate with the issuing bank of your credit card in order to get final approval to charge your credit card for the product or services we are providing for you. The only time someone other than a 7search employee will ever see or be privy to your personal information is in the case of a judicial request (such as a subpoena) or if the company is acquired or sold. In the event the later happens, 7search will give reasonable notice to all existing users of our service. The aggregate data that we collect may be shared with outside companies in order help promote the 7search web site or to provide relevant data to one of our sister companies, such as Ranking.com and Trustgauge.com.

#### Can I correct or remove information from your site?

You always have the option to view your account to make sure the information we have collected from you is indeed correct. You also have the option of removing any incorrect information from your account. Further, you have the option of removing certain information you wish to keep private. However, please note that removing certain information such as your email address, contact information, and the like may greatly hinder our ability to effectively provide the service you have requested. Before exercising any of these options above you must contact us at [http://7search.com/support/](https://web.archive.org/web/20181225162339id_/http%3A//7search.com/legal/contact.asp)

#### Can I opt out of having certain information collected?

You have the option of disabling your computer’s ability to accept or transmit cookies. This will prevent us from gathering certain non-personally identifiable information from your computer. Furthermore, you have the right to opt out of any email list you might have signed up for in the past. You also have the option of requesting not to be notified by email of any new product or service we are offering. Please contact us at [http://7search.com/support/](https://web.archive.org/web/20181225162339id_/http%3A//7search.com/legal/contact.asp) in order to complete one of the opt-out choices above.
