> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mojomarketplace.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151230221059id_/http%3A//www.mojomarketplace.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## Privacy Policy

**Introduction.** Mojoness respects your privacy and is committed to protecting personal information which you provide to us and which we collect about you in connection with your accessing and use of this website and services associated with it, including uploading and downloading products and accessing chat rooms, message boards and other services (collectively, the “Services”). Mojoness collects information in various ways from visitors and users. We use this information primarily to provide a customized experience as you use our Services and, generally, do not share this information with third parties. However, we may disclose personal information collected if we have received your permission beforehand or in certain limited circumstances, such as when we believe that such disclosure is required or permitted by law or other special cases described below.

**Registration and Account Information.** Users of the Services (“Users”) are asked to provide certain personal information when they create a user account, including name, postal address, email address, telephone number, billing information (such as a credit card number), and the type of personal computer being used to access the Services. Users are asked to complete an online form that collects information about demographics, product usage and preferences, along with other information that will help us improve our products and services. The personal information collected from Users through these forms is used to manage each User's account (such as for billing purposes) and provide Users with information about services that may be of interest to them. This information is not shared with third parties, unless specifically stated otherwise or in special circumstances. However, in instances where Mojoness and a partner jointly promote Services, Mojoness may provide the partner certain personal information, such as the name, address, and username of persons who subscribed to the Services as a result of the joint promotion for the sole purpose of allowing us and the partner to assess the results of the promotion. Mojoness may also generate non-identifying and aggregate profiles from personal information that Users provide during registration (such as the total number, but not the names, of Users). As explained in more detail below, we may in certain instances use this aggregated and non-identifying information to sell advertisements that appear on the Services.

**Service Providers.** We may transfer (or otherwise make available) your personal information to our affiliates and other third parties who provide services on our behalf. For example, as discussed above, we may use service providers to authorize and process payments, administer surveys, and run our promotions. Your personal information may be maintained and processed by our affiliates and other third party service providers in the U.S. or other jurisdictions. Our service providers are given the information they need to perform their designated functions, and we do not authorize them to use or disclose personal information for their own marketing or other purposes.

**Sale of Business.** We may transfer your personal information as an asset in connection with a merger or sale of stock or assets (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) or as part of a corporate reorganization or other change in corporate control involving Mojoness. Mojoness may share personally identifiable information with other entities that are owned by Mojoness or that own Mojoness or that have some sort of corporate ownership relationship with Mojoness.

**Special Cases.** It is Mojoness’ policy not to use or share the personal information about Visitors of Users in ways unrelated to the ones described above without your consent. However, Mojoness, or our service providers, may disclose personal information about Visitors or Users, or information regarding your use of the Services or websites accessible through our Services, in our sole discretion: to comply with U.S., Canadian or other laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, regulations, or governmental or legal requests or demands for such information; in response to a search warrant, subpoena or other legally valid inquiry or order; to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law; as necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who, for example, may be violating our Acceptable Use Policy or other user policies; to operate the Services properly; to protect Mojoness and our Users; or as otherwise permitted or required by law.

**"Cookies" and How Mojoness Uses Them.** A "cookie" is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain websites. Mojoness may use cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the products and services we provide and to manage our telecommunications networks. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your User information. You may set your Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. However, if you decide not to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the features of our Web site. Additionally, be aware that if you visit non-Mojoness websites where you are prompted to log in or that are customizable, you may be required to accept cookies. Advertisers and partners may also use their own cookies. We do not control use of these cookies and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them. In addition, Mojoness may utilize cookies to track referrals from internal and external affiliates, as well as advertising campaigns.

**Mojoness Statistics.** We use information gathered from our site statistics (for example, User IP addresses) to help diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer our Web site. We also gather broad demographic information from this data to help us improve our site and make your browsing and purchasing experience more enjoyable.

**Public Forums.** Please remember that any information you may disclose in our User Directory, Spotlights/case studies, testimonials, forums, or other public areas of our websites or the Internet, becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these public areas.

**Mojoness’ Commitment to Data Security.** We have implemented measures designed to protect personal information in our custody and control. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure of personal information in our custody and control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this site cannot be guaranteed; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party, despite our best efforts. Your online access to certain personal information may be protected with a password you select. We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication (such as letters, phone calls or email messages). We have personal information retention processes designed to retain personal information of our customers for no longer than necessary for the purposes stated above or to otherwise meet legal requirements.

**How to Access or Modify Your Information.** You have the right to access, update, and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. You may request access, updating and corrections of inaccuracies in your personal information we have in our custody or control by accessing your personal profile in your account or by contacting support via email, phone or online chat. We may request certain personal information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to their personal information records. To ensure you receive the information you need to manage your account and protect your privacy, please be sure to keep your contact and billing information up to date. You can update all account-related information directly through your account control panel. Alternatively, you can contact Mojoness Support through our [online support](http://mojosupport.zendesk.com/ "Online Support").

**Where to Direct Questions About Mojoness’ Privacy Policy.** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, you may [contact us](https://web.archive.org/contact "contact us").

Revised March 19, 2013 
