> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bjsrestaurants.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-09-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170902215512id_/https%3A//www.bjsrestaurants.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Updated Privacy Policy | BJ's Restaurants and Brewhouse

**BJ’s Restaurants, Inc.**

**Privacy Policy**

**_Last updated: July 1, 2016_**

This Privacy Policy applies to all websites and mobile applications (each a “ _Site_ ”) operated by BJ’s Restaurants, Inc. (“ _BJ’s_ ”, “ _we_ ”, and “ _us_ ”). This Privacy Policy describes how we use, store, and disclose information that we obtain about you through our Sites, including information that we obtain through any promotional program or other service that we provide (in whole or in part) through any of our Sites, such as the BJ’s Premier Rewards Program.

Please read this information carefully before accessing any of our Sites. By accessing any of our Sites, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

For ease of reference, you may click on any of the following links to jump to one of the topics addressed in this Privacy Policy:

Information Collected About You

Use and Retention of the Information About You

Disclosure of the Information About You

Children

Do Not Track Signals

Your California Privacy Rights

Links to Third-Party Sites

Security Procedures

Access to Your Information and Your Choices

Governing Law

Changes to These Terms

Contact Us

**Information Collected About You**

We collect information about you in a variety of ways through our Sites.

  * _Participation in Our Programs._ When you register and/or participate in the BJ’s Premier Rewards Program or any other program we may offer, you will be asked to provide certain personal information, such as your name, email address, mailing address, and date of birth or age, as well as to generate a user name and password. As you use your account, we may also collect other information from you, such as which of our restaurants you visit, the points you earn and rewards you redeem, and any preferences you express. You may also periodically be asked for information concerning what you like and do not like (such as your favorite pizza flavor!).
  * _Online Purchases._ When you make a purchase on one of our Sites, you will be asked to provide information necessary to facilitate the transaction, such as your credit card or debit card number, associated security code, telephone number, billing address, email address, and shipping address.
  * _Contests, Sweepstakes, and Other Promotions._ We may collect information about you when you participate in a promotion that we sponsor, such as a contest or sweepstakes (which we may sponsor alone or co-sponsor with one or more third parties). To participate in one of our promotions, you may be asked to provide your name and your email address, mailing address and/or other contact information. For some promotions, we may request other information about you as well. Note that your participation will be subject to the official rules of the promotion (as well as this privacy policy and the privacy policy of any co-sponsor).
  * _Careers.   _If you choose to explore career opportunities at BJ’s by providing information on our “Careers” webpage, you will be asked for contact information as well as information about your employment and educational history and other relevant information. This portion of our Site may be operated by a third-party service provider collecting the information on our behalf.
  * _Sign-Up for Emails or Other Correspondence._ If you sign up on one of our Sites to receive email communications or other correspondence from us, you may be asked to provide us with your name, email address, and/or mailing address, along with other information related to your subscription or correspondence.
  * _Social Networking Activities._ Our Sites may include the ability for you and other users to link to various social networking platforms. We may receive information about you when you choose to post or otherwise share information about us on any social networking platform. Note that any information that you or others post to a social networking platform will be accessible by any users of such platform, subject to its terms of service and privacy policy.
  * _Usage Data._ When you use or access any of our Sites, we may collect certain usage data generated by your activities on the Sites, including your pages viewed, number of bytes transferred, hyperlinks clicked, and other actions you take on our Sites. Each of our Sites may also track the URL that you visited before you come to the Site, the URL to which you next go, and your Internet Protocol (IP) address or mobile device identifier.
  * _Cookies and Other Online Information-Gathering Tools._ As with most websites, we may employ “cookies,” web beacons, or similar technologies on our Sites to collect and store certain information about usage by visitors to our Sites, to improve our services and advertising, and to help us remember you and your preferences when you revisit our Sites. These technologies may stay on your browser into the future until they expire or you delete them. We also use cookies and similar technologies to remember your purchase selections in your shopping cart. You may set your browser to refuse all cookies or to allow cookies only from selected sites. If you block cookies there may be pages on our Site you will not be able to access. Further general information about cookies and how they work is available at [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).
  * _Third-Party Integrated Services._ We may incorporate third-party ads and other third-party content on our Sites, and integrate other third-party offerings into our Sites, enabling certain third parties to collect information about you or your online activities across other websites and over time through your use of our Sites. Any information collected through such integrated technologies is collected directly by these third parties for use by such third parties and other authorized parties, subject to the privacy policies of those other parties.
  * _Online Inquiries._ When you submit an inquiry or otherwise correspond through one of our Sites, you may be asked to provide your name, email address, and/or other personal information to us.



**Use and Retention of the Information About You**

BJ’s and our affiliates may use information collected about you through our Sites for a variety of commercial purposes. Without limitation, we may use such information to:

  1. administer and improve our Sites and businesses;
  2. grow our businesses by delivering a broad range of personalized products and services to you and other customers;
  3. offer our products or services (or those of our affiliates or third parties) that we think you may find of interest;
  4. understand our customers’ preferences and history, and tailor our services and promotional offers accordingly;
  5. respond to inquiries;
  6. process transactions you request and deliver products that you have purchased;
  7. send you promotional and other offers via email and traditional mail, informing you about our products and services and other offerings;
  8. communicate with you regarding your membership in our BJ’s Premier Rewards Program or other promotional program, and facilitate the functioning of our programs (such as the delivery of rewards); and
  9. conduct other marketing and commercial activities.



We may keep indefinitely all of the information about you collected through our Sites.

**Disclosure of the Information About You**

We may disclose any of the information about you collected through our Sites to unaffiliated third parties in any or all of the following circumstances:

(1)  when you request or authorize the disclosure;

(2)  when the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you;

(3)  when the information is provided to one or more of our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (such as to analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide customer service, and/or to process orders);

(4)  when the information is collected by third-party ads, content or technologies integrated with any of our Sites;

(5)  when the information is provided to one of our partners or other third parties for their own marketing or other commercial purposes;

(6)  when the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas; to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements; or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (such as to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection);

(7)  when the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services, assets, or capital stock (such as in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case customer information may be one of the transferred assets); or

(8)  as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.

**Do Not Track Signals**

At this time, our Sites do not support “Do Not Track” preferences that may be available in your browser for letting websites know that you do not want them collecting certain kinds of information. If you turn on the “Do Not Track” setting on your browser, our Sites are not currently capable of following whatever Do Not Track preferences you set. For more information about Do Not Track, visit [donottrack.us](http://donottrack.us/).

**Children**

Our Sites are not designed to appeal to persons under 13 years old (“ _children_ ”). We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from children through our Sites, except for persistent identifiers that may be collected through children’s sections of our Sites which (as permitted by applicable law) we will use solely to support the internal operations of the Sites. If we learn that any unauthorized personal information of a child has been collected, we will take appropriate steps to delete such information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child has provided any such personal information to us, then you may contact us at the email or mailing address noted at the end of this Privacy Policy below and request that we delete that information from our systems.

**Your California Privacy Rights**

Please note that we may share information collected about you with our affiliates and other third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Under California law, a California resident with whom we have an established relationship has the right to request certain information with respect to the types of personal information that we have shared with third parties for these purposes, and the identities of those third parties, within the immediately preceding calendar year, subject to certain exceptions. All requests for such information must be in writing and sent to us at [CaliforniaPrivacyRights@bjsrestaurants.com](mailto:CaliforniaPrivacyRights@bjsrestaurants.com).

**Links to Third-Party Sites**

There may be links on our Sites that will take you to third-party sites. Please be aware that we do not control any such third-party sites, and we are not responsible for the contents of any third-party site or any link contained in such a site. The inclusion of any link on one of our Sites does not imply endorsement of the third-party site. The use and privacy practices of the operator of any third-party site as to any information you provide is in no way subject to this Privacy Policy. Each third-party site may have its own policy that could differ considerably from our Privacy Policy, or the third-party site may not display any privacy policy at all.

**Security Procedures**

We use reasonable technical, administrative and physical measures to protect information contained in our systems against misuse, loss or alteration. We use encryption technology to protect sensitive information, such as credit card information, being transferred to our Site. Please note, however, that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. If we receive instructions using your log-in information, we will assume that you have authorized such instructions, so please keep your user name and password secure.

**Access to Your Information and Your Choices**

If you have registered for an account on any of our Sites, you have the ability to edit certain personal information you have provided to us by logging into your account and making the changes. To update the information you provided for a newsletter or other mailing,  please “unsubscribe,” and then “subscribe” to re-submit your information.

You can choose not to receive promotional emails from us by “unsubscribing” using the instructions in any email you receive from us. This will not stop us from sending emails about your account or your transactions with us. 

If you have agreed to let us send you text messages, you can withdraw your consent at any time by sending a text to us with the word “STOP”, in response to any text message we send you. We may send you one immediate confirmation text acknowledging receipt of your message.

You can choose to delete or block cookies by setting your browser to either reject all cookies or to allow cookies only from selected Sites. If you block cookies, please note that performance of the Site may be impaired and certain features may not function at all.

**Governing Law**

By choosing to visit any of our Sites, you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the law of the State of California, without reference to the choice of law or conflicts of law principles thereof, and will be subject to the dispute resolution clause contained in the terms of use applicable to the particular Site. You also agree to abide by any limitation on damages contained in the terms of use applicable to the Site or any other agreement that we have with you.

**Changes to These Terms**

We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time, with any such changes to be effective prospectively. The use of information obtained about you is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of collection, except that your continued use of any of our Sites after any modification of this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification. Please visit this page periodically so that you will be apprised of any such modifications.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email us at [legal@bjsrestaurants.com](mailto:legal@bjsrestaurants.com), or write to us (and include your email address) at BJ’s Restaurants, Inc., 7755 Center Avenue, Suite 300, Huntington Beach, CA 92647, Attention: Legal Department.
