> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chiarafashion.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629172040id_/http%3A//www.chiarafashion.co.uk/st/help/%3Fx%3D12) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Help

When you provide us with your personal information, you are fully aware and consent to those information being stored in our servers. We may collect personal and financial information from you such as your name, address, email address, credit/debit card details and bank account numbers, your transactional history with us, your correspondence to us and the content you generate when you visit our site.

The purpose of collecting these information from you is to ensure that you get a smooth and safe shopping experience with us. This information collected is used to provide the service you requested and the products you order from us, improve our website's content, advertising and services, and applicable with your personal preferences - inform you about our latest promotions, offers and updates.

We respect your privacy and do not sell, rent, disclose information about you to third party companies for their advertising or marketing purposes.

We may use your information to improve our services, provide a better shopping experience, content and advertising in our site.

If you do not wish to participate, you can always opt out using the instructions provided in the medium.

We may disclose your information if required by law enforcement, government officials or court order in legal proceedings or if we suspect your activities in our site violate the rights and safety of others or of an illegal nature. Such information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

Like all other sites, we use "Cookies" in our site. They enable us to identify you when you use our site, track the usefulness of our advertising and/or promotional activities, acts as a safety measure and also allows you to be kept signed in to your account. You can clear these cookies from your cache yourself if you wish however they may affect certain services in our site that require cookies to function properly.

When you register an account with us, you will be given a password and login information. It is your responsbility to ensure that you keep this information safe. To avoid complications and if you have lost your password or log-in details, please contact us as soon as possible.

We endeavor to protect the information we receive from you with our own security technology, data encryption, passwords and such. However we should not be held liable for unlawful access or interception to your private information by criminal third parties as these are outside of our control.

Analytics:This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

We may amend this policy at any time. 
