> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chicagodefender.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181020010549id_/https%3A//chicagodefender.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | The Chicago Defender

June 12, 2008

Chicago Defender, a subsidiary of Real Times Media (“Chicago Defender” or “we” or “us”), operates this Web site (“Web site”). This Privacy Policy explains what information is collected on this Web site, how we use your information, and your choices. This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at this Web site and other Web sites operated by Chicago Defender where this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, Chicago Defender’s Web site), and does not cover any information collected offline or elsewhere by Chicago Defender (unless specifically stated) or any other company. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. In addition, please review our Terms of Use, which governs your use of this Web site. Your use of this Web site indicates to us that you have read and accept our privacy practices, as outlined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collected Through This Web site Personally Identifiable Information (PII)**

We may ask you to provide us with personally identifiable information about yourself at various times and at various places on this Web site, such as when you register for newsletters, subscribe for home delivery, or choose to participate in a contest, sweepstakes, survey or other feature on the Web site. Personally identifiable information is information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally (such as your full name, address, or e-mail address). In addition, as part of our current and planned services, we may, at any time, include features to this Web site that require you to register or otherwise provide PII, including credit card information, or we may require registration or a subscription fee to gain access to any portion of this Web site. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in many of this Web site’s features. If you provide us with PII of a friend, such as name or e-mail address, (for example, in order to e-mail an article to a friend), or a friend has provided that information about you, we will not use that PII to send other e-mail communications unless otherwise disclosed at the time the information is provided. This is not a Web site directed to children younger than the age of 13, and this Web site does not knowingly collect PII from children younger than 13 years of age. If you are younger than 13 years of age, do not send any information about yourself to this Web site. If we discover that a child younger than the age of 13 has provided this Web site with PII, we will delete that child’s PII from our database.

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information**

When you visit this Web site, our servers automatically collect certain Web site usage information. Web site usage information is non-identifying information that describes how our visitors use and navigate this Web site, and it includes the number and frequency of visitors to each Web page and the length of their stays. We also collect the information automatically sent to us by your browser, such as browser type, referrer data that identifies the Web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting this Web site, and IP address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet, which Web servers use to identify where to send the information your computer requests. We may use IP addresses for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to report aggregate information to our business partners or to audit the use of this Web site. We also may determine the technology available through your browser in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a Web page. We may disclose non-identifying user information, such as aggregated statistics, to third parties for a variety of purposes, including describing our services, marketing and providing a better user experience on this Web site.

**Cookies**

Like most Web sites, this Web site sometimes makes use of browser cookies. We may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as tracking usage patterns on the Chicago Defender Web sites, measuring the effectiveness of advertising to help serve advertisements, limiting multiple responses and registrations, facilitating your ability to navigate this Web site and as part of a verification or screening process. Chicago Defender does not save PII in cookies, but we may link the cookie to any PII or other information we collect. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent by indicating this in the preferences or options menu in your browser. However, it is possible that some parts of this Web site will not operate correctly if you disable cookies, and you may not be able to take advantage of some of this Web site%uFFFDs features. You should consult with your browser%uFFFDs provider/manufacturer if you have any questions regarding disabling cookies.

**Our Use and Disclosure of Collected Information and Your Choices Use by this Web site**

This Web site may use your PII to provide you with requested goods, services or content, to contact you in connection with a sweepstakes or promotion, or for other purposes disclosed when you provide your PII. In addition, this Web site may send you special offers via e-mail if you do not opt-out from receiving such information when you register with this Web site. If you wish to unsubscribe from this Web site%uFFFDs e-mail newsletter or to change your preferences, follow the instructions to unsubscribe to the e-blast. We may also use information collected about our users to provide customized content, advertising, products and services, or to improve the content and navigation of this Web site, or for other internal purposes. If you submit a Letter to the Editor or other content to be published in one of our publications, whether such publication originates online or offline, we may publish your name or other information in connection with publishing the letter to the editor or other content. We may combine the information about you that we collect through the Chicago Defender Web sites with information available to us from other sources, including information received from promotional partners or other third parties. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any personal information received. We may also combine PII with other information we collect through the Chicago Defender Web sites, including, IP addresses, cookies and search terms users enter on the Chicago Defender Web sites, which we may use for reporting and monitoring, improving the Chicago Defender Web sites and products, or to target advertising.

**Forums**

This Web site may make chat rooms, forums and message boards available to our users. If you post PII online, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a forum. Also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas.

**Security**

We store the information we collect from you on limited access servers, and we take steps to maintain the security of our servers and to protect your PII from unauthorized disclosure. However, even reasonable security measures do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit via the Internet, including to Chicago Defender.

**Consent to Transfer  **

This Web site is operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using this Web site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.

**Acceptance Of Terms**

By using this Web site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Chicago Defender reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back from time to time. Of course, unless you consent otherwise, we will use your PII consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time you submitted your PII.

**Contact Us  **If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact [svaughn@chicagodefender.com.](https://mailto:svaughn@chicagodefender.com/)

The effective date of this Privacy Policy is June 12, 2008.
