> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chicoryapp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150615030012id_/https%3A//www.chicoryapp.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Chicory

Chicory analyzes websites and apps in order to gain contextual insights regarding web content and consumer purchase intent. Additionally, Chicory connects Publisher content with ecommerce retailers through widgets and buttons installed directly on the Publisher’s site. At Chicory we’ve created this Privacy Policy in order to detail how information you provide us is used and shared. By visiting our Website, or accessing the Chicory Product (defined in our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms)) you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the accompanying Terms of Use. 

**Reach**

As a general rule there are two categories of users of the Site and Chicory Product: "Publishers" who are operators or publishers of websites that make the Chicory Product available on their websites, and "End Users" who are individual visitors of a website and engage with the Publisher’s content and use the Chicory Product to add products to Ecommerce retailer’s digital storefronts. 

## The Information We Collect

Privacy Practices for End Users who engage with Publisher Content and/or the Chicory Product on Publisher Websites When an End User visits a Publish Site with our code installed or engages with the Chicory Product that is enabled on one of our Publisher websites (a "Chicory Widget"), we collect certain non-personally identifiable information for analytics purposes and for online ad targeting as described below.   


(a) The Information We Gather and How We Use It: Personal Information — We only collect Personal Information via a Chicory Widget when an End User provides it to us, and never use that information on the Chicory Platform for delivering targeted advertising. When you, an End User, send a shopping list to an email using a Chicory Button we use your email address. We do not use this information for targeted advertising and it is not merged or otherwise combined with any of the Non-Personally Identifiable Information that we collect. This Personal Information will be available to the people to whom you send or share content via the Chicory Widget, so please be careful. Non-Personally Identifiable Information — We collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information via the Publisher Site and Chicory Widget for use on the Chicory Platform. For example, when you visit a web page that contains the Chicory Widget, our server logs collect your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time you visited that web page, and (if you came to a web page where a Chicory Widget is enabled via a search engine such as Google), the web search that landed you on that web page. We also collect information regarding the content on that page and purchase intent of products related to that content. We use this information to help us build commercially viable data segments (e.g., cheese lovers, thanksgiving cooks) for online ad targeting in order to help make the ads you see on many of the websites you visit more relevant to your interests, and for ad delivery and reporting purposes. For information regarding how we use this information to help deliver more relevant advertising please see the section below entitled "Targeted Advertising and Choices." We also set Cookies and web beacons on web pages where the Chicory Widgets are enabled, and allow third parties to set Cookies and web beacons that are subject to those third parties' privacy statements. We also use this information to customize the Chicory Widget to your usage patterns. For example, if you show an interest for organic produce we may alert you regarding the availability of organic product directly on the Chicory Widget on the Publisher Site. (b) Information Sharing. We generally don't share Personal Information collected via the Chicory Widget except as specifically directed by the End User in order to share a shopping list via email. We share information collected via the Chicory Product with other companies or individuals as follows: We share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with third parties and the website Publishers who have the Chicory Widget Button enabled on their websites for analytics and other business purposes. For example, we provide our publishers with statistics on click and purchase trends, and their most popular recipes (e.g., people come to Blog XYZ to make Chicken dishes), so that Publishers can understand how End Users are engaging with their content. Publishers may use this information to tailor content and advertising on individual publisher sites. Publishers can use filters to refine the data by domain, time period, geography, and other options. We share any information with third parties if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or an enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce the applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Recipe Into Reality, its End Users or the public as required or permitted by law. We share information with our subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us, in which case we will require them to honor this policy. Additionally, in the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, we expect that any and all information that we have will be among the assets transferred. In addition, we may aggregate your Non-Personally Identifiable Information with the Non-Personally Identifiable Information of others and share that aggregated information with third parties without restriction. (c) Targeted Advertising and Choices We don't use Personal Information to serve targeted advertising via the Chicory Product. Most of our Services are available to End Users and Publishers at no cost. To support our Services, we license or otherwise provide the Non-Personally Identifiable Information we collect via many of the Chicory Widgets enabled on Publisher websites and use that information via the Platform to deliver or enable the delivery of advertising that is customized to End User interests. We also set Cookies and web beacons on web pages where our Chicory Widgets are enabled to help us with online ad targeting and to provide analytics to our website Publishers. If you prefer that we do not collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your website visits for the purpose of delivering targeted advertising, you may opt out. Please send an email to [hello@chicoryapp.com](mailto:hello@chicoryapp.com) to opt out. 

## How We Protect Your Information

We take appropriate security steps to protect the information we collect for you from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no security system is immune to problems. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to and from us over the Internet. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Platform may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. 

## Offline Collection, Use & Disclosure of Information

In addition to the information we collect online, there is information that we will collect offline in certain instances. Such information can be collected at Chicory events, Chicory sponsored events, or Chicory solicitations. 

## Children

We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 through the Services. If you are under 13, please do not give us any Personal Information. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide Personal Information through the Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. 

## External Websites

The Platform may contain links to third-party websites.  Chicory has no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors, or other websites to which we provide links; we especially have no control over any recipe websites that Chicory platforms or technology work with. Therefore, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of those third-party websites.  You should check the applicable third-party privacy policy and terms of use when visiting any other websites. 

## Changes to Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of October 2014. We may regularly change this Privacy Policy and will alert users to changes as necessary. Visits to our sites, use any Chicory platforms, or use of our services subsequent to Privacy Policy changes is deemed to be your acceptance of the new changes. Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis. 

## How to Contact Us>

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at [hello@chicoryapp.com](mailto:hello@chicoryapp.com)

## Terms and Conditions

Please also visit our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms) section that explains other terms and conditions governing our Site. 
