> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chihealth.in privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230235947id_/http%3A//chihealth.in/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ChiHealth - Weight loss, Diet, Fitness, Health and Wellness at an arm's Length !

At ChiHealth, we respect your privacy and believe you should be informed about how we collect, use and disclose your Personal Information. This Privacy Policy describes our practices regarding how we use and share with third parties Personal Information (as defined below ) that we collect on the Website. By visiting the ChiHealth.in website and any other URLs and websites administered by ChiHealth and its affiliates (collectively, the "Website") that are offered by ChiHealth and its affiliates (collectively, " ChiHealth" or "we" or "us") or otherwise submitting your Personal Information to us, you accept the practices described in this statement. The terms "you" and "user" as used herein refer to all individuals and/or entities accessing the Website for any reason. 

**Terms of Use** Your use of the Website is subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Term of Use ("Terms of Use"), so please read this policy and the Terms of Use before using the Website. All terms with initial capital letters used in this Privacy Policy but not defined herein have the meanings given them in the Terms of Use. 

**Age Requirement** In order to use the Website you must be at least 18 years of age or the legal age to form a binding contract in your jurisdiction. Please see the Terms of Use for additional information regarding this requirement.

**Personal Information** The term "Personal Information" means information that identifies you as an individual, including your name, address, email address, telephone number, age, weight, and gender. We may ask you to submit Personal Information at various places on our Website, including by providing Registration Data, subscribing to a newsletter, or submitting feedback. ChiHealth also stores the information you enter about foods, activities, goals, and all other information collected in our online forms. 

**Security** We use industry-standard measures to protect the Personal Information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. However, you should know that no company, including ChiHealth, can fully eliminate security or other risks associated with the possession of Personal Information. For example, we may be legally required to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login information and password.

**Modifications to the Privacy Policy** We may make changes to the Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. We will post any such changes on the Website along with a notice on the Website that such changes have been made. Your continued use of the Web Site following the posting of such changes constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, or any revised versions thereof, you may not use the Website.

**Queries** If you have a question or comment about the ChiHealth site or a request to correct or delete your Personal Information, please contact us at info@ ChiHealth.in. We will fulfill your request with in a timely manner. However, please be aware that even if ChiHealth deletes such Personal Information from its 'live' databases, such information may still be stored on other databases (including those kept for archival purposes) and will take reasonable effort and time to effect the changes. 

**Accuracy of Information** **   
**The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by ChiHealth and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of ChiHealth. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.

In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.

**Privacy Policy  
\-- By ChiHealth Support**
