> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chinadaily.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171212063842id_/http%3A//classifieds.chinadaily.com/about/policy/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

China Daily Information is committed to respecting your privacy. We have designed our Web site and search engine so that you may visit them without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information, unless you opt to do so. Once you opt to provide personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), it will only be used to support your customer relationship with us and for our own internal purposes, including marketing and research, customization of our websites and improving the content of our websites. 

This Online Privacy Statement regarding the privacy of the information you provide online covers the following main areas: Awareness, What we Collect, Information Sharing, Choice, Access & Accuracy, Security, and Oversight. 

**Awareness** China Daily Information provides this Online Privacy Statement to inform you about our privacy policy and the practices and choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This notice may be accessed from any area of China Daily Information's websites and our online booking engines. 

**What We Collect** When making a reservation: When you make a reservation online or by phone through our customer support center, you will be asked for your name, address, phone number, e-mail address and credit card information. This information is used to contact you for customer service, to guaranty your reservation with our travel suppliers and/or to bill you for your travel purchase. During the booking process you can choose not to receive our newsletter or travel reminders by unchecking the appropriate boxes on the online form. 

Third-party vendors: Some of China Daily Information's online booking engines are powered by third-party vendors. Our goal is to work only with reputable and reliable vendors. You should note that these vendors may have privacy policies and practices that may differ from those of China Daily Information. Nevertheless, we strongly encourage you to read the privacy policies of these vendors when using their websites. 

**About Cookies** Many websites, including those owned by China Daily Information, use cookie technology to help users navigate efficiently. The cookie is a small text file that resides on your hard drive. From time to time, our site(s) will request the cookie from your browser so that we can retrieve the stored information. This prevents you from making the same selections over and over again. China Daily Information does not use cookies to store personal information, such as credit-card numbers. Please note that with most browsers, a user can set the preferences to show a warning each time a cookie request is received. You can also usually set the browser not to accept cookies at all. However, to make your experience using our site as convenient as possible, we suggest that you allow your browser to accept cookies. 

**Information Sharing** China Daily Information will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to third parties. Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share the personal data you provide online with other third-party vendors that are acting on our behalf to complete the activities described above. We will cooperate with law enforcement authorities. 

**Choice** China Daily Information will not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the purposes described above without letting you know and offering you a choice. Please be aware that our website and those of our affiliates may contain links to other websites, and that the privacy practices of these other websites may differ from those of China Daily Information. This Online Privacy Statement does not apply to other websites. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policies of all other websites you visit. 

**Access & Accuracy **China Daily Information strive to keep your personally identifiable information accurate. We make every effort to provide you with online access to your registration data so that you may update or correct your information on the hotel booking engine where it was submitted. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or enabling you to make corrections to your user account. 

**Security** China Daily Information is committed to protecting the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. 

**Oversight** If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, pls [ contact us](http://www.chinadaily.com/about/form/contact.php).

**Right to Change** China Daily Information reserve the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence and location of the new or revised Privacy Policy. 
