> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chinatopix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140616074000id_/http%3A//www.chinatopix.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ChinaTopix.com

## Privacy Policy

1\. Purpose of this Privacy Policy

This privacy policy describes how ChinaTopix treats the personally identifiable information that is collected about you when you visit the www.chinatopix.com Web site. This policy also describes our treatment of personally identifiable information about you that our partners may share with us.

2\. What is Personally Identifiable Information

"Personally identifiable information" is information that we can use to identify you as an individual. Personally identifiable information includes your name, address, telephone number and any other information that is connected with your identity.

3\. Information This Privacy Policy Does Not Apply to

This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except ChinaTopix. Any information you provide when you visit Web sites other than www.chinatopix.com or when you purchase any products or services that may be offered or advertised on www.chinatopix.com by companies other than ChinaTopix is subject to the privacy policies of the third party organizations who run and/or own these Web sites.

Information We Collect  
i. Non-Registered Users: Certain content and tools on the www.chinatopix.com Web site, such as news articles, pictures, graphics, stock quotes, are available to all users without registration. ChinaTopix does not collect any personally identifiable information from you when you visit these areas of the www.chinatopix.com Web site. ii. Registered Users: In order to access some of the more specialized features of the www.chinatopix.com Web site, such as the ChinaTopix Newsletter, the ChinaTopix User Area, ChinaTopix Adcubes and ChinaTopix Adcubes2, you must be a registeredwww.chinatopix.com Web site user. When you register with www.chinatopix.com, we collect personally identifiable information from you that may include your name, email address, city, state and zip code, as well as other information, such as your gender, age, occupation, personal interests and similar information. In addition, when you use certain specialized features offered to registered www.chinatopoix.com Web site users, www.chinatopix.com may collect additional information about you, such as credit card information, stock and fund information, financial information, employment information and other personally identifiable information. iii. Editorial Contributions, Promotions and Surveys: Contributions, surveys and other promotions may be offered on the www.chinatopix.com Web site. In conjunction with such contribution requests or surveys, we may ask www.chinatopix.comparticipants for personally identifiable information related to the topic of the survey, entry in the promotion, prize notification or fulfillment. iv. Web Site Usage Information: ChinaTopix automatically collects IP addresses and Web site usage information from you when you visit the www.chinatopix.com Web site. This information helps us evaluate how our users navigate and use our Web site.

Use of Information  
ChinaTopix uses personally identifiable information collected from you for the following general purposes: To fulfill your requests for specific products and services; To customize the advertising and content you see; To improve the design and content of our site; To contact you about special offers, products or services that may be of interest to you; To enter you in editorial contributions or promotions at your specific request; To provide you with customer service.

Information Sharing and Disclosure  
ChinaTopix will not sell, share or otherwise disclose any personally identifiable information about our current or former web site users to third party companies or individuals, except as permitted or required by law. ChinaTopix may share or disclose personally identifiable information about you to other companies or individuals when: We have your consent to share the information; We utilize third party service providers to provide products, services or functions on our behalf (such as sending emails or processing credit cards), and require these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information and not to use your personally identifiable information for any reason except to carry out the purpose(s) for which we hired them;  We need to protect our legal rights (for example, if we are trying to collect money you owe us or we are trying to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreement with you); Aggregate information is information that we (or third party service providers on our behalf) collect about www.chinatopix.com Web site users on an anonymous basis. We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners, advertisers and other third parties.

Cookies  
ChinaTopix (or third party service providers on our behalf) may set and access cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small amount of data (often including a unique identifier), that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. www.chinatopix.com uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our site. For example, we may use cookies to identify you as a registered user, personalize your experience at our site, save your password in password-protected areas, and display relevant content, products, services and advertising. To the extent that ChinaTopix utilizes third party service providers to set and access cookies on the computer of our Web site users on behalf of ChinaTopix, we require such service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of the information collected and not to use such information for any reason except to carry out the purpose(s) for which we hired them. We use reputable third parties to present or serve some or all of the advertisements on our Web site. These third party network advertisers may set and access their own cookies on your computer. The use of cookies by third parties is subject to such third party's own privacy policies. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to reject cookies. If you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of certain features offered through our Website.

Security  
Your www.chinatopix.com registration information is password-protected for your privacy and security. The personally identifiable information we collect about you is stored in limited access servers. We maintain (directly and through our agents) physical, electronic and procedural security safeguards to protect your personally identifiable information.

Review and Correction  
ChinaTopix offers registered users the online ability to correct or update information that we have collected during the registration process. This can be done by visiting your account.

Children  
ChinaTopix offers registered users the online ability to correct or update information that we have collected during the registration process. This can be done by visiting your account. Transfer to U.S.: If you are located outside of the United States, please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By registering with www.chinatopix.com, you consent to this transfer.
