> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the give.zone privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190528212307id_/https%3A//give.zone/static/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**

Updated 01.08.2018

This Privacy Policy describes how we manage, process and store personal data submitted in the context of providing our Service. 

“Personal data” refers to any information relating to an identifiable individual or their personal identity.

**I. Consent**

When you register on our Service (Give.zone) or filling in a contact form or other sites owned by PE Andrii Liskov (INN 3186010870), you agree and accept that we may gather, process, store and/or use the submitted personal data under the rules set forth below.

By giving your consent to us, you also retain the right to have your personal data rectified, to be forgotten and/or to be erased.

We do not knowingly provide access to the Site and will not knowingly collect personal information from, anyone under the age of 18 unless such user has parental or legal guardian consent.

**II. Personal Data Collected**

**Identity and contact details**

Personal data are collected on our website by PE Andrii Liskov (INN 3186010870), a company registered under the laws of Ukraine, and is located at Ukraine 02000, Kyiv, 119 Saksaganskogo St.

**Data Protection Authority Declarations**

You retain the right to lodge any complaints on data protection with [EU Data Protection Authorities](http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm) for EU/EEA Data Subjects.

**Data collected on this site**

When you register on our Service, the following data are collected and managed: 

**Member ID** : unique autogenerated, anonymized numeric value that link login used by user with activity that he makes on the site. This system increases the protection of user’s personal data;

**Login ID** : email or OAuth Token (fb, twitter, google, steam, blizzard). This information serves as the key to authorizing the user to the site. We do not use it for any other purposes; 

**Password** : applicable only, but not required for e-mail login. If you use a password, you can be sure that it is protected. We use encryption, HASH function with salt. Password can’t be decrypted in reasonable time. OAuth authorization doesn`t require a password at all;

**In-site pseudonym** : non unique, not identifiable. Users can use any pseudonym that does not offend other users in any possible manner, it can be changed at any time. Pseudonym displayed in the giveaway`s that the user created. Also, it is used for social communication such as: communication between users, contacting support services, appeals in promotional letters;

**Avata** r: use for social interaction on the site and displayed on the profile. It can be changed at any time;

**Age** : we use this information to create best-offers for you and provide better service experience. Also to make sure that the user meets age restrictions;

**IP** : we don’t store users IP address, it is used when users visit the site to provide the best service;

By using our Service, the following data are collected and managed: log-on data and browsing data where you authorize it, optional profile information, registration status, information that you uploaded to the site. Some data are collected automatically by reason of your activity on the site (see paragraph on cookies below).

**Services Metadata**

When an authorized user interacts with the Services, metadata is generated that provides additional context about the way authorized user use the site. For example, in which giveaway the authorized user participating, what giveaways was created by the authorized user, links that authorized user shared and what third party services are used for this (if any).

**Log data**

As with most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, our servers automatically collect information when you access or use our Service and record it in log files. This log data may include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, the address of the web page visited before using the Service, browser type and settings, the date and time the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences and cookie data. 

**Device information**

Give.zone collects information about devices accessing the Service, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on the type of device used and its settings. 

**Location information**

We receive information from you and other third-parties that helps us approximate your location. We may, for example, use an IP address received from your browser or device to determine approximate location. Give.zone may also collect location information from devices in accordance with the consent process provided by your device.

**Purposes of processing and legal basis**

The principal purpose of collecting your personal data is to offer you a safe, optimum, efficient, and personalized experience. To this end, you agree and accept that we may use your personal data to:

  * Provide our Service and facilitate performance, including verifications relating to you.
  * Resolve any problems to improve the use of our Service.
  * Personalize, assess, and improve our Service, content and materials.
  * Analyze the volume and history of your use of our Service.
  * Inform you about our Service as well as our partners’ services and/or promotional offers.
  * Prevent, detect, and investigate any activities that are potentially prohibited, unlawful or contrary to good practice, and ensure compliance with our [Terms and Conditions](https://give.zone/static/terms-and-conditions).



We use the personal data submitted to us only in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation. Our employees and third-party providers are under an obligation to respect data privacy.

**Newsletter and marketing emails**

For those of you have expressly opted in to receive our Give.zone newsletter, you are easily to unsubscribe by following the “unsubscribe” links included in every email.

Without systematically doing so, we may analyze and track the email click rates (times you click on a link in an email) and open rates (the fact that you opened an email) to assess performance rates on our mail outs you receive.

**Third party disclosures**

Personal data relating to you collected on our website are destined for Give.zone’s own use and may be forwarded to Give.zone’s partner companies so that we may obtain assistance and support in the context of carrying out our Service. Give.zone ensures that it has in place clear data protection requirements for all of its third-party providers.

Give.zone does not sell or rent your personal data to third parties for marketing purposes whatsoever.

In addition, Give.zone does not disclose your personal data to third parties, except if: (1) you (or your account administrator acting on your behalf) requests or authorizes disclosure thereof; (2) Give.zone is compelled to do so by a government authority or a regulatory body, in the case of a court order, a summons to appear in court or any other similar requisition from a government or the judiciary, or to establish or defend a legal application; or, (3) the third party is a subcontractor of Give.zone in the carrying out of services (for example: Give.zone uses the services of an internet provider or a telecommunications company).

**Your data protection rights**

In accordance with the European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR), you have a right of access, correction, and removal of your personal data which you may exercise by sending us a support ticket at support@give.zone. Your requests will be processed within 30 days. We may require your request to be accompanied by a photocopy of proof of identity or authority.

You are also able at any time to modify personal data by logging into your account and clicking on “Account Settings.”

**Cookies/Tracking**

As a general rule, Give.zone uses cookies to improve and personalize its website and/or measure its audience. Cookies are files saved to your local storage when browsing on the internet and in particular on our site. A cookie is not used to gather your personal data without your knowledge but instead to record information on site browsing which can be read directly by Give.zone on your subsequent visits.

You can choose to decline acceptance of all cookies, but your ability to browse certain pages of the site may be reduced. The cookies used by Give.zone are intended to enable or facilitate communication, to enable the services requested by users to be supplied, to recognize users when they re-visit the site, or other preferences necessary for the service requested to be supplied and to enable Give.zone, internally, to carry out analyses on hit rates and browsing experience so as to improve content, to track email open rates, click rates, and bounce-back rates at individual levels.

By default, cookies are not installed automatically (except for those cookies needed to run Give.zone’s Service, and you are informed of their installation by a clickable banner with a text description). In accordance with the regulations that apply, Give.zone will require your authorization before implanting any other kind of cookie to your local storage. To avoid being bothered by these routine requests for authorization and to enjoy uninterrupted browsing, you can configure your device to accept Give.zone cookies, or we can remember your refusal or acceptance of certain cookies. By default, browsers accept all cookies.

When you access third party sites on our website, or when you are reading integration or social media links, cookies can be created by the companies disseminating these links. These third parties may be able to use cookies in the context of Give.zone’s Service (partners or other third parties supplying content or services available on the Give.zone site) and are responsible for the cookies they install, and it is their conditions on cookies which apply. Give.zone assumes no liability regarding the possible use of cookies by third parties. For more information, you are advised to check the cookie policy directly on these third-party sites concerning their use of cookies.

**III. Third Party Services**

Users may enable third party services. When enabled, Give.zone may share information with third party services. Third party services are not owned or controlled by Give.zone and third parties that have been granted access to information may have their own policies and practices for its collection and use. Please check the privacy settings and notices in these third party services or contact the provider for any questions.

Give.zone also works with third party providers which provide important functions to us that allow us to provide You a better service, and other business partners. We need to disclose user data to them from time to time so that the Service can be performed.

We only share information with the third party that is required for the service they are offering and contractually bind these providers to keep any information. We share with them as confidential and to be used only for particular purposes.

**IV. Data Retention Period**

Give.zone collects your personal data for the requirements of carrying out its contractual obligations as well as information about how and when you use our Service, and we retain this data in active databases, log files or other types of files so long as you use our Service, and in accordance with the current regulations in force.

Give.zone in no way undertakes to store all your data indefinitely. You can access data so long as you hold an active account with us and for a period that varies depending on the type of data concerned, but, in no event no longer than 12 months after the closing of your account. The data may be deleted at any time during active use of your account.

**V. Security and Data Center Location**

Give.zone's primary data and servers are hosted at ****[**Digital Ocean's**](https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/privacy/) data center in Frankfurt.

To this end, Give.zone implements industry standard security measures to protect personal data from unauthorized disclosure by using industry recommended methods of encoding.

Moreover, to avoid in particular all unauthorized access, to guarantee accuracy and the proper use of the data, Give.zone has put the appropriate electronic, physical and managerial procedures in place to safeguarding and preserving the data gathered through its services.

Security measures adopted by Give.zone include: 

  * Access to the information stored within Give.zone's servers is restricted to a limited number of Give.zone employees and Third Parties who can access the information only in specific and limited circumstances and are bound by confidentiality.
  * Give.zone's servers are protected by (1) firewalls establishing a barrier between Our trusted, secure internal network and the Internet and (2) IP restrictions, limiting access to whitelisted IP addresses.
  * Each User may only access information pertaining to its Give.zone account.
  * We use HTTPS for Give.zone's Services providing secure transfer of data to prevent wiretapping and man-in-the-middle attacks.



Notwithstanding this, there is no absolute safety from piracy or hackers. That is why in the event a breach of security was to affect you, Give.zone undertakes to inform you thereof without undue delay and to use its best efforts to take all possible measures to neutralize the intrusion and minimize the impacts. Should you suffer any loss by reason of the exploitation by a third party of a security breach, Give.zone undertakes to provide you with every assistance necessary, so that you can assert your rights.

You should keep in mind that any user, customer or hacker who discovers and takes advantage of a breach in security renders him or herself liable to criminal prosecution and that Give.zone will take all measures, including filing a complaint and/or bringing court action, to preserve the data and the rights of its users and of itself and to limit the impacts.

Give.zone reviews its information collection and processing practices periodically and will review and amend this Privacy Policy accordingly.

**VI. Uploading Content**

You must be a registered user of the site to post or submit content. Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose online (such as comments, forum input, profile information or information or content in your videos, photos, audio or text uploads) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. Your Give.zone account name (not your email address) will be displayed to others if you submit Contest or Activity entry, send a message via the site or post comments on different areas of the site. Content that you submit to the site may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public.

**VII. Your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation**

Pursuant to the regulations you have the right to be informed about what you can do with your personal data that we collected. In accordance with General Data Protection Regulation you have such rights:

  * **Right to erasure.** You have the right to have your data no longer processed and have been erased if the personal data are no longer needed in connection with the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed, if consent was withdrawn or objection was filed and there are no other legal basis for processing. If we disclosed your personal data to third parties, we will inform them about the erasure of the personal data, unless it is impossible or involves disproportionate effort to do so.

  * **Right to restriction on processing.** You can restrict processing of personal data if you believe the data is not accurate. In this situation, the processing will be restricted until the accuracy of data is verified otherwise only if you consent or to exercise legal claims, or for the protection of rights of another natural or legal person. If we have disclosed the personal data in question to third parties, we will inform them about the restriction on the processing of the personal data, unless it is impossible or involves disproportionate effort to do so. We will notify you before lifting a restriction.

  * **Right to objection to processing.** You have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests (including profiling) and direct marketing (including profiling). We will no longer process your data, unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for processing or we need to process the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.

  * **Right to portability.** You have the right to receive personal data that you provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another data controller.

  * **Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.** You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in your residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes the Regulation.




In case you want to exercise your right, contact us: support@give.zone

**VIII. Privacy Policy Changes**

Give.zone reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time, in particular pursuant to any changes made to the laws and regulations in force. Any modifications made will be notified to you via our website or by email, to the extent possible, fourteen (14) days at least before any changes come into force.

Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Give.zone's Privacy Policy or practices. You may contact us at support@give.zone or at our mailing address below:

PE Andrii Liskov (INN 3186010870)  
address: Ukraine 02000, Kyiv, 119 Saksaganskogo St  
email: support@give.zone
