> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the givemegay.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-04-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120413175618id_/http%3A//www.givemegay.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Free Gay Tube Movies, Hardcore Gay Porn Video Clips - GiveMeGay.com

The owners and operators of Givemegay.com shall be known in this Privacy Policy as We, Us and Our. We understand that User privacy is very important and therefore have set out information which explains what information is collected from you, the User and how it is used.

Only adults who are at least 18 years old (21 years old in some jurisdictions) may navigate, sign up to become a member or use Givemegay.com. All persons under this age must leave the site immediately.

WHAT IS COLLECTED

During the registration process and through communication with the customer service department, We collect personal information provided such as name and email address. When Users surf the website, anonymous demographic information may also be collected such as browser information, browser language, referring URL and IP address. If Users choose to post messages or comments anywhere on the website then any information about the User will be kept on Givemegay.com. Lastly, if Users send personal correspondence via email, ticket or chat, such information will be maintained as a record of correspondence.  
Upon registering, Users have the option to provide additional personal information such as their birthdate, relationship status and sexual orientation. This personal identifiable information may become publicly available and used by any other User or visitor to Givemegay.com. The username You choose is displayed to other Users and other users may contact You through private messages via Givemegay.com  
Whilst non registered Users may use the service without providing their name or email address, their IP address will be recorded.

SECURITY

We take reasonable precautions to maintain security of any information obtained from and about Users, and to protect against the loss, misuse and alterations of information under Our control. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Givemegay.com and you do so at your own risk.  
User login information must be protected by the User. We advise all Users NOT to share username and password details with anyone. It is the Users responsibility to keep password information confidential. 

HOW INFORMATION IS USED

All information collected is used to facilitate viewing of content and features at Givemegay.com.   
We may use the information collected to improve marketing, analyse site usage, improve content offerings, customize site layout and provide information about Givemegay.com to its Users. We are constantly striving to deliver the best to Users and We may use the information collected to deliver information targeted to User interests. Such information may be sold, shared, licensed or rented out to our partners, affiliated or unaffiliated third party web service providers who display banners or links on Givemegay.com. We encourage Users to read their policies, terms and conditions as they are not the same as Ours.

COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS

Cookies are pieces of information generated by web servers and stored on the computer used to access and surf websites for future access. Givemegay.com uses cookies to enhance User experience by making it easier to navigate or make a feature work better. If a cookie is removed some of the features may not function properly. Web beacons are a standard electronic image that is not ordinarily visible to Users and is used to track use of a website; this information helps customize the services offered. We use both technologies to provide Users with a great experience at Givemegay.com.

EMAIL MARKETING

We may use Users and former Users email addresses to communicate new services, subscription information and special offers from our partners, third parties or Givemegay.com. When Users and former Users are presented with special offers from Us, our partners or third parties they may include consent to receive email solicitations, communications, newsletters, commercial advertising and other promotional or special event materials. All emails from Us include simple instructions on how to unsubscribe and this may be done at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email, visiting http://www.td3x.com or by contacting customer service. Users may NOT opt out of receiving emails regarding account details such as responses to questions or website change notifications.

SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES

We may disclose personal information collected if required by law, court order or other governmental authority or when We believe in good faith that disclosing this information is otherwise necessary or advisable, including to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with the rights or property of Givemegay.com  
In the event of a change of ownership (merger, acquisition, sale of assets) We reserve the right to transfer all User information collected in connection with Givemegay.com to such separate entity.

CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY

We may change this privacy policy at any time. You agree that we are under no obligation to send you notice of such changes. Instead it is your responsibility to check this privacy policy from time to time. 

LEGAL

This policy does not apply to any linked website to Givemegay.com. Please consult the privacy policy, terms and conditions of the website to which the redirection may occur if clicking on a banner or advertisement.  
By using/navigating Givemegay.com, Users acknowledge they have read, understood and agree to be bound by this privacy policy, the terms and conditions of Givemegay.com  
Feel free to contact Us at WildBlue Media Ltd, c/o OSI Inc, Thomas Daniel Building, Suite 12, Hincks Street, Bridgetown, BB11144, Barbados. support@Givemegay.com 
