> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the giveawayhopper.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190304085501id_/https%3A//giveawayhopper.com/privacy.pdf) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy
Effective date: February 06, 2019
Sirmo ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.giveawayhopper.com website
(hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of
personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the
collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in
this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.giveawayhopper.com
Definitions
        Service
        Service is the https://www.giveawayhopper.com website operated by Sirmo
        Personal Data
        Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those
        data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come
        into our possession).
        Usage Data
        Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service
        or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
        Cookies
        Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and
improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable
information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally
identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
•   Email address
•   First name and last name
•   Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional
materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving


any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or the
instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol
address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you
visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers
and other diagnostic data.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we
hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique
identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other
tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track
information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being
sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our
Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
•   Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
•   Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and
    various settings.
•   Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
•   Advertising Cookies. Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements
    that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Use of Data
Sirmo uses the collected data for various purposes:
•   To provide and maintain our Service
•   To notify you about changes to our Service
•   To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do
    so
•   To provide customer support
•   To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
•   To monitor the usage of our Service
•   To detect, prevent and address technical issues


•    To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods,
     services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already
     purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on -
computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental
jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Netherlands and choose to provide information to us, please note
that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Netherlands and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information
represents your agreement to that transfer.
Sirmo will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated
securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data
will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place
including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
Sirmo may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary
to:
•    To comply with a legal obligation
•    To protect and defend the rights or property of Sirmo
•    To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
•    To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
•    To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission
over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use
commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its
absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service
Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us
in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our
behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.


Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
         Piwik / Matomo
         Piwik or Matomo is a web analytics service. You can visit their Privacy Policy page
         here: https://matomo.org/privacy-policy
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support
and maintain our Service.
         Bing Ads
         Bing Ads is an advertising service provided by Microsoft Inc.
         You can opt-out from Bing Ads by following the instructions on Bing Ads Opt-out
         page: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-
         us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
         For more information about Bing Ads, please visit their Privacy Policy:
         https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/PrivacyStatement
         AdButler
         AdButler is an advertising service provided by Sparklit Networks Inc.
         For more information about AdButler, please visit their Privacy Policy:
         https://www.sparklit.com/agreements.spark?agreement=privacy
         Unity Ads
         Unity Ads is provided by Unity Technologies.
         You can opt-out from Unity Ads service by following the instructions as described by
         Unity Technologies on their Privacy Policy page:
         https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
         For more information about Unity Technologies, please visit Unity Technologies
         Privacy Policy: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third
party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review
the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or
practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age
of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us
with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal


Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that
information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by
posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the
change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this
Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
•    By email: sirtradingbusiness1@gmail.com
•    By visiting this page on our website: https://www.giveawayhopper.com/contact
