> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the givingassistant.org privacy policy that was archived on 2016-04-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160416235800id_/https%3A//givingassistant.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Giving Assistant - Privacy Policy

We take your privacy very seriously.

It’s important to us that you understand exactly how Giving Assistant is operating and how that might relate to your privacy. We strive to create relationships with advertising and fulfillment partners that believe in and respect your privacy, too. While we do not control the third-party websites of our partners, we do strongly encourage our partners to post Privacy Policies clearly and conspicuously, and to protect the information of their users. Individually identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to anyone without first receiving your permission, as explained in this Privacy Policy. All of the staff at Giving Assistant, as well as their families and friends, are Giving Assistant users. Rest assured, your personal information will be protected the same way as we would protect our own or that of the people who are closest to us.

Scope: This privacy policy applies to information, including personal information, collected about you by Giving Assistant, its web sites, its software available from those websites, and its affiliates.

Highlights:

  * Information Collection – We collect personal information about you from a variety of sources, including:


  * When you provide information to us directly.
  * When you visit our site or use our products and services.
  * Through Third Party services, such as our affiliate partnerships, private label partnerships, and registering through Facebook Connect.
  * Information Uses – We use your personal information to validate your identity, communicate with you, provide you with a customized web experience, and to fulfill legal and regulatory obligations.
  * Contact Us - Giving Assistant encourages you to provide us with feedback regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have questions, comments or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact help@givingassistant.org or send mail to the following address: Giving Assistant, Inc., 225 Bush St. 12th Floor c/o RocketSpace, San Francisco, CA 94104.  



Information Collection: We collect non-personally identifiable information (non-PII) and personally-identifying information (PII) from our customers and visitors to our websites and from users of our downloadable applications. We only collect PII when a customer explicitly chooses to provide it, as when registering with Giving Assistant and emailing Giving Assistant through our online contact form. If we do combine the non-personally identifiable information with personally-identifiable information, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information (PII) under this Privacy Policy.

Collection and Use of Personal Information (PII) We collect and store Personal Information when you register to become a Giving Assistant user, ask a question, complete a form, or send us an email. We use your personal information to provide you with a customized web profile, validate your identity, improve our products, notify you of important updates, respond to your requests, and to fulfill legal and regulatory obligations. The products and preferences you have set up in your Giving Assistant account will be used for internal market research activities as deemed necessary by Giving Assistant.

Your PII information will not be supplemented from any other source. None of your personal information is ever shared with any third party without your permission.

We collect PII in the following ways:

Contact Us Form: When you use the Contact Us form on [givingassistant.org](https://web.archive.org/#), we collect your email and browser information in order to answer your question appropriately. We do not store this information and only use it to respond to your question or provide you with technical support.

Registration: During the registration process, you have the option to register with Facebook or to create your own profile. Registration is essential so the user can track their contributions. It also ensures the revenue generated by each user is distributed to the charities they support.

  * Create a Profile: If you elect to create your own account, we ask you for your email address, username and password to maintain total transparency.


  * At registration, you will be presented with the option to opt-out of marketing emails, such as promotional deals and discounts from our partner retails.
  * Facebook Connect: You can log in to our site using the Facebook Connect sign-in service. This service will authenticate your identity and give you the option to communicate with us about the Giving Assistant application and post information about your activities on this web site to your profile page to share with others on your network. Facebook provides us with your basic information, such as your username, profile picture, gender, user ID, list of friends, as well as your email. Should you choose not to provide your email, you will be allowed to change it to an anonymous email address.



Invite Friends functionality:  We use Facebook, Twitter, MySpace, LinkedIn, AddThis, and ShareThis to provide “Invite a Friend” services.  These services will authenticate your identity and give you the opportunity to invite your friends and contacts to use Giving Assistant. We do not have access to or control over PII submitted to these services. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personally identifiable information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy practices as Giving Assistant. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of any other service provider from whom you request services.  If you visit a third party website that is linked to a Giving Assistant site, you should read that site’s privacy statement before providing any personally identifiable information.

Age Restrictions on Giving Assistant User: In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we do not allow the use of our products or collect PII from any persons under the age of 18. We take measures to prevent the distribution of our software on websites targeting children under 18 by preventing our distribution partners, affiliates, and private label partnerships from such distribution. We engage in commercially reasonable oversight in determining where advertisements promoting the installation of our certified software appear. Additionally, we take measures to remove our content from individuals under the age of 18 and remove any stored information about the person from our database.

Updating Your Personal Information

A user may access their personally identifiable information through a secure login on our website. If your personally identifiable information changes, you may correct or make updates in the “My Profile” section of our website. If you should no longer desire our services, you may delete or deactivate your personally identifiable information by emailing us at help@givingassistant.org or contacting us through the mail at: Giving Assistant Inc., 225 Bush St. 12th Floor c/o RocketSpace, San Francisco, CA 94104.

Collection and Use of Information by Giving Assistant Websites (non-PII) Some of the information Giving Assistant receives about your visit to givingassistant.org, and any white label branded Giving Assistant website may be used for our internal research and to help us improve the site and the services Giving Assistant offers to its customers. In general, the Internet addresses of computers, also known as IP addresses, are logged to track user sessions on an anonymous basis. Giving Assistant analyzes this data for certain trends and statistics, such as which parts of our site users are visiting, how long they spend there, browser type and server load. The IP address tracking is done in the aggregate form and we do not link this information to personally identifiable information. This information is collected automatically by almost all major web servers.

We may use the non-PII information listed above for the following purposes:

  * Fulfill your requests for products and services;
  * Manage your user account and preferences;
  * Analyze use of and improve our website, products and services;
  * Facilitate use of our website;
  * Offer promotions and updates from our partners that may be of interest to you;
  * Customize the content that you see on our website;
  * Identify and protect against fraudulent transactions and other misuses of our website; and
  * Ad targeting
  * Market research
  * Enforce our Terms of Services



Collection and Use of Information by Giving Assistant Browser App (PII)

In order to use the Giving Assistant App, (Product), you may be asked to provide certain information, such as personal information (including your email address, username and password) at the point of registration. You voluntarily provide all such information. Giving Assistant does not utilize such information for the purpose of displaying advertisements or profiling and does not sell, rent or lease such information to third parties.

Our Product automatically collects information from you to enable the Product’s services. Information collected includes IP address, browser details, merchant transaction history, and search keywords. By installing the Product, you authorize Giving Assistant to periodically collect certain information such as portions of Web site addresses or complete URLs from the Web sites you visit and upload this information to our servers so that we may improve your Giving Assistant experience. The Product does not collect, store, or use PII, and Giving Assistant does not receive PII, as a result of your use of this Software.

Collection of PII from Third Party Affiliates: We engage in business relations with third party companies and affiliate providers and offer unique services to members of such companies within a private label environment. In turn, some pages of our website may contain both the Giving Assistant brand and the third party brand. The Third Party may not use the personalized services to collect any PII and is prohibited from doing so. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the pages in the personalized environment.

If you entered our website or downloaded our app by clicking an affiliated link or promotion from another site we will store the ID of that affiliate site in our database. We do this to make sure that the affiliate site receives proper credit for any subsequent earnings that may come from your use of Giving Assistant products.

We reserve the right to share your PII as required by law and when we believe that it is necessary to protect the rights of our company and/or comply with a legal guidelines, court mandates, or legal process served on our website.

We also allow users to register for our product using Facebook Connect. We treat information obtained from such sources as we would information obtained from a registration form. We will not use the information submitted by the user for any purpose outside of those previously stated in the privacy agreement.

Cookies

When you download the Giving Assistant browser app we send a small file to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser app. This file is called a cookie. We use this cookie to identify you as a Giving Assistant user and it facilitates the display of the preferences, settings and customization options that you have selected for your Giving Assistant product(s). Your browser is probably set up by default to accept cookies, including Giving Assistant cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to alert you when a cookie is being sent to your computer. You should be aware, however, that some of Giving Assistant’s features may not function properly if you disable cookies on your computer.

Information Security

To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, Giving Assistant has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure all personal information that Giving Assistant collects online. These security measures include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store your personal data.

In addition, we restrict access to personal information only to Giving Assistant employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These parties are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. Unfortunately, no security system can be 100% secure. With that said, Giving Assistant cannot guarantee the security of any information provided to us in connection with the information that we collect through our website and browser app.

Links and Recommended Sites

Giving Assistant products contain links to other websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to Giving Assistant products and websites. Giving Assistant makes no representations or warranties about, nor is it responsible for, the Privacy practices of other websites. When you enter a linked website (via our products or site), Giving Assistant encourages you to read the Privacy Policy of that linked website, as its Privacy Policy may differ substantially from that of www.givingassistant.org.

Changes to Giving Assistant’s Privacy Policy

By using Giving Assistant products and our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this Policy and to Giving Assistant’s user agreement. Giving Assistant may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will send you a notification of the material change upon installation of update via email or other obvious method, such as posting the notice to your account dashboard. In addition, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. If you do not wish your information to be used under the new Policy, you can request that your account and all associated data be deleted at any time. You can also uninstall our products at any time using standard uninstall methods.
