> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fleetfarm.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080618200600id_/http%3A//www.fleetfarm.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Mills Fleet Farm » Privacy Policy

Notice of Privacy Policy 

Welcome to the Internet website (the "Site") of Fleet Wholesale Supply Company, Inc., d/ba/ Mills Fleet Farm (hereinafter "Mills"). The Site has been published and is being maintained for your personal information and convenience only. 

This statement details the current information gathering and sharing practices of Mills. However, the Site is continually improved by adding new functionality and features as well as products, services and programs. Because of these changes, changes in the law and the changing nature of technology, the information gathering and sharing practices of Mills may change from time to time without notice. We encourage you to review the Privacy & Security statement for this Site whenever you use this Site to make sure you understand our current practices.   
Information Collection and Use   
Mills will not sell, share, or rent information gathered through this Site in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. 

The Site collects information from the users at several different points on the Site. 

1\. Children's Online Privacy: As identified below, some portions of the Site may require users to complete and submit personally identifiable information. The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) prohibits certain commercial practices related to gathering, storing, and disclosing personal information about children under the age of 13 who use the Internet. Mills will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information about children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent.   
Mills cannot prohibit minors from visiting the Site. Mills must rely on parents, guardians and those responsible for supervision of children to monitor the Internet activities of children under the age of 13. 

Each time you submit personally identifiable information about yourself or your family on this Site, you are representing to Mills that your are 18 years of age or older. 

2\. Anonymous, Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Mills uses technology to collect anonymous, non-personally identifiable information when you visit the Site, which may include your IP address, domain server, type of computer, type of web browser and the address of a referring web site, if any (collectively "Traffic Data"). Additionally, the Site may use "cookie" technology and "action tags." A cookie is a data file stored on the user's computer. By having the Site set a cookie you will not have to enter certain information more than once, thereby saving time while on the Site. If you reject the cookie, you may still use the Site but your use of the Site may be limited. An action tag is a random identifying number that is embedded on your browser. Every time you view a page or link on the Site your action tag number will be logged in association with that page or link. These action tags allow Mills to compile statistics and other data about your use of the Site. This data is then used to analyze trends in order to allow us to improve the layout and design of the Site based on these compiled statistics as well as to administer the Site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Mills may share non-personally identifiable data with third parties on an aggregate basis.   
3\. Personally Identifiable Information:   
Through the Site, a user may have the option to provide feedback to Mills via e-mail or to request additional information about a product or service by completing and submitting a Contact Form. If the user chooses to contact Mills through the Site, the user is required to give certain personally identifiable information such as the users name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, etc. (collectively "Contact Information"). Submitting a Contact Form is strictly voluntary. The information provided on the Contact Form is used to contact the user in response to the user's feedback or request may be used to contact the user at a later date on related matters. 

Through the Site, a user may have the option to order products by completing and submitting an Order Form. Through the Order Form, the user may be required to give his/her Contact Information and certain "Financial Information," such as the user's social security number, drivers license number, credit card numbers, residence information, employment information, income, education, financial history, etc., and other relevant information. Submitting an Order Form is strictly voluntary. The users Financial Information is provided to financing or banking institutions in order to perform a credit check on the user. The Contact Information and other relevant information on the Order Form is used to contact the user to confirm the order, to place the order with our vendors or suppliers, to notify the user for pickup of the ordered product, and may be used to contact the user at a later date on related matters. 

Through the Site, the user may have the option of becoming a Registered User of the Site by completing and submitting a Registration Form. To become a Registered User, the user may be required to complete a Registration Form in which the user may be required to select a user name and password and provide his/her Contact Information and other relevant information. Submitting the Registration Form is strictly voluntary. The information provided on the Registration Form may be used to provide personal services to Registered Users not available to other users, such as the posting of the Registered User's product order history, scheduled delivery information, and other relevant notices. 

Through the Site, the user may have the option of inquiring into employment opportunities with Mills by completing and submitting an Employment Form. Through the Employment Form, the user may be required to provide his/her Contact Information, employment history, job skills and other relevant information including the position the user is interested in. Submitting the Employment Form is strictly voluntary. The information provided on the Employment Form is used to contact the user in response to the user's employment inquiry and may be used to contact the user at a later date on related matters. 

Sharing of Information   
Mills may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions on its behalf. Examples include but may not be limited to advertising, fulfilling orders, delivering packages, scheduling, sending postal mail and e-mail, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and financing applications, and providing customer services. These other companies and individuals have access to the personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions.   
Contact Information, Financial Information and other personally identifiable information may be shared with contractors, vendors, suppliers, dealers and distributors to fulfill your orders or requests and to perform other administrative duties. We do not sell, rent or share any of your personally identifiable information other than as identified herein. 

We may provide personally identifiable information, as required by law or legal process or to protect and defend the rights of Mills, the Site or other users of the Site, or incident to a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event. In the event disclosure of personally identifiable information is necessary, such disclosure will be made under circumstances that Mills believes is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety of users of this Site or the public. 

Security   
The Site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of its user's personally identifiable information under its contol. All information is stored on a secured server that is not accessible through the Internet. 

Mills strives to maintain the reliability, accuracy, completeness and currency of the personally identifiable information provided by users of the Site and to protect privacy and security. Although Mills cannot guarantee against any loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration or destruction of data, Mills tries to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. 

Because the security of a user's personally identifiable information is a high priority of Mills, numerous steps are taken to ensure that such information is processed confidentially, accurately and securely. This Site uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption technology that is intended to protect the user's personally identifiable information. 

834814.1 
