> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the flexiblewebdesign.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130501024943id_/http%3A//www.flexiblewebdesign.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Main-Others

Your privacy is important to us. flexiblewebdesign.com does not sell, share or rent your personal information to any 3rd parties.  
flexiblewebdesign.com does not share any customer information unless it is necessary to provide you with products or services from flexiblewebdesign.com. We may also disclose information when you tell us to do so, to identify or contact you, to protect your rights or as required by law.

flexiblewebdesign.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other websites to which we link you to, and you should review the privacy policy at each site before providing any information.

As with most online transactions, flexiblewebdesign.com requires a browser that accepts “cookies”. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future

As with most e-commerce web sites, flexiblewebdesign.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks.   This data helps us diagnose and fix problems, analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information, and their collection is standard procedure in most web-server environments.  
By using flexiblewebdesign.com, you signify your agreement to our privacy policy as stated above. Note that this policy may be revised periodically without notice. Please review this policy in detail prior to submitting any personal information if you have concerns about how your information is being collected and used.

This web site uses Google Analytics, a web analyzing service of Google Inc. („Google“). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", i.e. text files stored on your computer and enabling analysis of how you use the web site. The information created by the cookie on how you use this web site (including your IP address) will be transferred to a Google server in the U.S. and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate how you use the web site, to prepare reports on the web site activities for the web site operators and to perform other services in connection with web site and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required by law or to the extent that third parties will process this data on behalf of Google. Under no circumstances will Google align your IP address with any other Google data. You may select a respective setting to prevent the installation of the cookies. However, please be aware that in this case, you may not be able to use all functions of this web site to their full extent. By using this web site, you consent to the processing of the data recorded on you by Google in the way described above and for the purpose previously declared.

We guarantee that we shall not forward your personal data to any third parties beyond this, except for cases where we are required to do so by law or with your advance written agreement.

If you have supplied us with any personal information, you may delete it at any time. Data on invoicing and accounting-related purposes shall not be affected by cancellation/rescission or deletion, as applicable.

Use of our offers is based on the implementation of a cookie. A randomly created session code and your client ID, if applicable, will be stored within the cookie. It is thus possible to recognize you as a registered client. In addition, we store, if available, an affiliate ID and the page that directed you to our pages. A prerequisite for this is that you have activated the cookies in your settings.

If for any reason you no longer agree to the storing of your personal information or it has become incorrect, we will initiate the deletion or blocking of your data or implement the necessary corrections on your instruction (to the extent that this is feasible under applicable law). Upon request, you may receive information on all personal information we have stored on your person free of charge.

If you have any questions about the collection, processing or handling of your personal information, or for the purpose of information on, correction, blocking or deletion of data, please contact us by email under info@flexiblewebdesign.com.
