> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shadowville.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190521100821id_/http%3A//www.shadowville.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Beats by Shadowville Productions

_Last Updated May 24, 2018_

In order to provide you with an enhanced website experience, Shadowville.com incorporates the common, modern internet technologies which may sometimes include personally identifiable information such as your name, email address, street address, and/or telephone number for the purpose of delivering interactive content or improving our service, subject to the terms of this privacy policy. We will never sell, rent, or barter your personally identifable information to any third party at any time without your consent.

**Shadowville Inc. as a Data Controller**  
We only collect personally identifiable information on a voluntary basis. We do not require that you provide this information to gain access to our site, and we do not require you to disclose more information than is reasonably needed to participate in an activity on our site. However, if you do not provide the information that is noted as being required or mandatory in connection with a particular activity, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity. We collect personally identifiable information primarily to e-mail updates and news, to respond to your questions or suggestions, and to complete online transactions. We do not sell any information we gather at our web site to anyone outside of Shadowville Group Inc. We do not transfer or disclose any information we gather at our web site to anyone outside of Shadowville Group Inc. without your prior consent, except (1) in cases where we believe in good faith that we have a legal obligation to disclose such information, and (2) to certain suppliers and/or distributors that assist Shadowville in maintaining and managing the activities on its web site. Please be assured that these suppliers and/or distributors are legally obligated to maintain the confidentiality of this information and do not acquire any rights to use your information for their own benefit. We may share non-identifiable aggregate information about our users with business partners and other third parties in an effort to customize or enhance the content and advertising on our site for our users. 

**Information We Collect**  
If you do not register or make a purchase on the website, the non-personally identifiable data we collect is limited your IP address, internet service provider, city-specific geographic location, and browsing activity. If you register or make a purchase on our website, we retain all required information in order to fulfill your order requisition, including name, e-mail address, institutional association, shipping and billing addresses, and/or partial credit card information. We never collect or retain any of the following personal data: (a) race or ethnic origin; (b) political opinions; (c) religious or philosophical beliefs; (d) trade union memberships; (e) genetic or biometric data; (f) health or mortality; or (g) sex life or sexual orientation. 

**Your Rights to Data Verification**  
If you submitted an order with personally identifiable information, either you or Shadowville will have created a user account containing such information. You may check your information by logging in with your e-mail address to verify, update, or correct it, and to have any obsolete information removed. You may also [contact Shadowville](https://web.archive.org/contact-us) to request the right to review any of the information that we have retained, how we have used it, and to whom we have disclosed it at any time. Subject to certain restrictions by law, and our ability to authenticate your identify, you will be provided with reasonable access to your personal information and the right to challenge and amend the accuracy or completeness of the information. You may also request that you no longer receive any further communication from us, including any physical mailings. 

**Transfer of Data to Shadowville Subsidiaries and Affiliates**  
We do reserve the right, in connection with the potential sale or transfer of the interests of Shadowville and its authorized subsidiaries and affiliates, to transfer your information (including but not limited to your address, name, age, gender, zip code, state, and country of residency and other information that your provide through other communications) to a third party entity that (1) concentrates its business in a similar practice or service, (2) agrees to be Shadowville’s successor in interest with regard to the maintenance and protection of the information collected, and (3) agrees to the obligations of this privacy policy. 

**Transfer of Data to Shadowville Non-Subsidiaries and Non-Affiliates**  
In order to operate the day-to-day activities of the business, it may be necessary to use a third-party provider or tool to facilitate such operations. This specifically includes Google Analytics and Facebook Analytics for us to evaluate our website traffic and advertising performance. These tools do not directly capture your personally identifiable information, but may be indirectly associated with your personally identifiable information through your purchases and identifiable shopping activity. You may also encounter targeted advertisements for our products and services on other external websites due to these third-party analytic tools. You can opt-out of these advertisements by clearing your browser’s cookies. Lastly, we use PayPal’s merchant services to process any credit card transactions, which may cause your name, address, e-mail, and credit card information to be transmitted to PayPal. For your security, we do not retain or store full credit card information in our databases. 

**Polls & Surveys**  
We may periodically conduct polls and surveys on our site. The information we collect from these polls and surveys is only for Shadowville’s use. If sample answers to polls or surveys are posted our web site, no identifiable information is included. 

**Online Purchasing**  
When you order from us on our web site we collect personally identifiable information from you. If you order one of our products or services, we will collect and maintain your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information, order number, referring URL, IP address, page you bought from and a password. We collect this, and other information, in order to fill your order and to communicate with you about your order. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes and additions to the information it contained and these changes will be automatically kept for future use. If you do not provide the information that is noted as being required or mandatory, you will not be able to place orders on our web site.

**Cookies**  
Like many online companies, we sometimes use a technology called “cookies” to enhance your experience on our web site. “Cookies” are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser which the web server is then able to retrieve from the web browser when you visit other pages of our web site or you subsequently visit our web site. Shadowville uses these cookies for a number of purposes, such as saving information about your language preference (so that you do not have to choose it every time you come to our site) or country (if applicable), authenticating registered users, supporting the mechanisms for our shopping cart and online ordering, delivering accurate marketing communications relevant to your interests, and enabling general traffic trend analysis. The cookies Shadowville uses do not contain any personally identifiable information and can not profile your system or collect information from your hard drive. You are not identified by name or e-mail address, just by a unique string of numbers that we assign the first time you come to our site. 

While you do not need to allow your browser to accept cookies in order to browse much of our web site or to access many of our services, you must have cookies enabled if you wish to access content in languages other than English, shop online at our web store, or access any areas reserved for registered users. Most browsers allow you to turn off the cookie function as well as clear existing cookies. If you want to know how to do this, please look at the help menu on your browser. As described above, turning off the cookie function will restrict the on-line services from Shadowville that you can use.

**Children**  
Shadowville Inc. does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children under 13 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately.

**Policy Changes**  
Shadowville Inc. reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Any major or structural changes will be notified in a prominent position on our homepage. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.

**Governing Law**  
Shadowville Inc. is controlled, operated, and administered within the state of New York. This policy and the use of this website are governed by the laws of the state of New York. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
