> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sharewarepromotions.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111226205520id_/http%3A//www.softwarepromotions.com/privacy-policy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SoftwarePromotions Limited privacy policy

This privacy policy sets out how SoftwarePromotions Limited uses and protects any information that you give SoftwarePromotions Limited when you use this website.

SoftwarePromotions Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

SoftwarePromotions Limited may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from June 1st 2011.

What we collect

We may collect the following information when you complete a form on our website:

  * * name 
  * * email address 
  * * IP address 
  * * details of your web browser and operating system



What we do with the information we gather

We use this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

  * * Internal record keeping. 
  * * We may use the information to improve our products and services. 



Security

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. 

How we use cookies

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. 

We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. 

Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. 

You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

Google Analytics 

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by [Google](http://www.google.com/), Inc. ("Google"), and Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. 

Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

GetClicky

This website uses [GetClicky](http://www.getclicky.com/), a web analytics service provided by Roxr. Roxr values the privacy of its users. Roxr will not provide any information about its users and/or their traffic data to any third party company for any purpose, unless required to do so by law.

Roxr makes data available to the public about trends in internet usage, such as web browser and operating system market share, on the following web page: <http://getclicky.com/marketshare/>. These reports are generated from the data from every web site being monitored by the Service. These reports are generic in nature and do not contain any personally identifiable information.

VisualWebsiteOptimizer

This website uses [VisualWebsiteOptimizer](http://www.visualwebsiteoptimizer.com/), a multivariate testing system provided by [Wingify](http://www.wingify.com/).

Visual Website Optimizer will not share your personal information without your consent or unless required by law. By the nature of our Service, Visual Website Optimizer will gather statistics about the usage of our website and store that information. Visual Website Optimizer will not share website statistics without your consent.

Links to other websites

Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

How we use your personal information

We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We will not use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.

You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the following address: Dave Collins, SoftwarePromotions Limited, PO Box 5823, New Milton, Hampshire, BH25 5ZW, England.

If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
