> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sharefile.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180515181658id_/https%3A//www.sharefile.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Citrix ShareFile Privacy Policy - Citrix ShareFile

PERSONAL INFORMATION: We collect personal information from users through our Site, including first and last names, email address, billing contact information, credit card number and a password. When a user registers online for a free trial of the service, ShareFile may take steps to validate the credit card and billing information supplied to us to ensure it is accurate. We may also use this information to determine your eligibility for our one-time free trial offer. When you fill in your name, email address, phone number and other information to start your free trial, we may retain the information even if you do not click "Continue" to complete the account setup process. We may use the information to contact you regarding ShareFile's services.

Your email address may be used to send you periodic product newsletters, offers and usage tips from ShareFile. You can opt out of promotional emails at any time, but will still receive communications such as receipts, confirmation emails and customer service updates that are considered necessary to provide the service to you. We use the information collected to deliver and improve services, process payments, update our records, communicate with you about products, updates and services, personalize and improve your experience, and generally maintain your accounts with us. With the provisioning of additional services such as ShareFile Legal, we may collect additional information such as law firm name, matter name and other input necessary to provide the service. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active, as needed to provide you services, to communicate with you about services and products, to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services or communicate with you, contact us at [support@sharefile.com](mailto:support@sharefile.com).

SESSION RECORDS: To maintain our quality of service and to assist in the analysis of product performance, we may also gather data on connection information, including the timing and size of all packets sent over the Internet during a session. The gathered information is used only to ensure the highest quality experience possible when using ShareFile products.

SECURITY INFORMATION: ShareFile also collects certain standard information about your computer for security and identification purposes. This information may include: IP addresses, domain names, access times, browser type and browser version, cookies, and other unique identifying information of machines that have our software downloaded and installed on them. This information is used for the operation of the service, to identify and protect our customers and to control unauthorized use or abuse of our services. All information is encrypted during transmission and is stored securely within our servers.

SURVEYS: In addition to required member information, we may conduct surveys and ask users to volunteer demographic information to be used on an aggregate basis for internal market research, presentation to advertisers and joint research projects with outside companies involved in product development. We use such information to better focus our product and personalize the scope of services offered to each individual user.

TESTIMONIALS: We may post publicly available testimonials we receive via social media channels such as Twitter and Facebook to our web site. If you wish to have your testimonial removed, you can contact us via one of the methods listed in this Online Privacy Policy.

COOKIES: We use cookies to collect and track information and to improve our service. A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them. When you register on the Site, we may use cookies to store unique, randomly assigned user IDs that we generate for administrative purposes. We may use "persistent cookies" to store personal information including registration data and passwords to enable you to enter the Site without having to log on each time. Persistent cookies may remain on your computer's hard drive after you terminate your session. We may use "session cookies" to enable certain features of the Site, track user traffic patterns, monitor aggregate usage and enhance the overall user experience. Session cookies usually expire and are deleted when you close your web browser. Credit card information is not stored in cookies.

Local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, may be used by third parties for some of our product training videos. These cookies are used to store preferences for the videos such as volume control. Flash cookies are not used to back up, recreate, or re-spawn a browser cookie that a user may delete. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of and type of data stored, as well as the way that data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies please [click here](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118).

You can use your browser settings to instruct your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all of the functionalities of the ShareFile products and services. You can still review the Site if you choose to set your browser to refuse all cookies; however, session cookies must be enabled to establish an account and to download and install any of our software.

ShareFile also partners with select marketing companies and affiliates to help us track the effectiveness of our Site, generate visitor traffic and manage our advertising on other sites. When a third party refers a visitor to us from any other site, they set a web beacon and a cookie on our Site. An ad ID and a partner ID are stored in the cookie, but no personal information specific to the actual visitor is stored. ShareFile does not see the cookie. We only include the web beacon on our page, which results in a request to the partner's servers from the customer's browser. We have no control over their use of tracking technologies after they are placed on our Site. These third parties may use this information to deliver targeted advertising to you on other websites you visit. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by [clicking here](http://preferences.truste.com/2.0). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.

ANALYTICS: We continuously improve our Site, our products and we utilize different third party analytical tools to help us do so. We are interested in how visitors use our Site, our desktop tools, and our mobile applications and what they like and dislike, and where they have problems. Our products, desktop tools and mobile applications use analytical tools to understand feature usage patterns, to enhance and improve your product experience and offer you specific ShareFile usage tips and guidance. To increase functionality and enhance your user experience, this usage information may be linked to personal information that we have about individual users. We maintain ownership of this data and we do not share this type of data about individual users with third parties.

Our mobile applications also use analytical tools to help gather non-personally identifiable data about download and application usage. In our use of mobile applications we may utilize GeoLocation data, but only if you specifically opt-in to collection of such data in connection with a particular service. We may use information such as IP addresses to determine the general geographic areas of our visitors, but this information is not correlated to personal information about individual users. The web beacons used in connection with our web analytics services do not share any personal information about our Site or our visitors with third parties. These tools may gather data such as what browser a person uses, what operating systems are used, what is downloaded, and what content, products and services are reviewed when visiting or registering for services on our Site or mobile applications. This information is used solely to assist ShareFile in maintaining a more effective and useful Site for our customers.

We, or our third-party service providers acting on our behalf, collect and track information including aggregate traffic patterns, domain names, browser types, MIME types and web pages visited before coming to our Site. To increase functionality and enhance your user experience, this information may sometimes be correlated with personal information about individual users.

We may use information we obtain through the Site and our products in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.

GOOGLE ANALYTICS: We use Google Analytics as described in “[How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).” You can prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics on websites by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on [here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). We also employ IP address masking, a technique used to truncate IP addresses collected by Google Analytics and store them in an abbreviated form to prevent them from being traced back to individual users. We may also use Google Analytics Demographics and Interests. We use the data provided by this service (such as age range, gender and interests) to better understand our website audience and tune our communications appropriately. Portions of our website may also use Google Analytics for Display Advertisers including DoubleClick or Dynamic Remarketing which provide interest-based ads based on your visit to this or other websites. You can use Ads Settings to manage the Google ads you see and opt-out of interest-based ads.

SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES: Our Website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like and Google +1 buttons. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
