> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sharingseries.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151231191708id_/http%3A//sharingseries.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

We understand that You are placing the information on our website, giving us trust. We appreciate it, and provides a high degree of security and confidentiality of your personal data.  
We collect and store any information You enter on our website or give us in any other way. Such information includes information that personally identifies You (“Personal account”), including your name, email addresses, username, password, etc. You can not provide such information to us, but we encourage you to provide at least part of it, so You can take advantage of our website, as a registered user. For example, only registered users can post comments, download subtitles, use chat and RSS feed, to view information that is available only to registered users of the website. In addition, some of the information we need in order for You to ask us questions or communicate with us in any other way. You can leave your contact information for other visitors. But before You see the contact information of other users, you must obtain their consent.  
We don’t provide your personal contact information. We don’t allow third parties to collect your personal contact details. You can add or update your contact information on your personal account. You can delete your personal account on our website.  
**SharingSeries**  can update the Privacy Policy in the future. Notice of any changes will be posted at the website. If You have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us: **sharseries@gmail.com**.
