> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sharemylesson.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630144615id_/http%3A//www.sharemylesson.com/article.aspx%3FstoryCode%3D6000267%26navCode%3D423) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - Help - Share My Lesson

This is the Privacy Policy that applies to (a) the website located at _sharemylesson.com_ and all corresponding web pages and websites associated with the foregoing URL ('Website') and (b) any other content, applications, features, functionality, information and services offered by us through the Website (together with the Website, collectively the 'Service'). which are under the control of SML JV, LLC of Share My Lesson, 555 New Jersey, Ave. N.W., Washington, DC 20001 United States ('SML'). References to 'we', 'our' and 'us' are references to SML.

Please review our [Terms and Conditions](http://www.sharemylesson.com/article.aspx?storyCode=6000125), which governs your use of the Service. Any capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the [Terms and Conditions](http://www.sharemylesson.com/article.aspx?storyCode=6000125). This Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect, even if your use of or participation in the Service or any particular service, feature, function or promotional activity offered through the Service terminates, expires, ceases, is suspended or deactivated for any reason. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not participate in the Services or any features, activities or services offered through the Service. This Privacy Policy applies regardless of the device you use to access the Service and whether you are accessing the Service as a registered user or otherwise.

This Privacy Policy explains what we do with data relating to you. If you have any questions about this or about personal information that we may hold about you please contact us by email at[ privacy@sharemyleson.com](mailto:privacy@sharemyleson.com) _._

By clicking 'I Agree, 'Finish' or 'Accept' during registration or by using this Service and/or submitting your personal information to the Service, you consent to our processing of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

If you do not accept this Privacy Policy you should not submit your personal data to us and you may find that you will not be able to make full use of the Service.

### Scope of This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy governs only the information collected by us from you, in each instance, on or in connection with your use of the Service, and does not cover any other information collected in any other manner or collected by any other entity, unless specifically stated. We may combine your Information (as defined herein) with other information we collect from other sources, such as information you have provided to third parties, including, but not limited to, our affiliated companies, marketing companies or advertisers and have provided sufficient consent, and, if we do so, our use of the resulting combined Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy. The Service may contain links to other websites over which we have no control. SML is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other websites to which you choose to link from this site. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other websites so you can understand how they may collect, use and share your information.  
When we use the term ' _Personal Information_ ' we mean any information that we collect on or in connection with the Service that would allow someone to identify you or contact you, such as your full name, address, email address or telephone number. When we use the term ' _Additional Information_ ', we mean any information that we collect on or in connection with the Service other than Personal Information, such as your preferences, etc. (Personal Information and Additional Information will be collectively referred to as ' _Information_ '). By visiting, accessing or otherwise using the Service, you affirmatively consent to our collection and use of Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

### Information We Collect

_User Registration_. In order to access and use certain features, content or functions, of the Service, you may be asked to provide and/or make available certain Information, including, but not limited to, in connection with registration features, in order to personalize and/or allow you to use these features and functions. This Information may include, but not be limited to, your email address, legal name, date of birth, preferences, etc. We may collect such Information from users through the use of on-line forms and every time you email us your details. We also collect information about the transactions you undertake, including details of payment methods used.

_Contests, Sweepstakes and Surveys_. To participate in certain Service-related Promotions, including, but not limited to, contests, sweepstakes and surveys, there may be a separate registration process that may require the submission of both Personal Information and Additional Information (including your full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, demographic or profile information, etc.). We will use the Information you provide for the purpose of conducting the Promotion (for example, to contact you if you have won). You may also have the opportunity to opt in to receive special Promotions or offers from our advertisers as a result of your use of the Service.

_Automatic Data Collection and Cookies_. The Service includes features that automatically gather certain Information about your visits to our Service. This includes demographic data and browsing patterns, but it is collected only in aggregate form - no individual user is identified. This is used to build up marketing profiles, to aid strategic development, to manage our relationship with advertisers and to audit usage of the Service. We, or applicable third parties, may use 'cookies' (a small collection of data sent by a web server to a web browser, which lets the server to collect information back from the browser), embedded scripts, and other similar tracking technologies (collectively, ' _Tracking Technologies_ ') to collect Additional Information automatically as you interact with the Service, including to identify you when you visit the Service and associated sites to confirm that you are logged in and to build up a demographic profile. Our use of cookies also may allow users to be presented with a personalized version of the Service. We may also use Tracking Technologies to collect 'clickstream' data, such as your device type, operating system and platform, the average time spent using the Service, content viewed, searched for, access times and other relevant statistics, and may assign unique identifiers to the device or other credentials you use to access and use the Service for the same purposes. We may associate the information obtained through these Tracking Technologies, and other identifiers and data, with your Personal Information so we can better customize your experience using the Services and provide tailored recommendations, advertisements, promotions and other content related to your specific interests, activities or profile. By visiting and using the Service, whether as a registered user or otherwise, you acknowledge, understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the Service as described in this Privacy Policy.   
You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the 'Help' menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) Please note that if you do disable cookies, certain services on this Website may not be available.

_Third-Party Advertising Servicer Providers_. The Service may also use a variety of Third-Party advertising networks, data exchanges, ad servers, and other third parties to, for example, serve the advertisements that you see on the Service. Such services may enable us to collect information about your use of the Service to help target ads to your interests, including, without limitation, through the use of cookies.

### Use of Information

Your information will never be sold to any third party.

Personal Information, including, without limitation, your contact and other details you supply as part of the registration process will be used by us to authenticate your identity, deal with your inquiries and requests and to provide you with any services or products you request in connection with the Service (including to process your orders and administer your account) and contacting you regarding the administration of any features of the Service you have registered to use.   
We may also use your Personal Information for other purposes, including, without limitation:

  * to personalize aspects of the Service;
  * to carry out market research surveys;
  * to contact you about opportunities that we believe may be relevant to you and to provide you with updates about developments on the sites and information about the products and services we offer; and
  * for other purposes disclosed at the time you provide us with the Personal Information or which are reasonably necessary to provide the Service or other related product and/or service requested.



We may use Additional Information for many purposes, including, without limitation the following:

  * accumulating, reporting and disclosing aggregate (so that no individuals are identified) information in connection with the Service and user activity, and for marketing and strategic development purposes (i.e., to identify employment trends across different industries, such as salary averages);
  * saving certain Additional Information for your ongoing use of the Service;
  * for the uses described for 'Personal Information' above; and
  * for other purposes disclosed at the time you provide us with the Additional Information or which are reasonably necessary to provide the Service or other related product and/or service requested.



It is your responsibility to ensure that any Information submitted as part of the registration process to your user account is accurate and up to date.

### User Choice and Access, including Opting Out of Certain Uses of Your Information

By accessing, interacting with, launching, downloading or otherwise using the Service and providing and/or making available us with your contact information, (a) you expressly choose to receive certain communications from us and certain third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, and (b) you expressly agree to the privacy practices described herein. You may change your privacy preferences (e.g., choose to cease receiving certain communications or ask us not to share your Personal Information with a particular Third-Party) by sending an email to us at _email_ detailing your privacy request. Except as described in this Privacy Policy, SML will get your permission before we use the Personal Information you provide to us in a way that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy or share your Personal Information with third parties that are not affiliated with SML. If you ask SML to stop using your Personal Information, we will honor that request while retaining a record of any Personal Information as necessary to comply with applicable federal, state or local law.   
At times, you may be presented with the option of whether to receive or be automatically entered to receive certain marketing and promotional communications from us and others that we think will be of interest to you. If you have elected to receive information about our products or services or the products or services offered jointly with or on behalf of other organizations and would like at any time to unsubscribe from this service, please email us at [service@sharemylesson.com](mailto:service@sharemylesson.com) or follow the specific instructions included in such communications. Please note that 'opt out' and 'unsubscribe' requests may not take effect immediately and may take a reasonable amount of time to receive, process and apply, during which time your Information shall remain subject to the terms and conditions herein. Additionally, you should be aware that any Information provided to third parties prior to your election to opt out or unsubscribe cannot be retrieved or rescinded by us unless required by applicable law, and you cannot retroactively opt out or unsubscribe with respect to such third parties. Also, please note that in order to keep you informed about the operation of the Service and related services, we reserve the right to send you emails and announcements that are needed for the proper functioning and administration of the Service, including for the purposes described in the section above, in connection with your use of such Service.

### Disclosures

Generally, we will not disclose any Personal Information we keep about you to any third parties, except for (1) where you have agreed to the sharing of data or (2) as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to use any aggregated data we collect in connection with your access to and/or use of the Services, including, but not limited to, for the purposes described in the section titled 'Use of Information' above. We may disclose Personal Information to our affiliated companies for marketing and/or administrative purposes. You can choose to opt out of certain such uses as described above. Further, we may share and disclose additional information to third parties, but we do not disclose Personal Information to them except as described in this Privacy Policy. Also, please be aware that our affiliated companies, including all of their respective business units, subsidiaries, affiliates and sites, entities into which our companies may be merged, or entities to which any of our assets, products, sites or operations may be transferred, may obtain from us and be able to use your Personal Information.

### Content Posted By You

If you make your Personal Information available to friends, colleagues and/or any users of the Service through use of any features or functions of the Services, including, without limitation, on a forum, then it will be shared within the relevant community. Also, if you post any Personal Information on or in connection with the Service, including, without limitation, to any of our forums, this Information will immediately be made available to other users throughout the world who may use it to send you unsolicited communications. In some circumstances we may display pseudonyms that identify you as a user but not your actual Personal Information (your username for example) when you post material to the Service to allow users to identify each other.

### Third-Party Service Providers

We also have the right to disclose and transfer your Information to third parties and affiliates, which may be based inside or outside of the U.S. for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Service. We will refer to these parties in this context as 'Third-Party Service Providers'. We use Third-Party Service Providers to efficiently provide the full range of content, activities, services, features and functions we bring you and we disclose your Information to Third-Party Service Providers for the purpose of providing services to us and our affiliates. These Third-Party Service Providers may process and store certain Information on their servers, but may use your Personal Information only to provide us with a specific service and not for any other purpose, and they agree to keep such Personal Information secure and confidential. By submitting Information, you consent to such processing, storage and transfer of your Information in connection with your use of our Services, including, without limitation, the transfer, storage and/or processing of your Information outside of the U.S. We always request that our Third-Party Service Providers to whom we transfer data adhere to the same security procedures that we follow ourselves.

### Data Collection from Children

We do not knowingly collect personal information from U.S. children under 13 without appropriate parental notice and consent.

### Additional Disclosures

There may be instances when SML may access or disclose Information without providing you a choice in the following circumstances: (a) to protect or defend the legal rights or property of SML, our affiliated companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (b) to protect the safety and security of our Service and users; (c) protect against fraud or for risk-management purposes; (d) if we believe your actions violate the **_Terms and Conditions_** , this Privacy Policy, any Rules and/or Additional Terms; or (e) to comply with law or legal process. In addition, if SML sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of all or a material part of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, SML may transfer your Information to the party or parties involved in the transaction who may use that Information for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy.

### Your California Privacy Rights

If you are a resident of the State of California, we provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options such as your right to opt out (which we may sometimes refer to as 'unsubscribe') with respect to use of your Personal Information by third parties for marketing purposes. Therefore, pursuant to the California Civil Code, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information for marketing purposes during the preceding year. If you are a California resident and wish to request information about how to exercise your third-party disclosure choices, please send a request by email to our Privacy Administrator at [privacy@sharemylesson.com](mailto:privacy@sharemylesson.com). All requests must be labeled 'Your California Privacy Rights' on the email subject line.For all requests, please clearly state that the request is related to 'Your California Privacy Rights', include your name, street address, city, state, zip code and email address (your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email) and indicate your preference on how our response to your request should be sent (email or postal mail). We will not accept requests via the telephone, postal mail or by fax. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.

### Changes to the Privacy Statement

From time to time we may be required to, or need to, update this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Service after we post a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are aware of any changes. If we materially change our practices regarding collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, your personal information will continue to be governed by the Privacy Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of, and have not objected to, the change. Where necessary and appropriate we may contact you through the email address that you have provided, to advise you of a change. All changes will be accessible from the Service through the Privacy Policy and notification of the last date of change will be placed at the top.

## Legal and Contact Information

If you have any questions about our privacy practices or any of the terms or conditions of this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us as follows: 

Email: [privacy@sharemylesson.com](mailto:privacy@sharemylesson.com)

OR

Mail: The Compliance Officer – SML JV LLC  
Share My Lesson, 555 New Jersey, Ave. N.W., Washington, DC 20001

We will use all reasonable efforts to answer any questions or resolve any concerns regarding your privacy promptly.
