> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rewardsnetwork.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150423180909id_/http%3A//www.rewardsnetwork.com/business-solutions/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Rewards Network

We respect your privacy and want you to know how we collect and share personally identifiable information about you and sensitive information about your business. We prepared this privacy policy to describe to you how we collect and share your personally identifiable information and sensitive information about your business. Please read this privacy policy so that you understand how we use Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data in operating our business and providing services to you.

We need to collect information from you in order for you to use our services. We also collect information about you as a result of your use of our services. We refer to personally identifiable information that we collect as Personal Information, sensitive information about your business as Business Information, and data about your business generated by your use of our services as Program Data. The type of Personal Information and Business Information that we collect about you is described in the section below on “What Personal Information and Business Information We Collect”. The type of Program Data that is generated by our services is described in the section below on .Program Data..

Rewards Network® Inc. and its affiliates provide services to you. In this privacy policy, words like “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Rewards Network Inc. and our affiliates, collectively. Our affiliates at the time this privacy policy was last updated are listed for you at the end of the privacy policy. In this privacy policy, words like .you. and .your. refer to the entity with we have an agreement, and any individuals who have supplied us with Personal Information in connection with an entity.s agreement with us.

**Your Consent To This Merchant Privacy Policy**  
By using the products or services that we provide to you, you agree to the provisions of this privacy policy.

**Your Privacy Protections**  
We take several steps to protect your Personal Information and Business Information. Among other things:

  * We will not disclose your Personal Information or Business Information to any non-affiliated third party for use in marketing that party’s goods or services without your consent;
  * We will give you access to Personal Information or Business Information we maintain about you and we will allow you to correct any inaccuracies; and
  * We take data security seriously. We take reasonable steps to protect the security of your Personal Information and Business Information. See the section below called “Data Security” for more information on the steps we take to protect your Personal Information and Business Information.



**What Personal Information And Business Information We Collect**  
We gather the following types of Personal Information and Business Information in connection with the provision of our services to you.

Information you voluntarily provide to us. When you enter into an agreement with Rewards Network, you provide us with Personal Information and Business Information in order to receive our services. Business Information may include information such as bank account information, information regarding your credit card processing, credit card statements, and financial information. Business Information includes only sensitive information about your business, so it does not include publicly available information, such as your business location, menu information or photos and other marketing material relating to you that we use in connection with marketing you as part of the services we provide to you. Personal Information may include information such as an individual.s name, email and mailing address, telephone number(s), social security number, and driver.s license number. We collect information when you send us an inquiry, comment or request including any email or mailing address or telephone number you provide so that we may respond. We collect information when you choose to participate in a survey or any market research that we conduct.

Information obtained about you from others. For example, we may work with firms that provide us with business information, credit information, financial and other information in order to assess whether to do business with you, or to evaluate or improve our services to you. We may also collect information with your consent or as permitted or required by law.

**Program Data**  
Information we collect from your participation in our programs. Program Data means the data we receive from you in order for you to participate in our programs, which is primarily credit card sales information. Program Data does not include information that we receive from other parties in connection with your participation in our programs, such as post-dine surveys or the demographic information of members who have transactions with you.

**Use Of Personal Information, Business Information And Program Data**  
We use Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data to operate our business and provide products and services to you.

**Retention And Disposal Of Information**  
We retain Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data as long as we determine is required for operation of our business and to meet legal, regulatory and other requirements. We take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data is disposed of securely when we no longer require such data.

Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data are stored for the most part electronically in our computer systems or the computer systems of non-affiliated third parties that we work with in connection with operating our programs and providing services to you. We may have Personal Information and Business Information on hard copies of agreements or other documents that you provide to us, as well as on hard copies of documents prepared by us. The measures we take to protect Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data are described in the section below on .Data Security..

**Access To Information**  
We restrict access to Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data to those individuals or entities that require access to that information in order for us to operate our business, operate, manage, and expand our products and services and provide products and services to you.

What Personal Information, Business Information And Program Data We Disclose  
We may disclose Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data to non-affiliated third parties, such as suppliers, vendors or contractors, as necessary for the non-affiliated third party to provide services to us in connection with operating our business, operating, managing, and expanding our products and services, and providing products and services to you, or as permitted by law. We may disclose Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data to non-affiliated third parties in connection with addressing any issues that may arise in connection with crediting or debiting your bank account, conducting due diligence on your business before or while you are participating in our programs, enforcing our contractual and other rights, or responding to legal process. We may also share publicly available information about your business with third parties.

We also may disclose any Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data we collect with our affiliates, including for purposes such as for internal audit, management, billing or administrative purposes including protecting us and our members from losses, and to protect our rights. We may also disclose Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data as necessary for defending and bringing legal actions.

We may disclose Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data if required by a government authority or legal process.

We will not disclose your Personal Information and Business Information (such as your email address) to non-affiliated third parties for such parties’ use in marketing their goods or services without your consent.

We may obtain your consent to share information with non-affiliated third parties in various ways. For example, we may invite you to participate in a survey or special promotional program offered by a non-affiliated third party and your choice to participate in such a survey or promotional program will indicate your consent for us to share your Personal Information or Business Information with non-affiliated third parties in connection with the survey or promotional program. If you consent to such disclosure, any information that you provide to the third parties will be controlled by that party.s privacy policy, not our privacy policy.

**Use Of Aggregate Data**  
We may share information that is not personally identifiable to you or your business, including aggregated statistical information derived from Program Data, with our affiliates, partners, merchants, and others. Such information could be used, for example, to provide us with statistical or other analysis. None of this type of information can be linked by the recipient in a way that identifies the Program Data as pertaining specifically to you.

**Disclosure Of Anonymous Information**  
We may also disclose or share information that is not personally identifiable to you with our affiliates, partners, merchants and others.

**Your Use Of Third Party Sites**  
When you voluntarily post or otherwise comment on any portion of a social networking site (such as Facebook or Twitter) registered by us or by any of our affiliates, partners, merchants or others, your usage of that site is governed by and subject to the privacy policy of that third party networking sites and any privacy settings that are available on that third party site. We do not control the privacy policies of such third parties and we assume no responsibility or liability for the actions of such third parties.

**Communicating With You**  
We may from time to time send special offers to you on behalf of selected companies that we think may be of interest to you. However, because we or our third party vendors (and not the selected company) would send such offers to you, it is not necessary to disclose Personal Information or Business Information to the company in order to send these offers to you. You may choose to opt out of certain of our marketing communications while still receiving other types of our marketing communications. We also may send you offers for goods or services sold by us or our affiliates, including in our email newsletters, by email or ordinary mail, or by telephone.

**Data Security**  
We take reasonable steps to maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data. These safeguards may include encryption of data and limiting access to data as described above in the section .Access to Information.. Non-affiliated third parties that provide services to us and who may receive your Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data from us are subject to contractual obligations with respect to data security and limitations on use of data in accordance with this privacy policy.

**Reviewing And Changing Your Personal Information And Business Information**  
At any time, you can correct or update your Personal Information or Business Information. To review, change, or update your Personal Information or Business Information, you have several options:

  * You may contact Client Services toll-free at (800) 422-5155.
  * You may contact your Account Executive or Account Manager and they will assist you.
  * To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to your Personal Information, Business Information or making corrections.



**Our Privacy Office**  
We have appointed a Privacy Office, which is responsible for ensuring that the protection of your Personal Information, Business Information and Program Data is carried out in accordance with our Privacy Policy. The Privacy Office monitors and enforces compliance with our Privacy Policy.

The following person serves as the contact person for the Privacy Office:

Alice Geene  
Chief Legal Officer  
Two North Riverside Plaza, Suite 200.  
Chicago, Illinois 60606.  
Phone: (312) 291-5878.  
Fax: (312) 521-6768.  
Email: [ageene@rewardsnetwork.com](mailto:ageene@rewardsnetwork.com).

**Notice Of Changes**  
This Privacy Policy was published on July 22, 2013. We reserve the right to change, modify or add to this policy at any time, and to apply any such change, modification or addition to Personal Information that we have already collected. We may provide you with notice of a change, modification or addition by posting a notice or a revised privacy policy on our Web site. You agree to visit our Web site from time to time to review the current policy and any changes, modifications or additions.

**Affiliates**  
Rewards Network Establishment Services Inc..Rewards Network Services LLC.Rewards Network International, Inc..Rewards Network Canada GP Corp..Rewards Network Canada LP.RTR Funding LLC

[](https://cert.webtrust.org/soc_rewardsnetwork.html)

  
  

