> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hidglobal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120922235944id_/http%3A//www.hidglobal.com/page.php%3Fpage_id%3D163) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HID Global Corporation Privacy Policy - HID Global

This Privacy Policy was last updated: October 8, 2009

This Privacy Policy is effective as of: July 1, 2008. 

HID Global Corporation (“HID Global” or “we” or “us”), an ASSA ABLOY group company, is committed to protecting the privacy of your personally identifiable information that you submit to HID GLOBAL’s website located at: www.hidglobal.com (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy details certain policies implemented throughout HID GLOBAL describing how HID GLOBAL collects, uses and stores the personally identifiable information that we collect from users of our Site and users of our services on the Site. 

**PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES**  
Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, HID GLOBAL may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, HID GLOBAL will post our updated Privacy Policy on the Site located at the following URL: <http://www.hidglobal.com/privacy>, and post notice of the change so it is visible when users log-on for the first time after the change is posted. HID GLOBAL encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of the Site, services on the Site and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.

**INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE**  
You can generally visit our Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, in certain sections of this Site, we may invite you to participate in surveys, questionnaires or contests, provide comments and reviews, contact us with questions or comments or request information, provide us with feedback, participate in chat or message boards, or complete a profile or registration form Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may collect personally identifiable information such as your name, address, e-mail address and telephone phone number. Additionally, we may collect personally identifiable information about you that you provide to us when you contact us or that you voluntarily post in blogs, chat rooms, forums, message boards available from our Site and other users will be able to see any information that you post to such forums. To deliver certain services or information that you have requested, we may use your personally identifiable information to contact you, make targeted references of your inquiry to third party distributors or service providers for the purpose of addressing your request, to deliver certain services or information that you have requested, improve the content and general administration of the Site and our services, and provide you with notices regarding goods or services that you have purchased or may wish to purchase in the future. 

Aggregate Information –The Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, browser type, IP addresses, External Web Sites (defined below) linked to, and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. 

**COOKIES**  
HID GLOBAL uses small text files called “cookies” that contain information about the user and is stored on your computer. Cookies are used for technical purposes, to facilitate use of the web page and to improve overall Site experience. One type of cookie saves a file permanently on your computer. It may then be used to personalize a web page according to the user’s choices and interests. The other type of cookie is called a "session cookie". While you are visiting a web page on the Site, cookies are sent between your computer and the server to access information about the user. Session cookies disappear when you turn off your web browser. If you do not wish to accept cookies, your web browser can be set so that you automatically deny the storage of cookies or are informed every time a website requests to be allowed to store a cookie. Previously stored cookies can also be deleted through the web browser. Visit the web browser’s help pages for more information. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you.

**DISCLOSURE**  
The personally identifiable information and data generated by cookies that we collect is used only within HID GLOBAL and entities within its corporate family (including, its affiliates); provided, however, we will disclose your personally identifiable information (a) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or otherwise in cooperation with an ongoing investigation of a governmental authority, (b) to enforce the HID GLOBAL’s Terms of Use agreement or to protect our rights or (c) to protect the safety of users of our Site and our services. We may transfer your personally identifiable information to an affiliate or a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which HID GLOBAL participates or to a purchaser or acquirer of all or substantially all of HID GLOBAL’s business or assets to which this Site and/or the services offered on this Site relate. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information to our subsidiaries to support business and marketing processes; and to our third party our service providers and suppliers, who are acting and using your information solely on our behalf. We will not sell or otherwise distribute your personally identifiable information to any company or organization for their commercial use. 

Children's Privacy   
HID GLOBAL recognizes the privacy interests of children, and HID GLOBAL encourages parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. The Site and services offered on this Site are not intended for children under the age of 13, HID GLOBAL endeavors not to collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. HID GLOBAL targets its Site or the services offered on this Site to adults and not to children under 13.

Links to Third Party Sites   
The Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources over which HID GLOBAL does not have control ("External Web Sites"). Such links do not constitute an endorsement by HID GLOBAL of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that HID GLOBAL is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that HID GLOBAL is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.

**SECURITY**  
We may employ procedural and technological measures, consistent with industry practice. Such measures are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. HID GLOBAL may use firewalls, SSL 128bit encryption, password protection, and secure socket layer to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information. 

**CORRECTING/DELETING INFORMATION**  
You may at any time request that the personally identifiable information about you be amended or deleted. You are also entitled to receive annually a copy of your personal data kept on record by us free of charge. HID GLOBAL is responsible for the processing of your personal data and all requests to amend or receive a copy of this information should be posted to HID GLOBAL, 15370 Barranca Pkwy, Irvine, CA 92618-2215 and marked “Attention: the HID GLOBAL Group Personal Data Responsible”.

Notice to users Outside the United States  
Our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so your personal information will be processed by us in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you use the Site and/or services offered on the Site as a visitor from outside the United States, by using the Site and/or services offered on the Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
