> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yieldmo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629113007id_/http%3A//www.yieldmo.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Yieldmo | Privacy

Yieldmo strives to improve the mobile advertising experience for consumers, publishers, and advertisers. Your privacy is important to us. Accordingly, we have adopted the following Privacy Policy (the “Policy”). This Policy explains how information is collected and utilized by Yieldmo, Inc. (“Yieldmo”, “we”, “us” or “our”). This Policy applies to the Yieldmo website located at http://www.Yieldmo.com, (the "Yieldmo Website") and to Yieldmo’s products and services, including the advertising network and platform operated by Yieldmo (the “Yieldmo Service”). Please read this Policy carefully, and feel free to contact us at privacy@yieldmo.com or at the mailing address set forth below if you have any questions regarding its content. By accessing and using the Yieldmo Website or using the various websites and applications that participate in the Yieldmo Service, you consent to us processing your information in accordance with this Policy. The Yieldmo Website and the Yieldmo Service may link to third-party websites or applications. Yieldmo does not control and is not responsible for such third-parties’ privacy practices. Users should consult the privacy policies of such third-party websites or applications to learn about such third-parties’ privacy practices. For purposes of this Policy, “Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII” means any information used or intended to be used to identify a particular individual, including name, address, telephone number, email address, financial account number, and government-issued identifier. “Non-PII” means information not included in the definition of “PII”, including information such as pages or ads visited, clicks on ads, referring domain, visit duration, device type, browser type, IP address and operating system.

### USE OF YIELDMO WEBSITE

**Log Data** Our servers may automatically record Non-PII from visitors to the Yieldmo Website (“Log Data”). This Log Data may be used to monitor usage, conduct administration and troubleshooting, and assist in improvements to the Yieldmo Website. We may vary and tailor the content the visitor receives in future visits to the Yieldmo Website based on such visitor’s preferences and activities as determined based upon such Log Data. 

**Registration and Account Data** If you register to use the Yieldmo Website as a customer (e.g., as an advertiser, agency or publisher), we ask for and store information you provide such as your email, first name, last name, company name, username, address and phone number (collectively, “Registration Data”). After you register to use the Yieldmo Website, you may set up advertising campaigns and other account parameters. We may collect information about the manner of your use of the Yieldmo Website, including session length, IP address, time of usage, viewed pages and files, your advertising campaign selections, and other information regarding your use of the Yieldmo Website (collectively with Registration Data, the “Account Data”). This information may be used to provide the Yieldmo Service to you, conduct internal analysis, account management and maintenance, perform billing, invoicing and payment functions in connection with your account, send services-related information, alerts and promotional messages to you, and maintain and improve the performance of the Yieldmo Website and Yieldmo Service. We may also use this information to offer personalized features, including varying the content you receive in future visits to the Yieldmo Website based on your preferences and activities. 

**Combination of Log Data, Registration and Account Data** Log Data may be combined with a visitor’s Registration Data and Account Data once the visitor has registered or subsequently logged into the Yieldmo Website. The combined data is used to provide, monitor and assist in improvements to the Yieldmo Website, and to customize content and advertising displayed to the user on the Yieldmo Website. Log Data, Account Data, Registration Data, and combined data is not sold or rented to third-parties. In addition, such information is not shared with third-parties except in the case of third-party service providers, legal processes and aggregate information, as noted below. 

### Tracking Technologies Used

Yieldmo may collect the information noted in this Policy using cookies and non-cookie technologies. Yieldmo may collect information using the following methods:

  1. cookies, which are small data files that are stored on a visitor’s computer or device, including in temporary cache available in HTML 5 compatible browsers;
  2. web beacons or pixels (pieces of code used by websites or third-parties to assign online activities to a computer or browser);
  3. application software development kits, otherwise known as SDKs, which are libraries of code embedded directly in partner applications;
  4. server-to-server connections with our partners; and/or
  5. statistical IDs generated from a collection of browser settings, that when combined together can be used to determine the device.



Data collected from cookies and non-cookie technologies may be used as described under "How Information is Used" below. An End User of the Yieldmo Service may opt-out of interest-based advertising from Yieldmo. The method of opting-out depends on the browser or device being used; please refer to the Section entitled “Opt-Out of Interest-Based Advertising” below for specific opt-out instructions for your browser or device.

### YIELDMO SERVICE

**Types of Information Collected** Yieldmo partners with numerous companies to provide online advertisements to end users of mobile websites, mobile applications (“Apps) and other online media (“End Users”). As an End User browses the mobile Internet or uses Apps that include references to the Yieldmo Service, the End User’s browser or device may request advertisements from Yieldmo’s system. When Yieldmo receives these requests, and/or when Yieldmo delivers advertisements to such browser or device, we may collect Non-PII about these interactions (as well as any further interaction with the advertisements provided by the Yieldmo Service such as views, clicks, conversions, etc.). This may include, for example: IP address; unique identifiers sent to us from mobile devices, network carriers or data providers; information contained in http headers or other internet transfer protocol signals; de-identified personal information (such as email addresses or usernames that are "hashed" so as to be non-identifiable or non-linkable to an individual); anonymous demographic information such as a user's gender, age, and income range when not tied or not linkable to personal identifiers; attributes of computer or device usage, such as advertisements clicked, websites and content areas visited; date and time of advertisement request, and advertisement delivery and interaction activities; browser type and version; operating system; language setting; information about or from the presence or use of Apps on a mobile device; and location. Such information is stored on Yieldmo’s servers. We may also use the GPS location of your device if you have opted to provide it to Yieldmo or to one of Yieldmo’s publisher or third party data provider partners. If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacture of your particular device. On occasion, we may also receive information from third-parties that enables advertisement optimization, independently of or in combination with the information collected by Yieldmo, such as audience interest segments and product categories. From time to time, advertisements served by Yieldmo may contain functionality that enables an End User to enter PII into such advertisements, in order to allow the End User to sign-up for or receive information regarding a product or service offered by an advertiser. In the event that an End User elects to provide PII under such circumstances, we may collect such PII on behalf of such advertiser or its agency. We may use and share such information as described under “How Information is Used” below. 

**How Information is Used** The information collected pursuant to this Policy may be used to provide purchasing opportunities and aggregate reports to advertisers, agencies and publishers who participate in the Yieldmo Service, to schedule, deliver and optimize advertisements, to create audience interest segments and categories, to limit the number of times a specific advertisement is presented to the same browser or device (frequency capping), to provide advertisements only to certain types of mobile devices, to anonymously track sales and conversions, to detect and eliminate fraudulent activity, to administer and enhance the Yieldmo Service, and to help Yieldmo display, optimize, target and/or customize advertisements to the interests or preferences of End Users. The PII received pursuant to this Policy may be shared solely with the applicable advertiser or its agency on behalf of whom such information was collected. The End User should review the advertiser’s privacy policy to understand how the advertiser will process such PII. Yieldmo may use certain general health-related information in delivering advertisements based on inferred End User interest in these topics based on sites or ads with which the End User previously interacted. This may include information related to general health, wellness, common ailments and illnesses, beauty and fitness, but will not include sensitive health information (such as a user having a certain medical condition like cancer or diabetes). For example, a user who views content related to parenting might later be shown an ad for children's clothing or accessories. Similarly, a user who views content related to fitness might later be shown ads related to exercise-related apps. We may also utilize non-sensitive health-related targeting data segments provided by third party data companies. As an example, Yieldmo may use health-related segments from those third parties such as “Beauty, Health & Fitness > Health, Diets & Nutrition” (Click here for a representative list of such health segments). We may share Non-PII with our affiliates, third party partners and agents. For example, we may share Non-PII to analyze the performance of advertisements, provide reporting to advertisers and clients, improve advertisement targeting on our platform, improve our products and services, and enable third party partners to improve advertisement targeting across their respective services and platforms. 

### Industry Self-Regulation

Yieldmo is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Codes of Conduct for Web and Mobile. Yieldmo also adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles.

### Opt-Out of Interest-Based Advertising:

End Users can opt out of interest-based advertising served by Yieldmo in the following ways. Please note that you will need to opt out for each browser or device that you use, and that there is also a separate opt out for mobile applications. Following an opt-out, Yieldmo's system may still provide advertisements to you. Please note, however, that these advertisements may be less relevant to your interests.

**To opt out of interest-based advertising for the browser you are currently using:** You can opt-out via the Network Advertising Initiative industry opt-out page at [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/)—You can also opt-out via Yieldmo’s opt-out tool [here.](https://web.archive.org/privacy/opt/) Note: Yieldmo may set a non-unique cookie for the sole purpose of implementing such opt-out request. If you opt-out, you should not delete your cookies. If you delete your cookies after opting out, you will need to opt-out again. Alternatively, you can download an opt-out cookie protector for select browsers from http://www.aboutads.info/pmc. Note: Yieldmo may set a non-unique cookie for the sole purpose of implementing such opt-out request. If you opt-out, you should not delete your cookies. If you delete your cookies after opting out, you will need to opt-out again. Alternatively, you can download an opt-out cookie protector for select browsers from http://www.networkadvertising.org. To opt-out of interest-based advertising for the mobile applications on your current device: The method of opting out depends on the type of device you have. Please also note that, in some cases (i.e., if you have an older device), it may be necessary for you to provide your device ID in order to opt out. - Opting out on Apple iOS devices: On iOS 6.0 or higher, you can select a setting that enables you to limit ad tracking. You can do this by clicking on Settings -> General -> About -> Advertising, and setting the Limit Ad Tracking function to ‘ON’. Alternatively, you can go to Setting -> Privacy -> Advertising and set the “Limit Ad Tracking” function to ‘ON’. - Opting out on Android devices: In Android devices with Google Play Services 4.0 and higher, You can opt out of interest-based advertising services by opening the Google Settings App, then clicking on Ads (under “Services”) and setting the “Opt of interest-based ads” function to 'green'. You may go [here](https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices) for instructions on how to use the advertising choice mechanisms for various devices. 

**To opt-out of interest-based advertising for the mobile applications on your current device:** The method of opting out depends on the type of device you have. Please also note that, in some cases (i.e., if you have an older device), it may be neces- sary for you to provide your device ID in order to opt out. - Opting out on Apple iOS devices: On iOS 6.0 or higher, you can select a setting that enables you to limit ad tracking. You can do this by clicking on Settings -> General -> About -> Advertising, and setting the Limit Ad Tracking function to ‘ON’. Alternatively, you can go to Setting -> Privacy -> Advertising and set the “Limit Ad Tracking” function to ‘ON’. - Opting out on Android devices: In Android devices with Google Play Services 4.0 and higher, You can opt out of interest-based advertising services by opening the Google Settings App, then clicking on Ads (under “Services”) and setting the “Opt of interest-based ads” function to ‘green’. You may go here for instructions on how to use the advertising choice mechanisms for various devices. 

### Data Retention

PII and Non-PII are generally retained for up to 13 months, unless Yieldmo is required to retain such information for a longer period of time in order to comply with its legal or contractual obligations. After this timeframe, the information is anonymized in a way that makes it unable to be associated back to an individual computer or device and is then stored for analytical and reporting purposes.

### Legal and Regulatory Compliance

We may disclose information to fulfill legal or regulatory requirements or if we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure is legally required or necessary to protect others’ rights or to prevent harm.

### Third-Party Service Providers

We retain certain third-party service providers to perform functions and services for us. We may share information with these third-party service providers, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and services, and only pursuant to obligations that are consistent with this Policy.

### Business Transfers

We may disclose information to third-parties if: (a) we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, or (b) if Yieldmo or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third-party, in which case information held by Yieldmo will be one of the transferred assets.

### Aggregate Information

Yieldmo may share aggregate and anonymous usage statistics regarding the Yieldmo Service with the public or businesses with whom we work. Such aggregated information is not PII. Yieldmo may also use such aggregated information to help Yieldmo improve the design and delivery of the Yieldmo Service and increase its effectiveness.

### Security

Yieldmo uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard PII and Non-PII in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. To that end, we have designed and deployed hardware, software, and networking solutions in an effort to reasonably secure and protect access to our systems and data. Please note that where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access the Yieldmo Website or Yieldmo Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Regardless of the precautions taken by you or by us, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you transmit such information at your own risk.

### Information Processing and Do-Not-Track

Your information may be kept on computers located outside of your state or country, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those where you live. If you’re located outside the United States and choose to provide your PII to us, we may transfer your PII to the United States and process it there. Yieldmo does not currently take action in response to do-not-track signals received from Internet browsers. However, you may opt-out of having your information be used for advertisement targeting as described under " Opt-Out of Interest-Based Advertising" above.

### Minimum Age

The Yieldmo Service and the Yieldmo Website are not developed for, or directed at, children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly accept registrations or information from users that are under 13. We will delete accounts of any users that we find to be under-age. If you are aware that any child under the age of 13 has become a registered user or provided personally identifiable information to Yieldmo, please inform us at privacy@yieldmo.com, so that we can confirm and take the appropriate steps to remove the account and any related information.

### Changing Your Newsletter Subscription and Privacy Preferences

Yieldmo may send to registered users, advertisers and publishers service and/or account activity-related announcements from time to time. You can unsubscribe from our email newsletters at any time. To do so, you can follow the instructions on the bottom of each newsletter. Publisher and advertiser customers of Yieldmo may also edit their privacy preferences in their member profile or email support@yieldmo.com for such purpose. You may also write to Yieldmo Member Services at: Yieldmo, Inc. Attn.: Privacy 218 West 18th St., 2nd Floor New York, NY 10011

### Changes to Privacy Policy

It may be necessary from time to time for us to modify this Policy to reflect changes in the way we collect and use information or changes in privacy-related laws, regulations, and industry standards. Accordingly, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting the revised policy on the Yieldmo Website. Data will be handled in accordance with the policy in effect at the time the data is used.

### Contact

If you would like us to delete (or modify if necessary) all records of your personal information, or if you have any other questions or concerns, please contact us at privacy@yieldmo.com or via mail at the address below: Yieldmo, Inc. Attn.: Privacy 218 West 18th St., 2nd Floor New York, NY 10011.

Last Update: 2017

General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will fully go into effect. This regulation replaces the 1995 EU Data Protection Directive and strengthens the individuals' rights regarding personal data relating to them.Yieldmo is committed to GDPR-compliance across our services. As May 25th approaches, we will be sharing more details about our transformation towards being compliant. For any questions related to GDPR compliance, or to inquire about exercising your rights as a data subject, please reach out to us [gdprcompliance@yieldmo.com.](mailto:gdprcompliance@yieldmo.com)
