> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the xola.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191210090550id_/http%3A//www.xola.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Xola - Privacy Policy

Collected Information may be used by us to operate, provide, administer, develop, support, analyze, maintain and improve our Digital Properties, including without limitation the services provided through our Digital Properties. We may also use Collected Information to conduct quality control, fix problems, conduct market research, provide personalized or customized experiences, recommendations and customer support, and to communicate with users, Providers and customers.

Collected Information you provide or collected by us may be used by Xola for marketing and promotional purposes, including but not limited to promotional e-mailing, direct mail, advertising, newsletters and sales contacts. Xola may also analyze, compile, publish, sell and otherwise similarly commercialize Collected Information (other than Personal Identifying Information), including without limitation derivative information and analyses. The foregoing includes, for example, the distribution or sale by Xola of aggregated or de-identified data. Finally we can use Collected Information in any manner for which permission or consent is provided by the source of such information and for legal and similar purposes expressly described below in the Legal Disclosure section of this Privacy Policy.

Disclosure and Sharing of Collected Information

We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We may share certain of your Collected Information through the Digital Properties to the extent inherent in the operation of our Services or other aspects of the Digital Properties. For example, we may share certain Provider information about its services and products with such Provider's customers and clients who are using our Website or Mobile Application and we may share certain information from such customer or client with the Provider. Xola may also share Collected Information with any affiliated companies provided such affiliates follow this Privacy Policy with respect to such information. If you post, submit or provide information or content to a public forum on, or other public portion of, our Digital Properties, such information has been contributed to the public domain and therefor may be further shared and disclosed by us without restriction. 

_Xola Service Providers:_ We use third parties to provide us with services and products in order to operate, administer, maintain, develop, analyze and support our Digital Properties, which may include, for example, credit card processing companies to bill you for services, information technology providers and computer hosting services, data analysis companies, software developers, marketing and advertising services firms, support providers to help us collect feedback and manage our support and an email service provider to send out emails on our behalf. We may use live chat software to assist you if you have questions while using our site or regarding our service. We may share your Collected Information with such third parties only as necessary for the third party to provide their applicable service or product or such third parties may have access to your Collected Information to the extent inherent in the services or products they provide. We use reasonable efforts to see that such third parties are required to reasonably protect your Collected Information; however, we are not liable for the acts or omissions of these third parties, except as required under applicable law. 

_Aggregated and De-Identified Information:_ Xola may disclose or publish (a) on an aggregated basis, information (including derivative information and analyses) relating to usage and users of the Services and other aspects of the Digital Properties, and (b) fully de-identified information derived from Collected Information that does not contain Personal Identifying Information and is not connected to similar information that would allow one to be specifically identified or contacted. 

Xola can disclose or share Collected Information that is already generally and publicly available through no act or omission by us. Finally we can disclose or share Collected Information in any manner for which permission or consent is provided by the source of such information and for legal and similar purposes expressly described below in the Legal Disclosure section of this Privacy Policy. 

Tracking Technologies

Xola employs, or our third party advertising partners employ, various tracking technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, tags, scripts, analytics software or other similar technologies, that help us better manage, operate, administer maintain, develop, analyze and support our Digital Properties and the content provided on such Digital Properties. 

**Cookies:** When you visit our Digital Properties we send one or more "cookies" to your computer or other devices. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers stored on your computer through your web browser and are used by most websites to help personalize your web experience. Some cookies may facilitate additional site features for enhanced performance and functionality such as remembering preferences, allowing social interactions, analyzing usage for site optimization, providing custom content, allowing third parties to provide social sharing tools, and serving images or videos from third party websites. Some features on our Website will not function if you do not allow cookies. We may link the information we store in cookies to any Collected Information you submit while on our Website. 

We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interest of our users to enhance the experience on our Website or to save things like your user ID and password. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file. 

Functional cookies, persistent and session type, store information to enable core site functionality, such as Live Chat and Client ID remembrance. Analytics cookies allow us to count page visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site and our marketing campaigns. 

Advertising cookies may be set through our website by our advertising partners. Data may be collected by these companies that enable them to serve up advertisements on other sites that are relevant to your interests. 

If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but some features on the site will not function properly. 

**Web Beacons:** Xola may use Web Beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about our Digital Properties. Web Beacons are tiny graphic objects that are embedded in a web page or email and are usually invisible to the user but allow checking that a user has viewed the page or email. Web Beacons may be used within the Digital Properties to track email open rates, web page visits or form submissions. In some cases, we tie the information gathered by Web Beacons to your Collected Information. For example, we use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. 

**Third Party Tracking Technologies:** The use of cookies and web beacons by any tracking utility company or third party service provider is not covered by our privacy statement. 

**Analytics Software:** We and our third party tracking-utility partners use log files on our Digital Properties to gather certain information automatically and store it for analytical purposes. This information includes internet protocol ("IP") addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. 

We use this information to track and aggregate non-personal information to analyze trends, administer, operate and improve the Digital Properties, track users' movements around our Digital Properties and to gather demographic information about our user base in the aggregate. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you and for marketing, analytics, or functionality and operation of the Digital Properties. 

**Mobile Analytics:** We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile applications on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile application. 

**Local Storage:** We use Local Storage, such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. 

**Online Behavioral Advertising:** We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20191210090550id_/http%3A//www.xola.com/preferences-mgr.truste.com/) or if located in the European Union, click [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20191210090550id_/http%3A//www.xola.com/www.youronlinechoices.eu/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. 

**Social Media Features and Widgets:** Our Digital Properties may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, the Share button and/or interactive mini-programs that run on our Website. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Digital Properties. Your interactions with these features and widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them. 

**Facebook Connect:** You may be able to log in to some of our Services using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate forms on our Website. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on our Website to your profile page to share with others within your network. In addition, when using some of our Mobile Applications we may allow you a chance to tell friends about our services by accessing the contacts in your Facebook or other social media account. 

**Tell-A-Friend:** We may provide you for the opportunity to use our referral service to tell a friend about one of our Mobile Applications via SMS or email, or to invite colleagues to collaborate. In such case, we will ask you for your colleagues’/friend’s email address or telephone number. We will then automatically send your friend a one-time email or SMS message inviting them to download or use our Mobile Application. Xola stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email or SMS and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at [support@xola.com](mailto:support@xola.com) to request that we remove this information from our database. 

When using this feature we will access the contact list of your device for the sole purpose of assisting you in finding individuals to whom you wish to send these communications. Please also note that when using the SMS feature charges from your carrier may apply. 

**Testimonials, Ratings and Reviews:** We may post customer testimonials on our Digital Properties which may contain Collected Information. We obtain the customer's consent via email prior to posting such testimonials and attaching the users name along with their testimonial. 

We may also partner with a third party service provider to collect and display ratings and review content on our Website. If the content collected by the third party for display includes personally identifiable information, it will be rejected and will not be posted unless explicit consent is provided by the user. 

**Third Party Services; Links to Other Web Sites:** The Digital Properties may include or interoperate with applications, services, features or functionalities provided by third parties. In connection with such third party applications, services, features or functionalities, you may send (or such third parties may get access to) certain information about or related to you or your activities with such third party applications or services. The collection, use, storage and disclosure of such information by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and we have no responsibility or liability therefore. Our Digital Properties may include links to other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Xola. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by the privacy policy or statements governing that particular site. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any web site you visit. 

**Public Forum:** Our Website may offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose Collected Information through Xola public message boards, blogs, or forums, this information may be collected, disclosed and used by others. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at [support@xola.com](mailto:support@xola.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information and Xola makes no commitments or representations that it will do so. 
