> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kbhome.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171119110506id_/https%3A//www.kbhome.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | KB Home

Your privacy is very important to KB Home. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our Website and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we treat it. If you not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be your acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.

The information we collect through our Website may include information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, when you report a problem with our Website, records and copies of your correspondence when you contact us, and responses to surveys we might ask you to complete. 

We do not sell our mailing or contact lists to unaffiliated third parties. However, KB Home may share your email address and contact with our selected third party business partners for home-related offers and other information we believe will be of interest to our customers, unless you indicated on a registration card or other material that you do not wish to be so contacted. KB HOME may aggregate personally identifiable information and disclose such information in aggregate to advertisers for other marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations we will not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you.

Creating a MyKB account may result in follow up correspondences from a KB Home representative. You may remove your email address from the distribution lists of KB HOME or our business partners at any time by notifying us or the business partners, respectively.

As part of the normal operation of this Website, we may collect and, in some cases, disclose information about you. Personally identifiable information about you may be used to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze usage of the Website, to improve our Website content and to customize our Website's content and layout. We believe these uses allow us to improve our Website and better tailor it to meet our user's needs. We may use your first and last names, email address, your mailing address and telephone number, to contact you from time to time about our services.

We may also collect computer data or files, often called "cookies," which may be sent by your web browser and stored on an individual computer to allow us to recognize you through the navigation of our Website and as necessary for us to facilitate various online transactions as well as your IP address to measure our Website traffic and to help you have a more personalized experience. To enable certain features on the Website, we may assign one or more "cookies" to your Internet browser. Cookies, among other things, speed navigation through our Website, keep track of information so that you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit, and may provide you with customized content. A cookie is an Internet mechanism composed of a small text file containing a unique identification number that permits a web server to send small pieces of information or text by means of your browser and place them on your computer's hard drive for storage. This text lets the web server know if you have previously visited the web page.

We use cookies to collect and maintain aggregated data (such as the number of visitors) to help us see which areas of our Website are most popular with our users and to improve and update the content on our Website. The use of "cookies" may allow us to tailor your experience on the Website to destinations or other features that may interest you. We use this aggregated data only as explained in this Privacy Policy. We do not connect aggregated data to any name, address, or other identifying information.

We do not control third party tracking technology or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content you should contact the responsible provider directly. 

We may also disclose your information to a third party as part of reorganization or a sale of the assets of KB Home. Any third party to which KB Home transfers or sells the Website or related assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us.

California Civil Code Section ยง 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write us at: KB Home Corporate Marketing Department, 10990 Wilshire Blvd., 5th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90024.

Our privacy policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we may collect from you. We do not have a process for you to review and request changes to your personally identifiable information that is collected through this Website. To the extent that you disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties, or to third parties' advertisers who may advertise on the Website, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of personal information you disclose to them. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to third parties.

These privacy policies are subject to change at any time. If there are material changes to any of these privacy policies, we will post those changes and update the effective date of this policy. The policies and procedures described herein replace all previous policies and procedures regarding this subject.

This Privacy policy, effective October 12, 2017 is incorporated into and subject to the [Terms and Conditions](https://www.kbhome.com/terms) For Use of This Website.
