> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bvsbazaar.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161119204059id_/http%3A//bvsbazaar.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BVSBAZAAR

## Privacy Policy

### Please read the following statement to learn about our information gathering and dissemination practices.

**Note:** Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure user are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically.

By browsing/visiting this Website user agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If user do not agree please do not use or access our Website. By mere use of the Website, its contents or by going ahead and purchasing products or servicesuser expressly consent to our use and disclosure of user’s personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use.

When any user uses our Website, we collect and store user’s personal information which is provided by the user from time to time. Our main goal is to provide the user a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience. This helps us to provide services and features that most likely meet user’s needs, and to customize our Website in such a way where user finds an experience safer and easier. Generally, user can visit/browse the Website without sharing or revealing any personal information about the user. Once Wecollect user’s personal information, the user is not anonymous to us. Usually we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. Hence user can provide only information user want to and the least information we need in order to serve user in a better way.

## 

"Cookies" may be used on certain pages of the Website to help analyses our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, promote trust and safety, provides information that is targeted to user’s interests. "Cookies" are small files placed on user’s hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". BVSBAZAAR also use cookies to allow user to enter user’s password less frequently during a session. User is always free to decline our cookies if user’s browser permits. We do not control the use of cookies by third party associates.

If user chooses to buy the products on the Website, we collect information about user’s buying actions. We may collect some additional information, such as a billing address, a credit / debit card number, card’s expiration date and/ or other payment instrument details and tracking information from Cheque or money orders. We may also collect information from our message boards, chat rooms or other message areas or leave feedback if user chooses to post. We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law. If user sends us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about user’s activities or postings on the Website, we may collect such information into a file specific to user. BVSBAZAAR collect’s personally identifiable information (email address, name, phone number, credit card / debit card / other payment instrument details, etc. from user when user set up a free account with us. When a user sends email or letter, we may store the correspondence details for future use. Thoughuser can browse some sections of our Website without being a registered member but certain activities such as placing an order do require registration. We do use user’s contact information to send user offers based on user’s previous orders and user’s interests.BVSBAZAAR usesuser’s personal information to market to user;we provide user the ability to opt-out of such uses. BVSBAZAAR may use user’s personal information to resolve disputes; to promote a safe service; to collect money; detect and protect us against error, to troubleshoot problems; fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our terms and conditions. We identify and use user’s IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Website. User’s IP address is also used to help identify user and to gather broad demographic information. We may share personal information with our other corporate entities and affiliates. These entities and affiliates may market to user as a result of such sharing unless users explicitly opt-out.We do not disclose user’s personal information to third parties for their marketing and advertising purposes without user’s explicit consent.BVSBAZAAR and its affiliates may share / sell some or all of user’s personal information with another business entity should we (or our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity, or re-organization/restructuring of business.

Our Website links to other websites that may collect personally identifiable information about user. [BVS BAZAAR](http://bvsbazaar.com/privacy_policy.php).com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those linked websites.Our Website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Whenever user change or access user’s account information, we offer the use of a secure server. Once user’s information is in our control we follow strict security guidelines, protecting it against any unauthorized access.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when user visits our Website. These companies may use information (not including user’s name, address, emailaddress, or telephone number) about user’s visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to user.

BVSBAZAAR may sometimes ask our website user to complete optional online surveys where the user may be asked for some information.

We may sharesome personal information if necessary to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to any summons/subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, this includes law enforcement offices, third party rights owners. Sometimes we may share the information where disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of our users or the general public.

#### Note: BVSBAZAAR provides all users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving non-essential
