> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the boeing.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130314120510id_/http%3A//www.boeing.com/companyoffices/aboutus/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Boeing: General Privacy Policy

Thank you for reviewing the Privacy Policy for Boeing.com, your web portal into The Boeing Company ("Boeing"). Boeing is sensitive to the issue of confidentiality in online dealings and is committed to protecting individual privacy. This Privacy Policy is intended to inform users about the general approach Boeing uses in collecting, using and disseminating user information via Boeing.com.

**What data do we collect automatically and why?** When you visit Boeing.com and you have not otherwise identified yourself (e.g., via registration with a Boeing Site), our web server automatically recognizes your domain name, but not your e-mail address. We collect the domain name and monitor general site use and traffic patterns to improve our web site and the products and services we offer. Boeing uses web server logs to collect data for metric purposes. Examples of the types of data collected on the logs are IP addresses, referral pages, date and time of Site access, and Site visited. We may use collected data to customize the content and/or layout of our pages for each individual visitor.

**Do we use Cookies or Tracers?** Cookies are small data files placed on your hard drive by a website server when you visit. Boeing.com may use cookies for tracking purposes or to make the Site easier to use. Cookies are currently the only way to effectively identify a unique anonymous visitor and understand how they navigate our web site. An anonymous visitor to our site remains anonymous in all cases. We do not attempt to identify visitors if they do not voluntarily submit personal information to us. With most internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Cookies offer enhanced functionality to the user, but whether you allow a cookie to be placed on your computer is up to you! 

In some instances, we use tracking scripts or "tracers" that recognize a unique identifier from a cookie placed on your hard drive by another website. These are used by Boeing solely to gauge the success of our own advertising. For instance, we may use a tracer to determine whether you visit our employment pages after visiting a resume or career site where Boeing placed a banner ad. We do not use tracers to gather information on your use of the internet unrelated to Boeing. Please note that Boeing does not use tracers to identify your personal information, and you remain anonymous unless and until you choose to register. 

**Do we collect personal information?** In some cases, Boeing requests personally identifiable information from you in order to satisfy the underlying transaction or purpose of your accessing the Site. Examples of personally identifiable information include names, e-mail addresses, mailing addresses, and the like. Please note that we do not consider aggregated information, from which personally identifiable information has been removed, to be private.

**What happens if I register?** Registration is allowed or required on certain Boeing Sites. Please refer to the agreements and policies applicable to the Boeing Site for which you provide registration information in order to assure that you understand the applicable privacy practices. Boeing may collect registration data in order to monitor compliance with the terms of use governing the Site and to set up access permissions to certain Boeing Sites.

**What security is provided?** We do not treat your general interaction with Boeing.com (e.g., submission of suggestions) as confidential. However, certain Boeing Sites do conduct transactions for which heightened security is appropriate. For instance, certain Boeing Sites encrypt your personal information (e.g., for transmission of credit card data), so that only appropriate personnel are able to decode your information. Note that most internet browsers also offer security alerts that permit you to determine whether your transmissions are protected. Please refer to the agreements and policies applicable to the Boeing Site for which you provide personal information in order to assure that you understand applicable security practices.

**When would we disclose your information?** We do not rent, sell, or trade any personally identifiable information about you (e.g., e-mail addresses) to third parties. Certain Boeing Sites may disclose information to third parties assisting us in processing a transaction requested by you (e.g., credit card service providers). In order to cooperate with legitimate governmental requests, subpoenas, or court orders, to protect Boeing and/or Boeing's systems and customers, or to ensure the integrity and operation of Boeing and/or Boeing's business and systems, Boeing and/or Boeing may access and disclose any information it considers necessary or appropriate under the circumstances.

**What about children's privacy?** Boeing asks children under 13 not to transmit any information to the Site. Boeing welcomes the parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 to use the Site and provide any information, service, or product gained from the Site to their child. The Kids page found on Boeing.com does not gather identifiable personal information and is operated as a static Site for informational purposes only.

**What if data is transmitted internationally?** If you are one of our international guests, we realize that you may want to know whether your personal information will be transferred out of your country of origin. Please be aware that when you register or request a transaction on a Boeing Site, your personal data may be transferred to computers in the United States in order to process your request.

**Does this apply to all of the Boeing Sites?** Through Boeing.com, you may link to many networked web pages and websites operated by Boeing and its subsidiaries and affiliates (together, the "Boeing Sites"). Not all of them have adopted this policy. Individual Boeing Sites may adopt different privacy policies that fit transactions taking place on that Boeing Site. If a Boeing Site has its own privacy policy, the provisions of that policy will control if it conflicts with this general policy. Also, some Boeing Sites are intended to facilitate interaction with other businesses, and may not adopt a privacy policy for individuals. Users of those Sites should check with their employer regarding the employer's arrangements with Boeing and applicable privacy practices.

**What about external links?** For the convenience of our Site visitors, Boeing may provide links to third party web sites that are external to Boeing. These web sites are not operated or controlled by Boeing, and Boeing is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such external web sites.

**How do we keep current?** From time to time, Boeing may revise this Privacy Policy at its discretion. We note the date of the policy below, so you know when it was last updated. Boeing advises you to check back periodically to review the Privacy Policy because users of the Site will be prospectively bound by the then-current version of this Privacy Policy.
