> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the joinpiggy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151228100246id_/http%3A//www.joinpiggy.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Piggy

### Privacy Policy

Piggy (www.joinpiggy.com) a Piggy Property, has always been fully committed to safeguarding your privacy online and respects the privacy of its customers and the users of this website and the services provided by Piggy . This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") discloses how we collect and use information, and the choices that you can make about the way your information is collected and used.

In addition to the many services that Piggy provides throughout the Automatic Coupons, Huge Sales, and Cash back! network of affiliated companies, Piggy delivers advertisements, promotions and offers by e-mail and through its marketing programs to its members and subscribers who have opted-in to receive such messages, either directly through Piggy , or through one of our partners or affiliates (the "Service"). Piggy is committed to providing you with relevant and timely offers catered to your specific interests that you want to receive, in addition to allowing us to continue to provide you with the latest in web hosting technology.

Piggy is dedicated to following only responsible and ethical e-mail practices. Piggy takes an aggressive stance against unsolicited commercial e-mail and is continually updating its policies and procedures to comply with the Can-Spam Act of 2003. In that regard, we know that just because you opted-in to receive Piggy messages or became a member of our community, you may want to discontinue future e-mail offers and promotions from Piggy . You can remove yourself from any or all of our lists and offers at any time by following the simple instructions at http://www.joinpiggy.com/help/unsubscribe . Additionally, every e-mail that Piggy sends to its members and subscribers contains a working unsubscribe link prominently displayed at the bottom of each e-mail. By clicking on such link, you will be automatically removed from future Piggy offers and promotions. Lastly, if a Piggy advertiser provides Piggy a link to the advertiser’s internal e-mail suppression list, Piggy will provide this link to you with our offer delivery so that you may choose to remove yourself from a specific offer.  
Piggy is committed to making your use of www.joinpiggy.com as easy and enjoyable as possible. Please take a moment to read the following Privacy Policy to determine how you personal information will be treated as you make full use of our many offerings. By using the Site and/or the Service, or providing the information requested by the Site and/or Service, or by continuing to use the Site and/or Service after having an opportunity to review this Privacy Policy, you agree to accept the terms of our Privacy Policy and Piggy ’s use of the information it collects. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site or participate in the Service.  
Piggy reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time without giving you prior notice. Your use of the Site or the Service following any such modification constitutes your agreement to be bound by this Privacy Policy as modified. The last date this Privacy Policy was revised or modified is set forth below ("Effective Date").

I. What personally identifiable information does Piggy collect from me?

Piggy collects information in several ways from affiliates and different parts of our network of web sites. Some personal information is gathered when you register. During registration, Piggy will require your e-mail address in order to use the Service. Piggy will also require your name, date of birth, address, home phone, zip code, country, mother’s maiden name and gender in order to provide the Service, although this information may not necessarily be collected by Piggy upon completion of the registration process. The more information you volunteer (and the more accurate it is), the better we are able to customize your experience and the Service that you receive. As always, you can simply view the Site without registering or subscribing to portions of the Service without being required to provide any personal information, except that which is necessary to accommodate your request.  
In addition to registration we may ask you for personal information at other times, including, but not limited to, when you request access to our entertainment or computer utilities offerings, etc., or agree to download our content for your use. If you contact Piggy , we may keep a record of that correspondence. Piggy also occasionally asks users to complete surveys that we use for both research purposes and to provide the Service. Wherever Piggy collects personal information, we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that specified page.

II. What are cookies and how does Piggy use them?

As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, Piggy uses cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Any Site which asks you to log-in or that are customizable require that you accept cookies.  
Generally, Piggy uses cookies to:  
(1) Remind us of who you are and to access your account information (stored on our computers) in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service. This cookie is set when you register or "Login" and is modified when you "Customize" or "Logout" of our services. Piggy also uses cookies to store your zip code and other information you have submitted for other services, such as displaying your local weather.  
(2) Estimate our audience size. Each browser accessing Piggy is given a unique cookie which is then used to determine the extent of repeat usage, usage by a registered user versus by an unregistered user, and to help target advertisements based on user interests and behavior.  
(3) Assist affiliates and merchants associated with Piggy to track visits to and business at their sites and stores, and to process the items in your shopping basket. This information collected by cookies is sometimes called "clickstream" or "click trail" and may also describe which pages you have seen in each merchant's store.  
(4) Measure certain traffic patterns, for example areas of Piggy 's network of Sites you have visited, and your visiting patterns in the aggregate. We use this research to understand how our users' habits are similar or different from one another so that we can make each new experience on a Piggy Site a better one. We may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you and other users will see on our sites.  
Advertisers that serve ads onto Piggy may also use their own cookies. Advertisers and Affiliates will place a cookie or similar technology on your device when an ad is clicked. Piggy also collects IP addresses for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. In addition, Piggy Mail includes IP addresses in outgoing mail message headers.

III. How does Piggy use my information?

Piggy 's primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with a customized experience on our network of Sites and through our partners. This includes personalization services, interactive communications, online shopping and many other types of services, most of which are completely free to you. In order to provide services free of charge, we display advertisements and encourage your participation in opt-in mailings. By knowing a little about you, Piggy is able to deliver more relevant advertisements and content and hence better service, to you.  
In our role of delivering targeted advertisements, Piggy plays the middleman. Advertisers give us an advertisement and tell us the type of audience they want to reach (for example, males over 35 years old). Piggy takes the advertisement and displays it to users meeting that criteria. In this process, the advertiser never has access to individual user information. In other cases, this information may be shared with Piggy 's affiliates and trusted partners in order to deliver advertisements and e-mail offers. This kind of advertisement targeting is done with banner ads as well as promotional email through Piggy , its affiliates and trusted business partners. You will only receive special offers via email from Piggy , its affiliates and trusted business partners if you have indicated in your account preferences, or at some other time, that you would like to receive them.  
Piggy does research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us upon registration, during a promotion, from our server log files or from surveys. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. Piggy may share this aggregated data with advertisers or business partners.  
As Piggy develops, we may buy other businesses or their assets or sell our business assets. Customer information is generally one of the business assets involved in such transactions. Thus, in the event that Piggy or all of its assets are acquired, customer information, including any visitor information collected through the Site or the Service, would be one of the transferred assets.  
Piggy reserves the right to disclose collected information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contract or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Piggy ’s rights or property, other visitors, subscribers, members or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Piggy also reserves the right to disclose visitor, member or subscriber information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.  
IV. Who is collecting information?  
When you are on a Site and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Piggy alone, unless it is specifically stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy or in an offer form or registration form that you may be asked to complete as part of utilizing the Service. For example, certain information like name, e-mail address, and address, as well as your responses to survey questions, may be shared with affiliates and trusted business partners to better provide the Service and to provide you with timely e-mail offers or products that interest you. Additionally, some Services, like Piggy Wireless, are offered in conjunction with a partner company. In order to provide this co-branded service to you, it is necessary for us to share your personal information with our partner company.  
Promotions that run on Piggy may be sponsored by companies other than Piggy or may be co-sponsored by Piggy and another company. Some or all data collected during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor of that promotion.  
Please be aware that Piggy partners, sponsors advertisers, and web sites that have links on our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those Internet access partners, advertisers, and web sites linked from Piggy are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Piggy has no liability or responsibility for these independent policies or the use of any personally identifiable information transferred to trusted business partners.  


V. With whom does Piggy share my information?

Except as otherwise set forth in the Privacy Policy, Piggy will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when you have decided to opt-in to receive information, we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described in this Privacy Policy. The following describes some of the ways that your information may be disclosed.  
a. Business Partners & Sponsors: Piggy may disclose your personal information to trusted business partners or sponsors. Some or all data collected during a Piggy promotion may be shared with a sponsor or business partner. By accessing this Site and providing Piggy with personally identifying information about you such as your name, mailing address, phone number or any financial information such as a credit card number about you will be shared (assuming we have it), you agree that Piggy may share this information with affiliates and trusted business partners. This may occur, for example, by engaging in the Service, or if you download Piggy marketing programs or other content, Piggy Software, or third party software. By downloading software from a Piggy business partner or sponsor, you specifically consent to the transfer of the personally identifiable information to and/or by such entity.  
Our trusted business partners and sponsors will change from time to time, and therefore it is not possible to provide an exhaustive list of our sponsors and business partners. However, some of the trusted business partners or sponsors that Piggy may disclose your personal information to, and you specifically consent to the transfer of such information, include, without limitation:  
Piggy , - Piggy ’s 3rd Party Email Partner  
(http://www.joinpiggy.com)  
b. Piggy Shopping: If you make a purchase from a store hosted or referred by Piggy , or a merchant associated with Piggy , the information obtained during your visit to those stores, and the information you give such as your credit card number and contact information, is provided to the merchants. This is to enable transactions to take place.  
Merchants associated with Piggy have separate privacy and data collection practices. Piggy has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. For more information regarding the merchant, their store, and their privacy policies, return to that store's home page and click on their information or privacy policy links, if any.  
c. Third Party Data: From time to time, you may be offered the opportunity to receive materials or special offers from third parties. If you opt-in to receive information from these third parties, you agree that Piggy may share your name, email address and other information you provide with these third parties.  
From time to time, Piggy may validate the information in its database by employing a validation service. In those instances, Piggy will disclose your personally identifiable information to third party validation services pursuant to confidentiality agreements.  
Under confidentiality agreements, Piggy may match user information with third party data. Also, Piggy discloses aggregated user statistics (for example, 65% of our users are female) in order to describe our services to current and prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes.  
d. Other: Piggy may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating Piggy ’s policies or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Piggy ’s rights or property, other Piggy users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Piggy may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services. Lastly, Piggy may disclose a users e-mail address as part of a suppression file or do-not-e-mail list to its partners and affiliates to make sure that a users unsubscribe requests are forwarded to the appropriate parties to insure removal of the user from partner and affiliate databases in compliance with law, including without limitation, the Can-Spam Act of 2003.  
e. Access: At any time you may send us an email to help@joinpiggy.com or by postal mail addressed to: Piggy , Attention: Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues, 255 Primera Blvd. - Suite 160, Lake Mary, FL 32746 to request a listing of all the types of your personal information disclosed by Piggy to third parties, business partners and sponsors. If requested, Piggy will provide an e-mail response within thirty (30) days informing you of the recipients of your personally identifiable information and the information disclosed to third parties, business partners or sponsors.

VI. What are my choices regarding collections, use and distribution of my information?

Piggy may, from time to time, send you email regarding third party promotions, and our, as well as other, products and services. In addition, if you indicated upon registration that you are interested in receiving offers or information from Piggy and our partners, we may occasionally send you direct postal mail about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. Only Piggy (or agents and affiliates working on behalf of Piggy and under confidentiality agreements) will send you these direct postal mailings and only if you indicated that you do not object to these offers. If you do not wish to receive such postal mailings at any time you can easily send us an email at help@joinpiggy.com along with the information you submitted during your initial registration and that you no longer wish to receive such offers and mailings. You will need your initial registration information including postal address and email address.  
On some types of Piggy promotions, we will ask for your email address in order to update you on products and services. When you participate in these types of promotions, you automatically receive promotion-related email from Piggy , its affiliates and business partners, unless you choose the no-email option that some promotions offer. Occasionally these promotion-related email messages may include targeted advertisements.  
You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable to use those Piggy services that require registration in order to participate. These services include, without limitation, Piggy ’s free or contributing memberships and creating a portfolio or cart in any Piggy Site or affiliated family member.

VII. What is Piggy ’s policy on allowing me to update, correct, or delete my personally identifiable information?

You may deactivate or delete your Piggy subscription at any time. If you are participating in a Piggy promotion and you wish to quit a promotion and cease receiving promotion-related email, please contact help@joinpiggy.com, or unsubscribe [here](https://web.archive.org/unsubscribe/).

VIII. What security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of my information?

Account information for Piggy members are password-protected so that you and only you have access to this personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Piggy cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.

IX. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act

The Site is not intended for use by children. Piggy encourages parents and guardians to be familiar with the web sites that their children visit. The Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") regulates the means by which web site operators collect and use personal information from children under 13, pursuant to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (the "Act"). For more information about the Act and children’s on-line privacy in general, visit the FTC’s web site at http://www.ftc.gov. We also recommend third party software programs to help parents and guardians govern their children's internet viewing options.  


X. What else should I know about my privacy?

Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online (for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas) that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.  
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.

XI. Miscellaneous Provisions.

a. Disclaimer of Liability. Under no circumstances shall Piggy be liable for any damages, including, but not limited to, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, that result from the use of the information or materials posted to or collected as a result of the user’s accessing the Site or use of the Service, even if Piggy has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  
b. Enforcement/Redress. If for some reason you believe that Piggy has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please notify us at the addresses below. Piggy will endeavor to respond to your concerns and, when appropriate, take steps to correct a problem.  
c. Security of the Data Collected. The Site is not a secure web site. Piggy cannot and does not ensure or warrant the security of any information collected by use, transmitted over the Internet, or maintained in your user profile. You agree that any data transmission you make or receive through the Site or the Service is at your own risk.

XII. Additional Information.

If you have a question that was not addressed in this Privacy Policy, you may contact us by:  
sending an e-mail request to help@joinpiggy.com; or  
sending a letter via U.S. Mail to: 

Automatic Coupons, Huge Sales, and Cash back!   
Attention: Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues  
255 Primera Blvd..  
Suite 160  
Lake Mary, FL 32746
