> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the joinhoney.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171219071736id_/https%3A//www.joinhoney.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Honey

## Privacy and Security Policy

### Last updated: September 19, 2017

### Introduction

Shop smarter, together.As users of the internet, we care about privacy just like you. And as good human beings, we think you deserve to know exactly what you can expect from the Honey experience. So before we get to the privacy policy, we'd first like to tell you our data and privacy philosophy in simple language. We think you’ll like our approach.The easy stuff first. We promise not to sell ANY of your personally identifiable data. Ever. We also promise that we do not collect any data that is not necessary to save you time and money. It’s that simple.Honey's mission is to find new ways to save people time and money. We believe the best way to achieve this mission is to build a community of people and empower them with data-driven shopping tools.We built Honey because we think the way e-commerce works today doesn’t work. Everyone shops in isolation and wastes time hunting around on their own for good deals. When someone tries to use a promo code and it doesn't work, why does everyone else on the internet have to repeat this futile exercise? Or when someone notices a huge price drop on an item, why is it so hard for other shoppers to get in on the action?When people come together and form a community like Honey, that’s when the magic happens. As residents of the traffic Thunderdome that is Los Angeles, our favorite example of this community network approach is Waze. Waze created a network out of the millions of people who used to navigate their daily commutes in isolation. With Waze, every member contributes information about their traffic conditions back to the network and Waze is able to help everyone else navigate around congested areas. The network has made GPS infinitely more useful and traffic more manageable. Everybody wins.We are applying this community network concept to e-commerce because when online shoppers come together and share their shopping journey, everyone can make better purchase decisions. Similar to Waze, our members contribute real-time information back to the Honey network and help millions of others in the process. Want to know what promo codes work? Sure, someone just tested the codes with Honey five minutes ago. Want to see when a product you’re interested in goes on sale? Another Honey member is helping us update the price right now. When shoppers hunt for deals in packs, rather than on their own, everyone saves time and money. Everybody wins.We understand this community network approach isn’t for everyone and that’s okay. We think the vast majority of our members will see the value of sharing things like successful promo codes and price drops with each other and will learn first-hand how it helps everyone save a lot of time and a big pot of Honey. But, it’s up to you, and we give you the choice to opt out at any time.Our stance on privacy is simple: We will be transparent with what data we collect and how we use it to save you time and money, and you can decide if you’re good with that.If this sounds good, then let’s start shopping smarter, together.George Ruan  
Co-Founder and CEO, HoneyP.S. If you have any questions or comments, we're always listening at [privacy@joinhoney.com](mailto:privacy@joinhoney.com).

### The Privacy Policy

This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) governs your use of the websites and software applications and other online services (collectively the “Service”) provided by Honey Science Corporation (“Honey” or “we”). The Service presently includes, but is not limited to, the Honey extension for desktop web browsers (“the Extension”), and the website located at [ www.joinhoney.com](https://www.joinhoney.com/)(“the Website”). We built the Service to help our users efficiently save time and money by locating deals on the products and services they are most interested in.Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Use (located at [https://www.joinhoney.com/terms)](https://www.joinhoney.com/terms).

### What information does the Service obtain and collect?

User Provided InformationThe Service obtains information you directly provide to us (“User Provided Information”), including information you provide when you optionally register as a member of the Service. Registration with the Service is required in order to be able to use some, but not all, features of the Service. When registration is required to use a feature you will be prompted to log in or to create an account if you have not already done so.When you register with us and use the Service, you are generally asked to provide your name, email address, username, password and other registration information. As you continue to use the Service, you will have the opportunity to provide additional User Provided Information such as when you comment on a deal. Additionally when you contact us for help or enter other information into our systems it is collected to help provide the Service to you.Some features of the Service also allow you to submit “User Content” (as defined in our Service’s Terms of Service). User Content may also include your Personal Information if you choose to do so (e.g., you upload your name or image to an account page or a user comment).Automatically Collected InformationIn addition, in order to safely provide the features available in the Service we also collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of devices you use, your device’s unique device IDs where available or set, the IP address of your device, your operating system, the type of browsers you use, how you engage with websites you visit using the Service, non-personal data extracted from third party websites, and information about the way you use the Service such as when you click on the Honey button to apply coupon codes automatically during checkout.We may use “clear GIFs” (aka “web beacons” or “pixel tags”) or similar technologies, on our Service or in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a part of our Service or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a website or in an email or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote website on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual’s viewing or receipt of a website or message. We may also log information using digital images called web beacons on our Service or in our emails. We may use web beacons to manage cookies, count visits, and to learn what marketing works and what does not. We may also use web beacons to tell if you open or act on our emails.We do not automatically collect personally identifiable information, but we may tie personally identifiable information with the automatically collected information using the above tools or information collected from other sources. In such cases, we will NOT share any information with third parties that ties your Automatically Collected Information with your personally identifiable information except as set forth in the section below titled “Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Service?”Where possible we work to make settings available to you as a member to control which features are available and the information required for us to provide each.

### What information does the Service NOT obtain?

Your privacy and security is very important to us. There are many types of information that the Service does NOT collect. For example, we do not collect any information from your email, bank or credit card accounts. We do not record personal information that you have not provided to us directly or explicitly given us permission to record.As a general principle, when you use the Extension we are careful to only run our software on websites where we can provide value to you as a Honey member as a result of our software being enabled.

### How do we use your information that you provide through the Service?

From time to time we may contact you to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions. As a general operating principle we will try to build the option to limit any excessive communications that many people could find annoying while continuing to build the best possible service for our members.We may use also information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personally identifiable information to:

  * customize and optimize the content or advertisements you receive when you use the Service, and otherwise improve your experience on our Service;
  * analyze and improve our services, which may include tracking traffic, usage, and navigation patterns related to your activities on the Service and the links we provide to third party websites or advertisements;
  * secure your account and prevent fraud;
  * carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
  * protect our or a third-party’s legal rights or interests; and
  * in any other way we may expressly disclose to you when you provide the information.



### How do we share your information with third parties?

We will not disclose your personally identifiable information to any third party for directing marketing without your approval. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.With your permission, we may also share your User Provided Information to the extent needed to let you redeem your Honey Gold points with a third party (e.g., to have an Amazon Gift Card sent to you).We may also disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information, including any personally identifiable information that is included in the foregoing, to third parties in the following circumstances:

  * as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
  * when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
  * with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf to provide the Service, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
  * with a buyer, affiliate or other successor if Honey is involved in a merger, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, dissolution or sale of all or a portion of its assets and User Provided Information and Automatically Collected Information is among the assets being transferred, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
  * In aggregate with other data in such a way that no personally identifying information is disclosed or can be deciphered.



### Honey Exclusive Offers and Advertising

We work with merchants to make exclusive offers (“Exclusive Offers”) available to you as a Honey member that are often better than those that are available to the general public. In some cases your eligibility for some of these Exclusive Offers is based in whole or in part upon data we or our merchant partners collect. When Honey User Provided or Automatically Collected Information is used for Exclusive Offer qualification no personally identifying information is ever transferred to the merchant partner.In some cases an action is required by you in order to claim an Exclusive Offer such as by clicking on a “claim” button presented in our software. Claiming an offer does not guarantee it will be available when you check out as there may be additional requirements from our merchant partner to successfully redeem an offer, including tracking your purchase through to delivery. When you claim an offer we will make a commercially reasonable effort to ensure that the offer remains available but do not make any specific guarantees as we and our merchant partners rely on numerous third party systems employing a mix of technologies including cookies to track results. Your use of other software including adblockers or other affiliate or offer programs provided by other third parties can also interfere with this tracking in which case you may no longer be eligible for the Exclusive Offer. If you encounter problems redeeming an offer please contact us at [info@joinhoney.com](mailto:info@joinhoney.com) and we will try to help resolve your problem.

### What are my opt-out rights?

You can stop all collection of information by the Service easily by uninstalling the Service and no longer visiting our website. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your web browser, mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.Additionally, to give you even greater control over your privacy we give you the option to opt-out of some data collection in the account settings pages. In some cases, opting out of data collection will limit or block our ability to provide certain features of the Service such as Exclusive Offers negotiated with our merchant partners based on use of this data to qualify you for an offer.

### Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information

We will retain User Provided data and Automatically Collected information for as long as you use the Service and for a reasonable time thereafter.If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Service, please contact us at [privacy@joinhoney.com](mailto:privacy@joinhoney.com) and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data and Automatically Collected data may be required in order for the Service to function properly.Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to [privacy@joinhoney.com](mailto:privacy@joinhoney.com).

### Cookies

We use cookies and other semi-persistent but non-personally identifying user identification markers to identify users of the Service. When you join as a member and create an account, your User Provided Information will be synced with these IDs. Your acceptance of use of these IDs is required to use the Service as we require them to limit fraudulent or malicious use of the Service.Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and/or across different websites. Our Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Services and after you leave our Services.

### Children

The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under 13; if you are a child under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn we have collected personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at [privacy@joinhoney.com](mailto:privacy@joinhoney.com).

### Security

We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Service. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches and we do not guarantee against any such breaches.

### Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use of the Service is deemed approval of all changes.

### Your Consent

By using the Service, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. ”Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Service, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at [privacy@joinhoney.com](mailto:privacy@joinhoney.com) .
