> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kforce.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180818145936id_/https%3A//www.kforce.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy I Kforce

Kforce Inc., and its subsidiaries (collectively “Kforce”) respects your privacy and we are committed to the security of your information when you visit our website and use our applications.  This Privacy Policy will tell you about how we handle your Personal Information from your use of the website and applications, how we use and protect that information, and what choices you have concerning how such information is used on the website you are viewing, as well as any other Kforce-affiliated website to which you may link from this website. 

**What Information We Collect and How that Information May Be Used**

Kforce considers information that can identify, or be used to contact, a unique individual as “Personal Information.” When you use our website or applications, we may collect Personal Information from you. This Personal Information may be information you submit directly to Kforce; or it may be information that the technology present on our website, or in our applications, collects automatically. This information would include your profile information which includes but may not be limited to your e-mail address, address, and telephone number. Depending on the nature of your inquiry or activities on the website and applications, we may also collect your job search criteria and preferences, employment experience, educational history, skills, references information, background information, and other information contained in your resume, and any login ID or email address that you create.  Additionally, by creating a profile and logging into our website, we may collect and use automatically collected information (like where you navigated through our website, or what features of our applications you used).

As we noted earlier, when you use our website and applications, we use automated means of collecting information, such as cookies and other web-based or electronic tracking technologies to collect information about your use of the website or application.  This information is necessary in order for us to provide you with personalized and location-based content, as well as for analyzing the use of resources, troubleshooting problems, preventing fraud, and improving our services. Collected items may include the pages most frequently visited, services accessed the most, and links to other sites that users most often visit.  We measure activity in aggregate, such as number of users of our website, and activities conducted on our website, but may sometimes choose to measure use on an individual level. This allows us to provide a better user experience.

Kforce uses the information we collect for the following purposes: (1) to provide you with information regarding employment opportunities and career-related information; (2) establishing and maintaining communications with you; (3) where you have requested a service, assisting you in the completion of your application, the assessment of your eligibility for any such requested service, the processing and maintenance of the service, as well as any applicable renewal of such service; (4) responding to your inquiries about applications, accounts and other services; (5) making proposals for future service needs; (6) allowing our affiliated companies to notify you of certain products or services offered by our affiliated companies; (7) processing transactions through service providers; (8) complying with applicable legal requirements, court orders, legal proceedings, document requests, and industry standards and our policies; (9) protecting against fraud, suspicious or other illegal activities; (10) protecting the rights of Kforce or other third parties; and (11) compiling statistics for analysis of our sites and our business.

This website also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.  Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage for Kforce and its affiliates.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**How We May Share Your Information**

Kforce may disclose your Personal Information: (1) to third parties to perform business functions; (2) to our affiliated entities for the purposes of providing, marketing, or improving our services; (3) to comply with legal requirements, such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; (4) as part of a business transaction, such as a reorganization, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or similar event, or (5) in special cases, such as protecting the rights, property, or safety of Kforce, our customers or others. 

Kforce may share your Personal Information with third parties or Kforce customers for employment, recruitment, and placement services, for potential employment opportunities with customers who are seeking employees who have your qualifications, or to a customer with whom you have been placed by Kforce, in order to integrate with their employment or application process.  Kforce may also share your information with third party service providers which are under contract to us, for the provision of the services for which you or one of our clients has contracted. These service providers have agreements with Kforce to handle your Personal Information the same way Kforce would. For example, Kforce uses analytics providers which track your use of the website or application. Kforce will only share Personal Information about you that is relevant to our legitimate business purposes or as stated in this Privacy Policy.

Additionally, this website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Kforce website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and Google’s privacy policy.

**Linked Websites**

Kforce’s website may contain links to third party websites not controlled by Kforce and therefore not covered by this Privacy Policy. Any information that you submit, post, or otherwise reveal on these third party sites is governed by the privacy policy of those sites.  We recommend that you review the terms and conditions of use and privacy policies in place on such third party websites.

**Protecting Your Information**

We want your information to remain as secure as reasonably possible. We regularly monitor industry-standard technical safeguards for securing your Personal Information and review our physical, technical, and organizational security practices to determine how we can prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure of your Personal Information.  While we strive to protect your Personal Information, considering the nature of the Internet, and your control over your own access codes, Kforce cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. 

**Your Rights and Choices**

We may also, from time to time, use your Personal Information to send you messages or marketing materials regarding our services, including employment information and job opportunities that you indicate an interest in when creating a profile. You may receive these messages from Kforce via email, phone, direct mail, and other communication means.   

We do not, however, want to send you information that you do not wish to receive, and you may opt out of receiving these communications or change your preferences, as indicated below: 

  1. Email Link. Each email we send will contain instructions on how to unsubscribe in the event that you do not wish to receive future informational emails from Kforce. 
  2. Direct Request. You can email us directly to request to be removed from the informational email list by sending the request to [EmailAdmin@Kforce.com](mailto:EmailAdmin@Kforce.com). 
  3. Update Profile Online.  You can access your profile online via the website, or the application, and change your communication preferences or



unsubscribe from informational emails. 

You may choose to refuse cookies, which will restrict our ability to report on individual use - simply refer to your browser’s help instructions to learn more about how to manage their use.

The major browsers have attempted to implement the draft “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) standard of the World Wide Web Consortium (“W3C”) in their latest releases. As this standard has not been finalized, Kforce’s website is not compatible with DNT and so does not recognize DNT settings.

**Your California Privacy Rights**

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 requires any operator of a website to permit its California-resident customers to request and obtain from the operator a list of what personal information the operator disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes, for the preceding calendar year; and the addresses and names of such third parties. Kforce does not share any personal information collected from this site with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.

**How to Contact Kforce**

If at any time you have questions or concerns about Kforce's privacy commitment or anything contained in this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us via the Contact Us form, via e-mail at [support@kforce.com](mailto:support@kforce.com), at the address below, or by calling 1-877-4KFORCE to speak to one of our team members. 

  
Our postal address is:  
Kforce Inc.  
Attn:  Human Resources  
1001 E. Palm Ave  
Tampa, FL 33605

**Consent and Changes to Privacy Policy**

By using this website or our applications, you acknowledge and consent to the privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy, including the collection and use of your information as described herein.  Kforce may change this Privacy Policy from time to time due to changes in relevant law or Kforce’s business practices.  If we decide to make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this website, and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Policy.

    
This Privacy Policy was last revised and is effective as of March 6, 2017.
