> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 34sp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190715184423id_/https%3A//www.34sp.com/securityandprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Security and Privacy

### What information does 34SP.com collect?

When you sign up for our services, we collect personal information including your name, date of birth, email address, physical address and phone number. We also record the IP address  of your computer when you sign up.

We will also ask a set of security questions and keep the answers to those stored on your account.

If you contact us for technical or account support, we keep a record of the correspondence between us so that that we can refer to it in the future and provide better support to you. If you do this by telephone call, we will keep a recording of that call for 30 days, including the number that you called from.

For security, we record the IP address of any computer used to log in to the Control Panel and show this to you so you can verify that there has been no unauthorised access since your last login.

  


### Why does 34SP.com collect this information?

Contact details are collected when you make a payment in order to detect fraudulent card use.

When registering a domain name, we are required to collect your contact information and share it with the domain registry.

We will use your contact details in cases where we need to contact you in connection with your account, for instance if you have a payment to make, if we identify an issue with your account that we need to speak to you about, or if there are any changes to your account that we need to tell you about. We also use them to establish account ownership and prevent fraudulent access to your account.

We will also use your email address to keep you up to date with our newsletter. You can opt out of this from your account control panel if you choose.

  


### Who does 34SP.com share my information with?

When making a payment, we will share your card and contact information with our payment provider, SecureTrading. In turn, they will share information with your card provider (eg. your bank).

If you register a domain name, we will share your contact information with the domain registry and our domain provider. For .uk domain names, this is Nominet. For other domain types, this can be Easyspace or Ascio.

  


### How does 34SP.com use cookies?

We use a cookie placed on your computer to recognise you as a previous visitor to our website. This will also let us know if you’re already a customer and, if you choose, means that we don’t have to prompt you to log in again every time.

We include some resources from other providers on our website. As such they will be able to see some information about you.

For analysis of our website traffic, we use Google Analytics. You can find their privacy policy [here](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en). Google will place a cookie on your computer for this purpose. We use their IP anonymisation feature to remove personally identifiable information from the data they hold.

For fonts on our website, we use Typekit. You can find their privacy policy [here](https://www.adobe.com/uk/privacy/policies/typekit.html).

  


### What information does 34SP.com store about my site’s visitors?

We collect the IP address of anyone visiting your website and store it in your site’s access logs. We use this IP address to track attacks on websites we host and allow us take steps to prevent those attacks.

We keep access logs for 28 days on Professional Hosting and 30 days on Universal and Business Hosting. Plesk manages logs on our Reseller Hosting platform, and it empties logs when they reach 10240kb in size, retaining a maximum of 10 files at once.

What other information you collect from your site’s visitors is up to you, and if you store it in a database or file on your account, we will be holding onto that data for you.

  


### What about my data rights?

You have the right to have us erase data that we hold about you. Note that we are separately required to keep financial records for up to 7 years so any invoices on your account will be retained even after your information has been erased.

You have the right to have us rectify any incorrect information we hold about you. You can update your personal information from the [Control Panel](https://account.34sp.com/).

You have the right to data portability. To download an archive of all the information we hold about you, visit the [Control Panel](https://account.34sp.com/) and follow the guide in our knowledge base ['How to download your personal data'](https://www.34sp.com/kb/227/how-to-download-your-personal-data).
