> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the guitartabs.cc privacy policy that was archived on 2002-06-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20020601214004id_/http%3A//www.guitartabs.cc/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Guitar Tab Universe - Privacy Policy

      _Guitar Tab Universe_ is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintains the following privacy policy to protect personal information you provide online. 

**Basic Confidentiality Policy:**   
     It is the _Guitar Tab Universe_ policy that personal information, such as your name and e-mail address, is private and confidential. Accordingly, the personal information you provide is stored in a secure location, is accessible only by designated staff, and is used only for the purposes for which you provide the information (such as to post on the discussion boards or utilize other member services). For example, when you make a post on the message board, your username will be revealed to anyone who reads your message but more sensitive information such as your name or e-mail address is only included if you so wish. You are free to delete this information from the message headers prior to its submission but please leave it accurate and up to date in your account profile. If you also indicate that you would like to receive information about _GTU_ and its activities in the form of e-mail messages and newsletters, your personal information will be added to the appropriate _GTU_ mailing lists. If at any time you change your mind and would like to add or remove your name from the any mailing lists, or correct your personal information, please log in and edit your profile. 

**No Release of Information to Third Parties:**   
     Personal information will not be released to third parties except to further the purpose for which you provide the information. There are no other circumstances under which we will provide or sell personal information to third parties. 

**No Computer Tracking of Identifiable Information:**   
     This server is not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information about its visitors. It does recognize the home server of visitors, but not e-mail addresses. For example, it can identify which Internet Service Providers our visitors use, but not the names, addresses or other information about our visitors that would allow us to identify the particular visitors to our sites. This information is used only for internal purposes for tracking statistical trends. For example, we compile statistics that show the daily number of visitors to our sites, the daily requests we receive for particular files, and what countries those requests come from. These aggregated statistics are used internally to better provide services to the public and may also be provided to others, but again, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such data. 
