> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the guitarplayer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-04-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060427010907id_/http%3A//www.guitarplayer.com/hybrid.asp%3Ftypecode%3D4%26pubcode%3D1%26navcode%3D45%26mainone%3D1) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Guitar Player - The complete acoustic and electric guitar package

## Privacy Statement for all CMP Entertainment Media Inc. Websites

CMP Entertainment Media maintains high standards for the protection of privacy over the Internet. The purpose of this statement is to explain the types of information CMP Entertainment Media obtains about visitors to our websites, how the information is obtained, how it is used, and how visitors can restrict its use or disclosure.

The only individually-identifiable information CMP Entertainment Media obtains about individual visitors to our websites is information supplied voluntarily by the visitor. This means that you can visit our websites without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself -- we DO NOT track where you go on our sites. To gauge the effectiveness of our websites, we do collect some non-individually-identifiable generic information about our visitors. Our web servers automatically recognize a visitor's domain name (such as .com, .edu, etc.), the web page from which a visitor enters our site, which pages a visitor visits on our site, and on some sites, how much time a visitor spends on each page. This information does not reveal a visitor's identity. We aggregate this information and use it to evaluate and improve our websites.

You can choose to provide individually-identifiable information to CMP Entertainment Media in a number of ways through our websites --by ordering a service from us, sending us email, registering to receive news or website update information, or entering a contest. When visitors supply information about themselves for a specific purpose, CMP Entertainment Media uses the information for that purpose (such as to provide the information the visitor has requested). In addition, when visitors use our websites to order services, or to request information about our services, we may use the individually-identifiable information as we would use the same information obtained off-line--for example, to evaluate your service needs and contact you regarding additional services you may find useful. You have the right to cancel any service you sign up for (details for canceling are included with the sign-up confirmation email). Those signing up for services may also receive site-specific information regarding updates, news, conferences, contests, or other information, which we deem to be important to our visitors. This may include commercial messages as part of the email. When commercial messages are part of the email (or the entire email), it will be designated "Advertisement" or "Commercial Message." Further, at the time you provide us with individually identifiable information for any reason, if we so advise you, or you otherwise consent, we may use such information to contact you about other CMP Entertainment Media events, products or services that we believe may be of interest to you.

Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell or disclose individually identifiable information obtained on-line about our visitors to anyone outside of CMP Entertainment Media unless it is required by law, or disclosure is necessary to protect the safety of customers, employees or property. If you provide individually identifiable information to us in the context of an event CMP Entertainment Media sponsors with another company, such as a contest, or if you register on a co-sponsored site or feature, the individually identifiable information that you provide to us may also be provided to the co-sponsor. In addition, if we so advise you, or you otherwise consent, at the time you provide us with individually identifiable information, we may provide such information for marketing purposes to select third parties that we believe have products or services that may be of interest to you.

Some of CMP Entertainment Media's websites may use "cookies" to improve our level of service to visitors. Cookies are lines of text that are transmitted to your web browser when you click on a site. Your browser stores the information on your hard drive and when you return to that site later, the cookie is transmitted back to the server that originally sent it to you. Cookies provide a way for a server to recall a previous request or previous registration, or to keep track of a transaction as it progresses, so that information does not have to be repeated. To be notified when you are about to receive a cookie you can configure your browser to alert you when a site is attempting to send you a cookie and at that time you will have the option of refusing the cookie. You can check your hard drive for cookie files, on the "cookies.txt" file on your PC's hard drive; or under "magic cookies" on a Macintosh.

CMP Entertainment Media is committed to safeguarding customer privacy on all CMP Entertainment Media websites. We require our employees to protect the privacy of information about our customers and expect our partners and suppliers to do so as well. You can feel confident that your individually identifiable information will be protected when you access our webpages or order services from us over the Internet. We employ security measures to safeguard your transactions with us.

The CMP Entertainment Media websites may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites.

To improve the services it can offer you, CMP Entertainment Media may opt to expand its capabilities for obtaining information about users in the future. CMP Entertainment Media will update this privacy statement as needed to ensure that you are aware of developments in this area.
