> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tjx.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606080750id_/http%3A//www.tjx.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice

**Effective Date: October 22, 2009**

### Tjx.com Website Privacy Notice 

The TJX Companies, Inc. (“TJX”) respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you. This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect on tjx.com, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it. Our Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information. We also tell you how you can update your employment profile information or get answers to questions you may have about our online privacy practices. 

Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:

>   * Information We Collect
>   * Information We Share
>   * Links to Other Sites
>   * How We Protect Personal Information
>   * Your Choices
>   * Updates to Our Privacy Notice
>   * How to Contact Us
> 


#### Information We Collect 

  


#### _Information You Provide Directly To Us_

You may choose to provide personal information directly to us on this website. Here are the ways you may provide the information and the types of information you may submit. We also tell you how we may use the information. 

> _Request Current Investor Information Online_

> If you would like to request current investor information online, we ask you for information such as your name, telephone number, postal address and e-mail address so we can provide you with the requested information.

> _Careers_

> If you would like to apply online for a job at TJX or create an online profile for employment purposes, we ask you for your name, home telephone number, cell phone number, postal address and e-mail address, as well as your resume. We may use this information to review or process your application and profile and communicate with you regarding the status of the open position or potential employment. 

> _Send a TJX Job Listing to a Friend_

> If you would like to send a job listing that you found on tjx.com to a friend, we ask you to provide your friend’s e-mail address as well as your name and e-mail address. We use this information to forward the job listing to your friend.

> _Apply for Funding from The TJX Foundation_

> Certain qualified nonprofit organizations may apply for program funding from The TJX Foundation on tjx.com. As part of the review process, an eligibility questionnaire and an application is requested which includes your organization’s name, postal address, e-mail address, and taxpayer identification number, as well as the name and contact information for the organization’s executive director, application preparer and private grants specialist. We use this information to review and/or process funding requests.

#### _Information We Collect By Automated Means_

When you view our website, we may place a “session cookie” on your computer. Session cookies are used to facilitate administration of the website during your visit. Session cookies are stored in your computer’s temporary memory and collect session identification information. The session cookie is not retained after you close your browser. 

We also use a web analytics service that uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the site. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer’s hard drive when you visit certain websites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be disclosed to the service provider we engage for this purpose, and used to evaluate your use of the website. 

#### Information We Share

We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about our website visitors, except as described in this notice. If you apply on this website for a job at TJX, the personal information you provide will be directed to relevant TJX businesses for purposes of processing your application and communicating with you regarding the status of your application. We may share personal information we collect on this website with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity. 

We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use information you have provided through this website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice. 

#### Links to Other Sites

We may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from tjx.com. These sites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. To the extent any linked websites you visit are unrelated to TJX, we are not responsible for their content, any use of the sites, or the privacy or security practices of such sites. 

#### How We Protect Personal Information

We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on this website. 

#### Your Choices

If you would like to update your employment profile, you may do so by logging in to your account. 

#### Updates to Our Privacy Notice

This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our online information practices relating to this site. We will post a prominent notice on the site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Notice and indicate when it was most recently updated. 

#### How to Contact Us

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, please contact us by writing to us at the following address:

The TJX Companies, Inc.  
770 Cochituate Road  
Framingham, MA 01701  
Attn: Customer Service - Privacy Notice 
