> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the handbag.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160306061227id_/http%3A//handbag.com/privacy_policy.js) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 


    (function() {
      $('#privacy-policy').html('<p>We will treat all your Personal Information as confidential (although we reserve the right to disclose this information in the circumstances set out below). We will keep it on a secure server and we will fully comply with all applicable EU Data Protection and consumer legislation from time to time in place.</p> <p>When you shop on the Service, we will ask you to input and will collect Personal Information from you such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, delivery address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information and a password. We may also collect, and our third party providers of advertisements and content may collect, information about where you are on the internet (eg the URL you came from, IP address, domain types like .no and .com), your browser type, the country and telephone area code where your computer is located, the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit, the advertisements you clicked on, and any search terms that you entered on our website ("User Information"). We may collect this information even if you do not register with us.</p> <p>We confirm that any Personal Information which you provide to us (or which is available on public registers) and any User Information from which we can identify you, is held in accordance with the relevant EU Data Protection laws. We use your information only for the following purposes:</p> <p>Processing your orders;</p> <p>For statistical or survey purposes to improve the Service;</p> <p>To serve content and advertisements to you;</p> <p>To administer the Service;</p> <p>If you consent, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you.</p> <p>You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for any of the above purposes whether by telephone, e-mail or in writing and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights.</p> <p>Your Personal Information may be disclosed to other businesses and to reputable third parties who will help process your order. We require all such third parties to treat your personal information as fully confidential and to fully comply with all applicable EU Data Protection and consumer legislation from time to time in place. We will not release your Personal Information to any company for mailing or marketing purposes.</p> <p>You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your Personal Information and /or User Information, we are entitled do so.</p> <p>We use Cookies to keep track of your current shopping session to personalize your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping basket at any time - if you do not accept Cookies you will be unable to use the Service for shopping purposes, only for browsing and research. </p> <p>Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.</p> <p>Questions regarding this Policy should be directed as follows: <a href="mailto:support@nowshop.com">support@nowshop.com</a>.</p>').prop('title', "Privacy Policy");
    
      NowShop.popup($('#privacy-policy')).open();
    
      false;
    
    }).call(this);
    
