> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hantrainerpro.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121102746id_/http%3A//www.hantrainerpro.de/shop/privacypolicy.php%3Flanguage%3Den) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Han Trainer - Privacy policy

Principles

The operator of the websites hantrainerpro.de, hantrainer.de, hantrainerpro.com , dnry.ch , dictionary.li and lernechinesisch.de takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection provisions and this Privacy Policy .

Collection of data

We collect, process and use personal data only insofar as they are necessary for the establishment, content or change of a legal relationship (inventory data).  
We collect, process and use personal data about the use of our websites (usage data) only to the extent necessary to allow the user to use or our services or to allow us to charge them correctly.

Transmission of data

We may transfer personal data to third parties only if this is necessary in the context of contract, for example to companies entrusted with the delivery of the product or the company responsible for processing payments.  
No further transfer of data will be made except if you have expressly consented to it. No personal information will be disclosed to third parties (e.g. for advertising purposes) without your express consent.

Data processing on this website

We automatically collect and store information in log files which your browser transmits to us automatically. These are:  
• Browser type / version of browser  
• Operating system used  
• Referrer URL  
• Host name of the accessing computer  
• Time of the server inquiry  
This data cannot be traced to specific individuals. It will also not be compiled or linked with other data.

cookies

The websites make use of so-called cookies. These are used to make our service more user friendly, effective and safe. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are "session cookies". They are automatically deleted after your visit. Cookies will not harm your computer and do not contain viruses.

Privacy Statement for using Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google").  
Google Analytics uses "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. In the case of activation of the IP anonymization on this website, your IP address will be truncated within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the complete IP address transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other with website and internet related services to the website operator.  
The transmission of your IP address by your browser, which is a part on Google Analytics, is not associated with any other data held by Google.  
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that in this case you might not be able to use all features of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent the data generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address ) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the this link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en

Privacy Statement for using Google Adsense

This website uses Google AdSense, a service for including advertisements from Google Inc. ("Google"). Google AdSense uses "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer, in order to allow an analyzation the use of the site. Google AdSense uses so called web beacons (invisible images). Through these web beacons, information such as the visitor traffic may be evaluated on these sites.  
The information generated by cookies and web beacons on this website ( including your IP address) and delivery of advertising formats are transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. This information can be passed from Google to contractors of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by you.  
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your web browser, but we point out that you may not be able to use all features of this website in this case. By using this site, you agree to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described above and for the aforementioned purpose.

Newsletter

If you would like to receive the newsletter offered on the website, we require your e-mail address and information that allow us verify that you are indeed the owner of that e-mail address. No other data will be collected. You can revoke your consent to the storage of data and e-mail address and to using it to send you the newsletter at any time.

Rights of access, cancellation, suspension

You always have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and destination and the purpose of data processing, as well as a right to rectification, blocking or erasure of data.  
Regarding this and other issues relating to personal information, you may contact us at any time at the following e -mail address:  
info @ hantrainerpro.de

* * *
