> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eroticax.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160307130837id_/http%3A//www.eroticax.com/en/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Erotica X

**Last revised on 22 July 2015**

Gamma Entertainment Inc. is the service provider of eroticax and shall be known as "We", "Us" and "Our". We understand that the privacy of eroticax Users is very important. During the navigation of the website and the registration process Users may provide personal identifiable information about themselves, therefore We have developed this policy to protect User privacy while they enjoy eroticax.

Only adults who are at least 18 years old (21 years old in some jurisdictions) may navigate, purchase a membership or use eroticax. All other persons under this age must leave the site immediately.

**What is collected**  
By navigating the site, signing up or communicating with the Our [Customer Service](http://support.openlife.com/) department We collect personal information provided such as name, email, zip and Approved Facility (payment) details. We may also send you a cookie which collects some information about your use of eroticax. When Users visit and surf the site, anonymous demographic information may also be collected such as browser information and IP address. If Users choose to post information, messages or comments in public areas on eroticax then any information about the User will be kept on eroticax. Lastly, if Users send personal correspondence via email, ticket or chat such information will be maintained as a record of correspondence.

The collection of this information allows us to process your requests, provide eroticax in the best format for your computer or device and provide targeted information.

**Cookies**  
Cookies are pieces of information generated by web servers and stored on the computer or device used to access and surf websites for future access. eroticax uses cookies which are essential to the operation of the site in order for Users to view the content. Other cookies that may be used include analytical cookies which monitor the performance of eroticax and help Us provide better products or identify areas that need maintenance. Tracking cookies are used in relation to those who help promote eroticax. Functional cookies are helpful to record User preferences when returning to eroticax; for example, they are used to remember the scenes or photos stored in a favorites' folder or the preferred language to use when navigating eroticax. Finally, advertising cookies or third party cookies may be used to provide specific advertising to Users which We believe are relevant to User interests. Please note that We cannot control cookies placed on your computer or device by third party advertisers.

**How to control cookies**  
Users are not obligated to accept cookies and browsers can be modified to refuse cookies. Users may also delete cookies. If all cookies are refused, many websites may not function properly, including Ours. It is possible to modify browser settings to only accept cookies with consent before each cookie is placed on the computer or device used. This provides more control over what is placed on the computer or device, however it may slow down the web experience.

Assistance in managing cookies may be found through the following browser links, choose a corresponding browser from the list and follow the instructions

  * [Internet Explorer](http://windows.microsoft.com/en-CA/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies)
  * [Google Chrome](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en)
  * [Safari](https://support.apple.com/kb/PH19214?locale=en_US)
  * [Firefox](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=Enabling+and+disabling+cookies)
  * [Opera](http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/)



Please remember that disabling or refusing cookies may lead to many services on eroticax being unavailable

**Web Beacons**  
In order to effectively deliver email communications and perform website analysis We may use web beacons. Web beacons are electronic files that count the Users who access eroticax or a specific page and can help Us identify if a cookie has been activated. Web beacons also allow Us to confirm that an email message was successfully delivered and read. It is not possible to decline web beacons however if by refusing cookies this can also prevent web beacons from being used.

**Consent**  
Users should enjoy the full experience of eroticax. By signing up with personal information or by the continued use and browsing of eroticax Users are consenting to Our processing of personal information, communication with and analysis of the information provided by Users.

**Security**  
We take reasonable precautions against external threats to maintain security of any information obtained from and about Users, and to protect against the loss, misuse and alterations of information under Our control. Our third party payment processors provide Users with a secure web page through which billing information is submitted when purchasing a membership.All personally identifiable information held by Us is stored in a secure location (behind a firewall with limited administrative access).

User login information must be protected by the User. We advise all Users NOT to share username or password details with anyone. It is the User's responsibility to keep password information confidential. A User's account may be deactivated for abuse if We assess that a User's login details have been used by someone other than the registered User to eroticax.

**How User information is used**  
We use personal information to process payments for Users, communicate receipts, troubleshoot problems, resolve disputes, enforce any agreements or policies, and to facilitate viewing of eroticax.We may use the information collected to improve marketing, analyse site usage, improve content offerings, customize site layout and provide information about eroticax to its Users.

We are constantly striving to deliver the best to Users and We may use the information collected to deliver information targeted to User interests. Such information may be shared or licensed to Our partners, affiliated or unaffiliated third party web service providers who display banners or links on eroticax. We encourage Users to read their policies, terms and conditions as they are not the same as Ours.

We may use the Users and former Users' email addresses to communicate new services, subscription information and special offers from Our partners, third parties or eroticax. When Users and former Users are presented with special offers from Us, our partners or third parties they may include consent to receive email solicitations, communications, newsletters, commercial advertising and other promotional or special event materials. All emails from Us include simple instructions on how to unsubscribe and this may be done at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email, by visiting <http://www.td3x.com/> or by contacting Our [Customer Service](http://support.openlife.com/). Users may NOT opt out of receiving emails regarding account details such as responses to questions or membership purchase receipts.

**Sharing information with third parties**  
We may disclose personal information collected if required by law, court order or other governmental authority or when We believe in good faith that disclosing this information is otherwise necessary or advisable, including to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with the rights or property of eroticax or Us.

In the event of a change of ownership (merger, acquisition, sale of assets) We reserve the right to transfer all User information collected in connection with eroticax to such separate entity.

**Legal**  
Personal information collected on and/or through eroticax is stored and processed in Canada. By using eroticax Users consent to any transfer of such information outside the country in which they reside or access eroticax and to be bound by the laws of Canada.

This policy does not apply to any linked websites to eroticax. Please consult the privacy policy, terms and conditions of the website to which redirection may occur if clicking on any banner or advertisement.

By using/navigating eroticax Users acknowledge they have read, understood and agree to be bound by this privacy policy and the terms and conditions of eroticax. Headings are for ease of reference only.

Feel free to contact Us at Gamma Entertainment, 3300 Boulevard Cote Vertu, Suite 406, Montreal, QC, H4R 2B7, Canada. [**support@openlife.com**](mailto:support@openlife.com) , online chat or by telephone at 1-877-711-7334. Any questions regarding credit card or other billing matters, please feel free to contact Chargepay B.V. at chargepay.net 
