> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the erovie.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209222034id_/http%3A//www.erovie.com/info/data-protection.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | erovie

Last updated: September 30, 2013

Interdate LLC has created this Privacy Policy to show our commitment to your privacy. This Privacy Policy contains our policies and practices with respect to gathering and using information you provide. This Privacy Policy only applies to users of our US Websites. For additional information about Interdate LLC and our services, please review our [General Terms and Conditions of Use](https://web.archive.org/info/general-terms-conditions.html) (the “Terms”). This policy is a part of the Terms and is incorporated into the Terms by reference. By accepting the Terms, you also express your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Section 4 below). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.

Capitalized terms used, but not defined in this policy have the meaning set forth in the Terms. When used in this Privacy Policy, the terms “Interdate” or “we” include Interdate LLC, OPG Online Personals Group AG, a Swiss company, and all of its subsidiaries and affiliates; however, the inclusion of these persons in the definition of the terms “Interdate” and “we” is not intended to create a contract or other relationship between you and any of these persons. Your contractual relationship is solely with Interdate LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and, except to the extent set forth below, this Privacy Policy is only Interdate LLC’s policy.

**1** In order to provide its services, Interdate must collect certain personally identifiable information and data from you (the “Personal Data”). Personal Data includes, but is not limited to, information such as age, gender, zip code, telephone number, e-mail addresses, and evaluation results of the answers to the questionnaire, and personal statements and pictures you post on our Website. Personal Data may be collected, stored, processed, and used by Interdate for the purpose of providing its services.

**2** Interdate treats all of your Personal Data with the utmost care for your privacy and security. Interdate does not sell, trade, or otherwise disclose customer lists or Personal Data to unaffiliated third parties without your permission. However, for purposes of providing its services to you, Interdate may store your Personal Data on servers of third parties or disclose your Personal Data to third parties who provide products or services to you or us (e.g. our credit card processing company or third party vendors accessible through our Website). These third parties are not permitted to use your personal information for any purpose unrelated to providing their products or services to you or us.

**3** In the event that Interdate is acquired or substantially all of its assets are transferred as part of a sale of the company or its parent or otherwise, your Personal Data could be transferred to a third party. By accepting the Terms, you have expressed your consent to such a transfer of your Personal Data. Further, in the event we make a material change in the way we collect Personal Data, use Personal Data, or change our e-mail policies, we will notify you in accordance with Section 4 below.

**4** It is our policy to notify you by sending notice to your mailbox in your account if we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.

**5** **Use of the Website is reserved for persons who are 13 years of age or older. Use of the Website by persons under the age of 13 is prohibited.** Interdate complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and all other laws and regulations pertaining to the business of Interdate. Even though COPPA only applies to children under the age of 13 and the Website is for persons who are over 18, in order to fully comply with the provisions of COPPA, Interdate hereby states affirmatively that (a) the Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age; (b) no one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website, and (c) Interdate does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features, do not register on the Website, do not make any purchases through the Website, do not use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to Interdate, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child fewer than 13, please contact us at:service@erovie.com.

**6** Your personal user settings that you enter when signing up for and using the Interdate services are also stored. This is to ensure that in another visit when you return to the Website you will find your personal settings. In order to assure this functionality, Interdate may use small bits of data called “cookies.” A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website. Cookies are used to deliver content and information that is specific to your interests and for the administration of passwords and other settings. Interdate may also use cookies to ensure that you will see advertisements and product offers customized for your particular preferences and interests. Cookies are not linked to Personal Data. Rather, they enable Interdate to call up and display your specific information and content when you return to our Website.

**7** Your personal user settings that you enter when signing up for and using the Interdate services are also stored. This is to ensure that in another visit when you return to the Website you will find your personal settings. In order to assure this functionality, Interdate may use small bits of data called “cookies.” A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website. Cookies are used to deliver content and information that is specific to your interests and for the administration of passwords and other settings. Interdate may also use cookies to ensure that you will see advertisements and product offers customized for your particular preferences and interests. Cookies are not linked to Personal Data. Rather, they enable Interdate to call up and display your specific information and content when you return to our Website.

**8** We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.

**9** _Partner sites:_ If our service is incorporated into an advertising partner’s website, this partner may also use cookies. We have no control over and are not responsible for the practices of such partners or over the content of their websites, nor do we control their data collection and privacy policies. We therefore recommend that you inform yourself of the data protection and privacy policies of such partners for your own protection and security. The same applies if you leave our website to visit the website of an advertising partner.

**10** **Disclosure of Your Information:** We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.

**11** We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:

  * To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
  * To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
  * To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Interdate's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Interdate about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
  * To third parties that market their products or services to you if you have consented to these disclosures.
  * To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
  * For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
  * With your consent.



We may also disclose your personal information:

  * To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
  * To enforce or apply our Terms and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
  * If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Interdate, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction and preventing resp. opposing misuse of the service



**12** **Your California Privacy Rights:** California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to service@erovie.com. 

**13** Interdate may transmit data on an anonymous basis to other vendors or service providers in connection with the products or services provided by them to you or us for conducting research or analysis related to their products or services. If you wish to object to the transmission of anonymous data to these vendors or service providers, send an e-mail to service@erovie.com stating your user name and full name and the purpose of your objection.

**14** Interdate will at any time upon request provide you with full and free information on the stored data files that are related to your account on the Website.

**15** We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.

**16** The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you or where you have chosen a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.

**17** Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.

**18** To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: service@erovie.com.
