> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the qgiv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180810004332id_/https%3A//www.qgiv.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Collecting Recurring Donations | Privacy Policy | Qgiv

Qgiv is a service provider that works with organizations to facilitate and manage their fundraising and interactions with donors. This can include online giving forms, events and in-person fundraising. During the course of this service, we routinely collect and receive data from donors and constituents, as well as the organizations themselves. This data is governed by this policy.

## Scope of this Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 23, 2018 and covers Qgiv Inc.'s, (hereafter "Qgiv") treatment of personally identifiable information collected from Organizations and consumers who may donate to Organizations (hereafter "Users") who use the Qgiv Services, as well as information that we acquire in the course of our business. This policy also covers the treatment of personally identifiable information that Qgiv's business partners may share with it. Any capitalized terms not here, have the meaning as specified in our Terms of Use accessible at [**https://www.qgiv.com/terms-of-service**](https://www.qgiv.com/terms-of-service).

Qgiv does not request or knowingly collect personally identifiable contact information from anyone under the age of 13 without parental consent and does not knowingly offer services to children. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies or websites that Qgiv does not own or control, or to people that Qgiv does not employ or manage.

## Information Collection and Use of Organizations and Their Employees That We Work With

Qgiv collects personally identifiable information when you register for a Qgiv account, and when you use certain Qgiv products and services. Qgiv may also receive personally identifiable information from its resellers and other business partners. When you register with Qgiv, we ask for your contact information (such as your name, street address and e-mail address), as well as certain information pertaining to your business, along with billing information such as a bank account. We may also collect information in fulfillment of a merchant account or ach gateway account, including drivers license number, social security number, and/or federal tax id number. We may also send announcements, newsletters, and periodic notices about specials, new products and services and products and services offered by Qgiv business partners. Personally identifiable consumer information is used to process payment transactions and for no other purpose. 

## Information Collection and Use of Organization Constituents and Donors

In the course of processing a transaction from an Organization’s donor or constituent, we typically receive information related to the transaction as requested by the Organization or required by us. This normally includes information about the payment that a consumer has furnished the Organization in placing the order. The personally identifiable information may include, for example, the amount of the transaction, the consumer's name, email, credit card number and expiration date, checking account number and billing address. Unless utilized in recurring billing or requested by the User to store for future use, no credit card or checking account numbers are permanently stored on Qgiv's servers and are deleted immediately upon removal from a recurring billing option or at the request of the User.

## Information Collection and Use of Website Visitors

Cookies are pieces of data that a Web site transfers to a user's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Web beacons are transparent pixel images that are used in collecting information about website usage, e-mail response and tracking. Our site uses cookies and web beacons to provide enhanced functionality on the site (e.g., user ID and password prompts) and aggregate traffic data (e.g., what pages are the most popular). These cookies may be delivered in a first-party or third-party context. Qgiv may also use cookies and web beacons in association with e-mails delivered by Qgiv. Our website also captures limited information (user-agent, HTTP referrer, last URL requested by the user, client-side and server-side clickstream) about visits to our website; we may use this information to analyze general traffic patterns and to perform routine system maintenance. You have many choices with regards to the management of cookies on your computer and all major browsers allow for the blocking or deletion cookies from your system. To learn more about your ability to manage cookies and web beacons, please consult the privacy features in your browser.

Qgiv also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, and the information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purposes of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

Qgiv also uses a marketing database and CRM management program that deploys a cookie when a user interacts with a marketing communication, such as a marketing email or a marketing-based landing page on our website. This cookie collects personal information such as your name, which pages you visit on the Qgiv website, your history arriving at the website, your content requests from Qgiv and the like. We use this information to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. You may set your browser to block these cookies. At your request, we may provide content and information as part of best practices, newsletters and electronic communications. We may also provide additional content based on your usage of the website and interactions with us. You may opt out from these communications at any time by clicking an unsubscribe link, or by contact us at [**info@qgiv.com**](mailto:info@qgiv.com). 

## Information Sharing and Disclosure

Protecting personally identifiable information about Organizations and Users is an important part of our business. We share and disclose such information only as described below. Qgiv sends personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people: 1) when we have your consent to share the information; 2) when we need to share your information with third parties, such as banks, credit card processors and Organizations, to provide the product or service you have requested; 3) in connection with products and services offered by Qgiv business partners and/or companies who work on behalf of Qgiv to provide the Qgiv service to you; 4) it is appropriate to comply with law; 5) it is necessary to enforce or apply the terms and conditions of our Terms of Service and other applicable agreements; or 6) it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Qgiv, our users, or others, which may include the exchange of information with other organizations for fraud protection and/or risk reduction. In the event that Qgiv is acquired, information may be one of the transferred assets, but we do not sell or provide information to third parties as part of our normal course of business.

## Information Security

Information security is critical to our business. We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information. The information gathered on secure computers is stored in secure data center. The number of employees involved in the management of the data center that have physical access to these computers is limited. We use firewalls and other security technology, as well as implement the highest industry standard security practices, to prevent our computers from being accessed by unauthorized persons. We also require that any personally identifiable consumer information sent to us by you be encrypted using SSL encryption. Qgiv currently adheres to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards and undergoes annual third party reviews and quarterly network scans to ensure compliance. These standards were developed by the major credit card companies to mitigate potential attacks and compromises. For more information on Qgiv and PCI compliance, please contact info@qgiv.com. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your login ID/password, other sensitive account data and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer and otherwise safeguard the password used to access the Qgiv services.

## Information Requests and Deletion

We are committed to transparency of what personal information we have collected. If you would like to review your personal information Qgiv stores, please contact [**info@qgiv.com**](mailto:info@qgiv.com) or 888-855-9595 and we will be happy to provide you with this information after verification that you are the person whose information you have requested. At your request, we will delete the personal information stored within our systems.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

Qgiv reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. If there are material changes to this statement or in how Qgiv will use personally identifiable information, Qgiv will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. If you have additional questions about this Policy, please contact [**info@qgiv.com**](mailto:info@qgiv.com).
