> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kidzui.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231205515id_/http%3A//www.kidzui.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# KidZui Privacy Policy

Effective January 5, 2011

Information gathered by KidZui - This is KidZui’s online privacy Policy This Policy applies only to activities KidZui.com engages in on its website and does not apply to KidZui activities that are “offline” or unrelated to the website (such as the KidZui browser).

KidZui.com collects certain anonymous data regarding the usage of the website. This information does not personally identify users, by itself or in combination with other information, and is gathered to improve the performance of the website. The anonymous data collected by the KidZui.com website can include information such as the type of browser you are using, your IP address and the length of the visit to the website.

When you sign up for KidZui, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address and an account password). For certain services, we also request credit card or other payment account information, which we maintain in encrypted form on secure servers. This information can be gathered when feedback or e-mails are sent to KidZui, when you register for services, or make purchases via the website. In all such cases you have the option of providing us with personally identifiable information.

Cookies - When you visit KidZui.com, we send one or more cookies - a small file containing a string of characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences such as passwords, eliminating the need to constantly reenter data. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.

Cookies are small bits of data that are deposited on a user’s hard drive. Cookies permit users to store their password and other user information without having to constantly re-enter this data.

Use and disclosure of information - KidZui does not sell personally identifiable information, such as your name or e-mail address to advertisers. However, non-personal “aggregated data” may be used to enhance the operation of our website, or analyze interest in the areas of our website. Moreover, we may in some circumstances disclose personally identifiable information to third parties but not advertisers to enhance your experience on our website. Additionally, if you provide KidZui.com with content for publishing or feedback, we may publish your user name or other identifying data.

KidZui may disclose personally identifiable information in order to respond to a subpoena, court order or other such request. KidZui may also provide such personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request or as otherwise required by law. Your personally identifiable information may be provided to a third party if KidZui files for bankruptcy, or there is a transfer of the assets or ownership of KidZui in connection with proposed or consummated corporate reorganizations, such as mergers or acquisitions.

Except as otherwise stated in this Policy, we do not sell, trade or rent your personally identifiable information collected on the site to others. The information collected by our site is used to process orders, to keep you informed about your order status, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you, and for statistical purposes for improving our site. We will disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties for tracking purposes, to charge your credit card (or process your check or money order, as appropriate), fill your order, improve the functionality of our site, perform statistical and data analyses, deliver your order and deliver promotional emails to you from us. For example, we must release your credit card number to confirm payment; and release your mailing address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered. Moreover, KidZui uses Wells Fargo and Cybersource to process and accept orders and payments. Please review their respective policies if you have questions.

Other Websites - KidZui is not responsible for the privacy policies of websites to which it links. If you provide any information to such third parties different rules regarding the collection and use of your personal information may apply. We strongly suggest you review such third party’s privacy policies before providing any data to them. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that our sites may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those Web sites linked to our site is not covered by this Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies or clear GIFs to users, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information. Additionally, other companies which place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies or clear GIFs. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these entities directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.

Security - KidZui takes appropriate steps to ensure data privacy and security including through various hardware and software methodologies. However, KidZui cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed online.

Children - KidZui does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. KidZui requests that children under the age of 13 not submit any personal information to the KidZui.com website. Since information regarding children under the age of 13 is not collected, KidZui does not knowingly distribute personal information regarding children under the age of 13. For more information, please see the [Children’s Privacy Policy.](http://www.coppa.org/comply.htm)

Corrections and updates - If you wish to modify or update any information KidZui.com has received, please contact [support@kidzui.com.](mailto:support@kidzui.com)

Modifications of the privacy policy - KidZui reserves the rights to modify its privacy policy at any time and will notify you by posting an amendment to the privacy policy on the website. Such modifications will become effective on the day they are posted. KidZui encourages you to frequently review the privacy policy for any modifications.

Questions? - If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Policy, please feel free to contact us any time.

## KidZui Children's Privacy Policy

### Types of Information Collected by KidZui

Information gathered by KidZui - Children can visit the KidZui.com site without any personally identifiable information being collected from them. However, if they download and use the KidZui browser, some personally identifiable information must be collected from children, but no personally identifiable information is collected by the application until you provide your consent, as set forth below.

At registration, KidZui collects a screen name, gender, date of birth and first name from your child, as well as a parent or guardian’s email address. KidZui also gathers usage data regarding your child’s Internet activity via the KidZui browser, including what web pages they visit or share, what pictures and videos they view or share, searches (and results of such searches), content they rate, tag and select as their favorites, as well as time spent online including time online, number of sessions per day, date, etc. KidZui believes in not collecting more personally identifiable information from children than is necessary to use its services. In addition, users should be aware that sites that are targeted to children 12 or under are prohibited by law from collecting more information than they need.

As a parent, you may request at any time that the information collected about your child be removed from the KidZui database. In addition, the service itself permits you to monitor and review information regarding your child, including your child’s Internet activity, what web pages they visit, what pictures and videos they view, rate or share, as well as time spent online, searches and search results, their friends and categories visited. If you are a parent and wish to deactivate your KidZui account, please send an email message to [support@kidzui.com](mailto:support@kidzui.com) from your registered email account, requesting that the account be cancelled. When we receive your cancellation request, we will permanently delete all information associated with your account. 

Use and disclosure of children’s personally identifiable information – No personally identifiable information from users 12 or under is used for any promotional or marketing purposes whatsoever inside or outside KidZui.com. We ask for your child’s date of birth to validate their age. We track what all children of the same age look at and enjoy online to tailor and improve our services, without sharing personally-identifiable information about any individual child. We do not share personally identifiable information from users 12 or under with any third party. However, when your child visits other websites using the KidZui browser, their information may be collected by third parties in the manner identified on those websites, and their practices may be different from ours. You should review these websites’ privacy policies to ensure you are aware of their privacy practices because KidZui.com is not responsible for these websites’ information practices.

Notification to parents - At the time a child 12 or under registers with KidZui.com and downloads the KidZui browser, an email is sent to the child’s parent or guardian. We require parents to give express permission before we will permit their child to use any feature on KidZui.com where personally identifiable information can be made public to the Internet and shared with other users.

You can refuse any registrations that your children make in order to use any feature on KidZui.com and the KidZui browser where personally identifiable information can be made public to the Internet and shared with other users. If KidZui does not hear back from you, we will assume you have not consented to your child being registered with us and we will delete all information we have received from your child, within a reasonable time. Once a child is registered, he or she will be permitted to use any future registration-based features and parents are not notified again. In these circumstances, we use the information collected only to permit children to use the functions of KidZui.com and the KidZui browser, and not for any other purpose.

Security - KidZui understands the importance of protecting the personally identifiable information associated with our users. KidZui takes a variety of security steps to protect all users’ information, including administrative, technical and contractual steps. When credit card information is provided we use secure socket layer (SSL) encryption to protect it. Users should also take steps to protect their security including never giving out their password. Parents should never provide their parent login password to their child.

Parent access to information - Parents can review information that has been collected about children who are 12 or under in the following 2 methods:

  1. Parents can review their child’s personally identifiable information by logging into the parental account that is created once the registration is approved by going to http://www.KidZui.com. You will need to have your e-mail address that you used to sign-up and the password you selected at sign-up.
  2. You can also contact KidZui Customer Support to view the information that has been collected from or about your child by sending an email to [support@kidzui.com.](mailto:support@kidzui.com) You will need to have your parent login information (e-mail address) as well as your child’s user name and password to enable us to answer your questions. 



Zuigames Copyright - We believe we have taken the necessary steps to obtain licensing for all the games posted. If you believe that your copyrightable work is being displayed on this site and is violating copyright regulations – please advise us immediately at [support@kidzui.com](mailto:support@kidzui.com) and the game will be immediately removed. 

Modifications to this policy - If KidZui makes modifications or changes to this privacy policy, we will post an amendment to the privacy policy on the website.

Questions? - If you have any other questions or require any additional assistance please send an email to [support@kidzui.com](mailto:support@kidzui.com) , or write us at KidZui, Inc., attention CFO, 4660 La Jolla Village Drive, Suite 850, San Diego, CA 92122. 

Effective: January 5, 2011.
