> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the seadiscovery.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191209185014id_/https%3A//www.marinetechnologynews.com/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Marine Technology News Privacy

### **Introduction**

MarineTechnologyNews.com takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. You may use many of our services without disclosing your personal data. 

MarineTechnologyNews.com, _Marine Technology Reporter_ and the associated publications, newsletters, news alerts, and other features are news products of either New Wave Media Int’l and/or World News International (hereafter referred to as MarineTechnologyNews, “we” or “the company”). 

Your use of our products to which this policy is linked (including but not limited to our written publications, e-mails, newsletters, web sites, events and conferences, video, podcasts, mobile and digital applications and social media) indicates to us that you have read and accepted our privacy policy and terms and conditions.

**

### Data collected through our website:

** We will only collect personally identifiable data that you provide to us.  We do not sell any data to any third parties.

 When you subscribe, register, participate in webinars, use online or mobile applications, participate in social networking, or enter contests or surveys, we collect and store personally identifiable information from you that may include your name, postal and e-mail addresses, general facts about your profession, company and responsibilities and information regarding your computer system.

Information collected about you may be used by us, our affiliate companies and auditing bureau to provide you with e-mail notifications about services and products, for audits, and to inform advertisers as to how many users have seen or "clicked" their advertising banners.

MarineTechnologyNews and its affiliated products are not intended for use by children, especially those under age 16. The company does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16.

**

### Site Usage and Usage of Cookies:

** When you visit MarineTechnologyNews.com, your internet browser automatically transmits data to our server when accessing our website for technical reasons. These include, but are not limited to, the date and time of access, IP address, Internet Service Provider, browser type and version, URL of the referring web site, and websites accessed. This data is stored separately from other data that you may enter during the use of our website. It is not possible for us to assign this data to a specific person.

The company uses Google Analytics to help us understand how our readers use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is stored by Google on servers in the United States. You can prevent the installation of the cookie for Google Analytics by setting your browsers.

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.

Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.

You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

 **

### Links to other websites:

** Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. This Privacy Statement applies only to our website and its subpages. If you leave our website via a link, we recommend reading the privacy policy of each website carefully.

 **

### Security:

** We take all reasonable, commercial precautions to protect all information from loss, destruction, tampering, and unauthorized access.  However, keep in mind that no method of protection over the internet is ever 100% secure or error free, and therefore we ask you to take this into account when using this website.

**

### Agreement and Changes to this Privacy Policy:

** The use or continued use of MarineTechnologyNews.com and its services signifies that you agree to the terms of this privacy policy. This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically. We will treat your personal information in accordance with the privacy policy in place at the time of collection of such information, or as you otherwise indicate your preferences. We encourage you to check whenever you use our Services to see if the policy has been updated. If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our business.

 **

### Your rights:

** Your data is only used for the purpose intended and will not be sold to any third party.  
You have the right to free information about your stored data. This includes the right to correct, block or delete the data we collect. Please send your request in writing by mail or e-mail to:   
Worldnews International  
Attn: Data Officer  
118 East 25th St., New York, NY 10010 USA  
Email: [dataofficer@marinelink.com](mailto:dataofficer@marinelink.com)  
Please be aware that any emails sent may not be encrypted. 

May 2018
