> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the seahawks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021210084053id_/http%3A//www.seahawks.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This privacy statement is applicable to SeattleSeahawks.com and all its affiliates. 

The Seattle Seahawks'policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our users. 

The Seattle Seahawks and its internet partners (hereafter collectively referred to as “the Seattle Seahawks”) do not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from a contest or sweepstakes registration, the registration process for subscription sites or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., chat), suggestions, voting/polling activities and transactional areas. 

Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from the Seattle Seahawks and/or any third parties. Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, the Seattle Seahawks reserves the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected. 

The Seattle Seahawks may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the Seattle Seahawks' rights or property, other Seattle Seahawks users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. The Seattle Seahawks may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. 

The Seattle Seahawks reserve the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas ofthe site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. The Seattle Seahawks will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. Also, users should be aware that the Seattle Seahawks may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through the Seattle Seahawks site. The Seattle Seahawks are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information. 

Additionally, users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) in the chat areas of the Seattle Seahawks' sites, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user's communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of the Seattle Seahawks. 

Users also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of the Seattle Seahawks' internet servers or through the use of "cookies." Cookies are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a user's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. Users should be aware that the Seattle Seahawks cannot or does not control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for the Seattle Seahawks. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the Seattle Seahawks Site. 

Upon request, the Seattle Seahawks will allow any user to "opt out" of further promotional contacts at any time. Additionally upon request, the Seattle Seahawks will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user's request, the Seattle Seahawks will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions. The foregoing policies are effective as of April. The Seattle Seahawks reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. 

By using this site, you signify your assent to the The Seattle Seahawks Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of The Seattle Seahawks sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. 
