> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the seanjohn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120930094548id_/http%3A//www.seanjohn.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sean John - Privacy Policy

This website is provided and managed by Sean John. Sean John recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of personal and financial information. We have instituted reasonable policies and security measures to protect the information you provide to us. When you register online with Sean John, use our online store, or choose to fill out and submit one of our customer information cards when visiting a Sean John store, you give us your consent to process and use such submitted personal data in accordance with this privacy policy. 

**What Information Sean John Collects**  
Sean John collects personal data from visitors to the website who register their information or who use the online store. We also use cookies (as described below) and track IP addresses so that we can improve our services and enhance your Sean John experience. In addition, Sean John collects some protected personal information (e.g., name, address, telephone number(s), credit card information, email address, etc.) from our customers who submit a customer information card at one of our stores, from our affiliated companies and, on occasion, from unrelated third parties. To serve you better, we may combine information you give us with other information which is publicly available. In addition, if you select you may be redirected to our social media pages, i.e., Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube.  
Sean John does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of thirteen. If you are under thirteen, please ask your parents to register and/or use the online store. 

**How Sean John Uses Information You Provide**  
The data that you choose to provide to us at one of our stores or online, and the data that we may collect, is used by Sean John to keep you informed of our special events or promotions, to register you with our website, to administer our website services, and/or to process any orders you may place online. Otherwise, we may use the information you provide to us only to review our performance and to improve our services to you, or to communicate with you about your order if you have placed an online order.   
Sean John maintains customer data for purposes of customer relationship management, marketing research, analysis and promotion. By either giving the appropriate consent on our web site or by submitting your email address on a customer information card, Sean John will send you, also by email, announcements on products or promotions and invitations to Sean John’s events based on your purchase profile.   
If you provide incomplete or inaccurate data, Sean John may be unable to inform you of specific promotions or events and to provide you with our services. 

**Does Sean John Share Your Information With Others?**  
Sean John does not sell, rent or, except as described below, disclose our client's names, addresses, email addresses or other personal information to any non- Sean John entity or partner. Sean John may share customer information within Sean John and its partner companies, so that you may be informed of other products that may be of interest to you.   
Sean John maintains customer data in our secured electronic Sean John Customer Database which may be accessed by other companies within Sean John throughout the world, by Sean John selected contractors specialized in the management of personal data (e.g. storage of data, mailing, etc.) acting as Sean John's data processors, and by select Sean John partners.   
In order to maintain our website, to manage our database, to distribute e-mails and to provide client communications, Sean John contracts with selected third parties. As necessary, the personal information you provide to us may be processed by these third parties, solely on Sean John’s behalf but we do not authorize any of these service providers to make any other use of your information. Sean John servers are physically located in the U.S. and you are consenting for use of your information in the U.S.  
Sean John does not otherwise disclose your information to third parties, unless we are required to do so by law or in connection with a legal claim or proceeding. If Sean John is acquired by another entity or is merged or consolidated, information about Sean John customers may be made available to the new entity. However, the new entity will agree to protect the confidentiality of your personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy. 

**Security**  
Sean John uses appropriate security measures to protect the information you provide to us. However, while we take reasonable steps to protect this personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, you accept that no Internet data transmission can be guaranteed to be secure from access by unintended recipients and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this breach is due to our negligence. 

**Accuracy and Retention**  
You are entitled to request access to and correction of all personal data you provide us, or to remove your name from the Sean John’s marketing list at any time by contacting our customer service department at (212) 500 2200 or by contacting us at the mailing address listed below. If you are registered with Sean John on our website and would like us to remove you from our marketing list, please notify us by mail. 

**About Cookies**  
Cookies are pieces of information a web site can send to your computer's browser for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies to ascertain which web pages are visited and how often, to make our web site more user friendly, and to give you a better experience when you return to the website. For example, cookies allow us to save your password so you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you do not have to accept them. To disable cookies, you should access the "help" tab on your browser or read the information that came with your browser software. However, your visit to our website will be significantly enhanced if cookies are not disabled. If you do not disable your cookies, you accept our collection and storage of any of your personal information such cookies contain. 

**Acceptance of Privacy Policy and Modifications**  
By accessing and using the Sean John website (including registering on the website or purchasing items through our website), or by submitting a customer information card at a Sean John store, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your information as described in this privacy policy. Sean John reserves the right occasionally to make changes to our privacy policy or practices. We will post the updated policy on our website, and thus we encourage you to review this page from time to time, particularly each time you use our online shop.   
If you are registered with us and would like to delete your registration and personal details from our database, please notify us by mail at the address below. 

**Contact Us**  
If you have any comments or queries regarding our privacy policy or to update, correct or request removal of your personal information from our Customers Database, please write to Sean John, 1710 Broadway, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10019.
