> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the searchtherightwords.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140414232510id_/http%3A//searchtherightwords.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

**Search the Right Words**

**Privacy Policy  
**

**Blue Inx Srl - Pricavy Policy for Searchtherightwords.com**

**LAST UPDATED: October, 2012**

The purpose of the present document is to describe, in a general way, how the site Searchtherightwords.com (hereinafter the "Site") processes its users' personal data. This document does not include information on how processing is carried out on other websites that users may access through links found on the Site.  
This is a general document to inform you of the criteria for the correct processing of personal data on or through the Site.  
The Site offers users information and materials from third parties in the form of links, banners, splash pages, etc. (“Information”), to assist them in purchasing products and services on other websites where users may be directed: by clicking on this Information users can directly access the websites of third parties where they can purchase the desired products and services. The related processing of personal data on third party sites shall be specifically governed in conformity with the policies that the user will find published directly on the site(s) in question.

Visitors can access the website www.searchtherightwords.com anonymously and without revealing any personal information. The data collected and stored during the ordinary use of the Website are the only data needed to connect to the server.

Searchtherightwords.com for the insertion and management of user comments use Disqus (http://www.disqus.com), a service that allows you to send your comments using your account on Twitter, Facebook, OpenID, Yahoo, Google and Disqus.

With Disqus user-submitted data stay on a server belonging to Disqus, which is located in the United States. The site doesn't enter in any way in possession of the user data when sending comments. For more information related to the protection of privacy by Disqus you can access them at: _http://docs.disqus.com/help/30/_.

**Navigating the site and Cookies**

Cookies are designed to expedite the analysis of Internet traffic and make it easier for users to access services offered by various sites. Cookies are text files that are stored on your computer. With the use of cookies no personal data will be transmitted or acquired.  
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, but this may not allow you to use all the features of this and other Web sites that can be accessed from links on the Site.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc, and Google Adsense that displays targeted Google ads on the site. Google Analytics and Google Adsense use cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

The preferences expressed by you as part of a vote, a poll or another similar initiative, are processed by Blue Inx Srl only in aggregate form and never individual or in user profiling.

By using the Site you signify your acceptance of the Searchtherighwords.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Sites. Blue Inx Srl reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this policy at any time. We encourage visitors to review this policy from time to time. Your continued use of the Searchtherighwords Site following the posting of changes to these terms indicates your acceptance of these changes.

**The Heart Mail  
**

"The Heart Mail" is a service intended to give advices to people about relationship problems.  You can sign in with a nickname. In any case you are not requested to give any personal data to apply to the service. You can leave your email if you want to be alerted when your email answer is visible on the Site. In any case we do not use the e-mai address for direct marketing purposes nor do we compile e-mail addresses to build mailing lists to sell or share with marketers.  
The comments and suggestions given over the Site are independant remarks and any action taken by the reader  will be his / her own responsibility. The Site doesn't take any responsibility of the actions taken by the readers.   
Answering letters is completely on author's discretion.

**E-Cards**

We do not use the e-mail address contained in an E-Card for direct marketing purposes nor do we compile e-mail addresses to build mailing lists to sell to or share with marketers. We do use these addresses only for card delivery and to assist in card pickups.

**Copyright 2012 Searchtherightwords.com All Rights Reserved.**

**Do not duplicate or redistribute in any form**.
