> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the searchfort.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-08-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140809031233id_/http%3A//searchfort.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SearchFort

Last Updated February 6, 2014

This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the SearchFort [end user license agreement](http://searchfort.com/) and is legally binding agreement between you (“you” or “user”) and us. We value your privacy and have designed this Privacy Policy in order to help you decide whether to use the Software and the Services.   
By installing the Software or accessing and using the Services, or providing information to us in other formats, you agree and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time and consent to the collection and use of information in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy carefully and to periodically refer to it so that you understand it and its subsequent changes if any. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE STOP USING THE SERVICES IMMEDIATELY AND WHERE RELEVANT UNINSTALL.   
The definitions in the End User License Agreement apply to this policy unless stated otherwise. IN ADDITION TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE REVIEW OUR END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT, WHICH IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE, TOGETHER WITH SUCH OTHER POLICIES OF WHICH YOU MAY BE NOTIFIED OF BY US FROM TIME TO TIME. **IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES.**

**1\. The information we collect;** We do not know your identity or make any effort to reveal it. The only personally identifiable information we may collect is the information you will voluntarily provide us when you register to any of the Services or send us an email communication. Any use of your personally identifiable information will be made primarily for the purpose for which it was submitted by you.   
We also collect your machine IP address and MAC address which may consider in certain jurisdictions as personally identifiable information. However, we do not connect your machine's IP or MAC address with any information that could reasonably identify you and we do not make any efforts to know your identity.  
We collect anonymous information about your use of the Services that allows us to provide the Services, to constantly improve them, to customize them to your preferences and to ensure their proper function and compatibility with other software or applications installed on your computer. Such anonymous information includes the country in which the Internet service provider that allocated the IP address to your machine is based, the Software version and installation date, your operating system details (type, CPU type, version, language), default search provider, unique user ID that was generated to your machine when you first installed the Software, the status of the Software installation, some of the webpages you have visited, register status and action of the Software and some of the software and/or applications that are already installed on your machine.

**2\. Why do we collect the information;** We collect the aforementioned information in order to provide you with the Services and to constantly improve them. We may also collect some of the information for research and statistical purposes, for enabling us to further develop, customize and improve the Services and further features and components. We may also use your anonymous information to provide you with advertisements we or our partners think you may be interested in.

**3\. How do we collect the information?** We may collect information in several technologies:   
(a) System reports: during the installation and updates processes of the Software your system sends reports to our servers with information about the installation of the Software and relevant information about your system;   
(b) Cookies: we may use cookies and pixel tags while you surf the web to help us better understand your browsing preferences. Please note that you may choose to delete any cookie stored on your browser, however, in such case some of the services or options provided by the Software or Services may be unavailable or nor function properly;   
(c) Log Files;

**4\. How do we process the information?** We process the information in its aggregated form and create statistical and profiling information in order to allow better service and monitor use of the Software.

**5\. With whom we may share your information?** We do not share your personal information with third parties except as specifically consented by you pursuant to this policy or if required by applicable laws or court order.   
We may share aggregated information with third parties, when this is required in order to provide, maintain or improve our Services (such as advertisers, analytics services and other service providers).   
We may also share non-personally identifiable information about you with third party service providers when this is required in order to provide, maintain or improve our services and operation. In some cases, such third party providers will have their own privacy policies and we advise you to read them carefully. Inclusion of a link to third party website or service is not a recommendation of such a website or service. Such third party sites may contain information or service that is illegal, unreasonable or that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. Before using third party sites and services or before making any engagement with them, we recommend you to read and understand those services’ terms and conditions, warranty, and privacy policies and to ensure you agree to their terms. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for any engagement you make with third party sites, services or products, and that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any such third party services. You are knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks of using third party sites when those are available to you via the Services.   
We may also share your information and other information in special cases if we have a good reason to believe that it is necessary to: (1) comply with law, regulation, subpoena or court order; (2) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, violation of our policies or technical issues; (3) enforce the provisions of this Privacy Policy or any other agreements between you and us, including investigation of potential violations thereof; or (4) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of us, its partners, its affiliates, users or the public. 

**6\. Children Information;** The Services are not offered for use by minors and we do not intentionally collect information about minors. If we learn that you are a minor and provided us your personally identifiable information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our databases. We encourage parental monitoring of their children’s online activities. If you are a parent who believes that his minor child used the Services and want his minor child’s information to be deleted, you can contact us at: support@searchfort.com.

**7\. Security & Confidentiality; **We take great efforts and implement industry standards to protect and secure the information we store. Save for our employees and specific contractors who access the information on a ‘need-to-know’ basis and subject to confidentiality obligations, no one has access to the information. The measures and procedures that we employ substantially reduce the risks of data misuse or leakage, however we cannot guarantee that our systems will be absolutely safe. If you become aware of any potential data breach or security vulnerability, you are requested to contact us immediately, and we will take all measures to investigate the incident and take preventive measures, as required.

**8\. Your choices;** We value your privacy and want to provide you control over your personal information. We do not collect personally identifiable information unless you will voluntarily provide it to us, and we will use such information only to address your approach to us. You may notify us that you wish to either review your personal information or delete it, by sending us your request to: support@searchfort.com.   
Further, at all times you can choose not to allow us or any third party to collect personally identifiable information about you. You may also choose not to accept cookies or to remove existing cookies, including cookies associated with our services or third party services by using your browser’s settings. However, you should take into account that many of the services or portion of them may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.

**9\. Changes to this privacy policy;** We may change or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to address new regulation or with accordance to new features or any changes within the Services. In such case we will post notification on the Site. You agree to be bound by any of the changes made in the terms of this policy. Continuing use of the Site or Service will indicate your acceptance of the amended privacy policy. If you do not agree with any of the amended terms, you must avoid any further use of the Services;

**10\. Contact Us;** If you have any questions about our Privacy statement, the practices of it or if you feel your privacy has been violated, you may contact our privacy compliance officer, at: support@searchfort.com.

Definitions   
**Cookies:** A cookie is a small data file that is sent to your browser for record-keeping purposes, so the same website will be able to recognize you when you will be back. We use cookies to save your registration information and to recognize you when you are using the Services. Further, we use session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Services, to better understand how you interact with the Services and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Services. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Services and close your browser. Third party service providers or advertisers may also place cookies on your browser for their own purposes. You can choose any time whether to accept such cookies or not or to delete existing cookies from browser. However, if you delete such cookies, some of the Services may not be available to you.   
**Pixel Tags:** A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website in combination with cookie to enable tracking activity on websites.   
**Log Files:** Log Data is a data that is automatically recorded by our servers when you use the Services. Log Data may include information about your device such as your IP address, browser type, the webpages you visit, the time spent on those pages, access times and dates, unique identifier that was generated for your device (if you use the Services from your mobile device then such identifier may be you mobile number). Such data is used by us in its aggregated form and is not combined with any Personal Information.
