> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 20q.net privacy policy that was archived on 2004-10-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20041009133735id_/http%3A//www.20q.net/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 20Q.net Privacy

| 

## Information Collection and Use

  * 20Q.net collects personal information when you register with 20Q.net and when you visit certain 20Q.net pages. 
  * When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address and location. Once you register with 20Q.net and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. 
  * 20Q.net automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, 20Q.net cookie information and requested page. 
  * 20Q.net uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients. 



## Information Sharing and Disclosure

  * 20Q.net does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances: 
    * We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with 20Q.net under confidentiality agreements. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. 
    * We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. 
    * We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of 20Q.net's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. 
    * We transfer information about you if 20Q.net is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, 20Q.net will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. 
  * 20Q.net displays targeted advertisements based on personal information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click on targeted ads meet the targeting criteria - for example, gender, age range, geographic area or general interests. 
    * 20Q.net does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad. 



## Cookies and other tracking mechanisms

  * 20Q.net may set and access 20Q.net cookies on your computer. Cookies are small bits of information that a Web site can store on your computer and may only be accessed by the Web site that created it. 20Q.net uses cookies to indirectly identify individual visitors while protecting personal information. 
  * 20Q.net lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to 20Q.net's cookies. 
  * 20Q.net uses Web beacons, or single pixel images, to access 20Q.net cookies inside and outside our network of Web sites but only in connection with 20Q.net products and services. 



## Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information

  * You can edit your 20Q.net account information at any time from inside the Twenty Questions game. 
  * We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the 20Q.net service, such as service announcements and administrative messages that are considered part of your 20Q.net account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. Such communications are rare. 
  * You can delete your 20Q.net account by sending a request to **[www@20q.net](mailto:www@20q.net)** , put the word "`DELETE`" in the subject of the message and be sure to include you 20Q.net member ID. 



## Confidentiality and Security

  * We limit access to personal information about you to trusted employees who we believe have reasonable need. 
  * We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you. 
  * Your Account Information, stored by 20Q.net, is encrypted and password protected. 
  * All information transferred between 20Q.net's servers uses encryption to protect privacy. 



## Changes to this Privacy Policy

  * 20Q.net Inc. may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your 20Q.net account or by placing a prominent notice on our site. 



## Questions and Suggestions

Questions and suggestions may be directed to **[www@20q.net](mailto:www@20q.net)** or you may contact us at:  
  
20Q.net Inc.   
Customer Relations  
93 Gilchrist Ave.  
Ottawa, Ontario, Canada  
K1Y 0M9  
| 
