> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wimba.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-08-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070805170755id_/http%3A//wimba.com/about/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Wimba :: About Us : Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

Wimba is committed to protecting your privacy online. We have outlined our policy in this document and implemented it using the World Wide Web Consortium's Privacy Preferences Project, an industry standard that is supported by Netscape Navigator 7 and Microsoft Internet Explorer 6. In using this site, we may track certain aspects of your usage as well as collect personal information from you. This is done using three basic methods: cookies, registration, and Web server logs.

Cookies  
Some functions of this site require the use of cookies, a common Web technology. We use cookies to make your experience easier and customize certain aspects of this site for you. We also use cookies to track certain usage of this site in order to provide you with better service.

Registration  
Registering with Wimba is completely voluntary, however it is required to view demos of our product and signup for our Desktop Lecture Series. When registering with Wimba, you will provide us with certain personal information including your name, email address, organization, address, and phone number. This information may be used to contact you for marketing purposes. By registering you are also subscribing to Wimba's email list. Any mass email communication that you receive from Wimba will always contain an "opt-out" feature. We respect your privacy and will never share your information with any third party.

Web Server Logs  
Wimba uses logs generated by our Web server to collect aggregate information about the usage of this site. We use this information to help us analyze our business and provide all the users of this site with the best experience possible. We employ the services of WebTrends Live to generate our reports. You may [read their separate privacy policy here](http://www.webtrendslive.com/wtl_marcom/privacy_policy.htm).

This policy was last updated on March 19, 2004 and is valid for 365 days from the time it is loaded by a client (web browser). If you have any disputes with this policy, please contact us at [info@wimba.com](mailto:info@wimba.com), 212.533.1775, or write us at 520 8th Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, NY 10018, and we'll promptly respond to your inquiry.
