> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the greatplacetowork.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170218170910id_/https%3A//www.greatplacetowork.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Great Place To Work United States

**INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE** GPTW collect information from you when you choose to share it with us through or in connection with our websites, events, conferences, client engagements and business development activities. For example, when you share your personal information with us to submit an inquiry through our websites, sign-up for our e-mail lists or newsletters, register for an event or conference, apply for one of our Best Companies to Work For lists, receive information about our events, products and services, and/or contact you regarding a potential or actual future, existing or current project or engagement.

The information we collect may include (•) name, (•) address, (•) telephone number, (•) mobile telephone number, (•) e-mail address, (•) company name, (•) job function, (•) company industry, (•) company size, (•) nature of your inquiry, (•) the types of information you want to receive, (•) event information, (•) dietary restrictions and meal preferences, and (•) if you make a purchase, credit/debit card number or other financial information.

**INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY ON OUR WEBSITES** GPTW may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, or other technologies to collect certain information about visitors to and users of our websites to monitor interactions with our emails, text messages and online advertisements. For example, we may automatically collect certain information from you, such as (•) the type of web browser and operating system you use, (•) the name of your Internet Service Provider, (•) Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, (•) software version, (•) course geo-location information (for example, based on IP address or location of cellular tower used for the connection), and/or (•) the domain name from which you accessed our websites. In addition, we may collect information about your browsing behavior, such as (•) the date and time you visit our sites, (•) the areas or pages of our sites that you visit, (•) the amount of time you spend viewing or using our websites, (•) the number of times you return to our websites, (•) other click-stream or website usage data, and/or (•) emails or ads that you open, forward or click-through to our websites.

**Choices Regarding the Information Collected Automatically On Our Websites** You can set your Internet browser or operating system settings to stop accepting new cookies, to receive notice when you receive a new cookie, to disable existing cookies, to omit images (which will disable pixel tags) or adjust your tracking preferences. Note that the opt-out will apply only to the browser that you are using when you elect to opt out of advertising cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, please click [here](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager06.html). Without cookies or pixel tags though, you may not be able to take full advantage of our sites’ features. Check the “Tools” or “Help” tab on your browser to learn how to change your cookie and other tracking preferences.

**Note, however, that our systems may not recognize Do Not Track (DNT) headers from some or all browsers.**
