> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the greatglam.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161016205723id_/http%3A//www.greatglam.com/great_glam_termsofuse.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms of Use

### Terms of Use & Privacy Policy

Welcome to the Great Glam Web Site [www.greatglam.com](http://www.greatglam.com/) ("Site"). Please review the following basic terms that govern your use of and purchase of products from our Site. Please note that your use of our Site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by those terms (the "Agreement"). Please note that we reserve the right to change and amend these terms of use at our discretion and retroactively.

1)Privacy Policy 

When you visit greatglam.com, with the help of our 3rd party authorized agents, we collect information (such as IP address, domain name, browser type, broad geographical information, site-navigation pattern, etc) to improve our website and to refine our marketing campaigns and promotions. We do not gather any personally identifying information about you when you visit this site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.

We collect certain personally identifiable information when you sign in to the Great Glam web site, register for on-line shopping, participate in a contest, promotion or survey, or request other services that require information, registration or subscription. This information may include your name, billing address, phone number, e-mail address, credit card number and its expiration date, your birth date, your driver's license number and state of issuance to verify your identity. We also keep a record of your product interests and purchases on-line and in our stores, and automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser (including your IP address, greatglam cookie information, and the page you requested).

We using remarketing or similar audiences to advertise online so if you visit our site a cookie will be created that allows third-party vendors, including Google, show you ads on sites across the Internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to this website. Our visitors can opt out of these cookies by going to [http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/)

  
Except as described herein, Great Glam will not sell, share, sell, or rent your personally identifying information obtained online to any third party. Great Glam may share personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people if we have your consent or need to share such information with our 3rd party authorized agents in order to communicate with you about our products,services, and promotions, or to notify contest winners or fulfill promotional obligations. In addition, we may need to share such information with companies that work on behalf of Great Glam in order for them to provide a product or service you have requested, to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process or if we find that your actions on our web site violate Great Glam's Terms of Use or any of our usage guidelines.By providing your cell phone number you are opting into our once weekly text message.  Msg&data rates may apply. To unsubscribe from this list reply 'STOP' to 313131.

Please be aware that our site may contain links to other sites hosted by third parties. Great Glam does not control and is thus not responsible for the content or privacy practices and policies of such other sites

2) We hate spam as much as you do. Actually, I think we hate it more since we get something like 100-odd junk e-mails each day! So, we will NEVER send you any unsolicited junk e-mail. If you register or choose to subscribe to our free mailing list, you will receive your newsletter no more often than 3 times a week. Clear unsubscribe details are always shown on the newsletter.

3) This site does use cookies. However, we do not keep any of your personal details on cookies. We simply store your Customer ID (just a number) in cookie format. This Customer ID does not correlate to any of your personal information. We also store your first name on cookie format to personalize this website. We reserve the right to at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order or part of an order for any reason. In the event that an order or part of an order is declined we will refund the payment for the declined items. We also reserve the right to block customers from purchasing at our sole discretion for any reason. If a blocked customer attempts to circumvent the block their order will be cancelled and a cancellation fee will apply.

  
4)We reserve the right to,and at our sole discretion, to reject returns or exchanges of items that are not any one of the following: in original unworn condition,free of odor, with all tags attached and postmarked within 3 weeks of the order date(6 weeks international orders). Additionally we charge a restocking fee to customers who order more the one of the exact same style and color in different sizes intending to try them both on and then return the one that doesn't fit. We request that customers do not do this. This is very costly for us because it ties up our inventory and wastes our warehouse staff's time. It is also very unfair to other customers because our items are only available in very limited quantities.  In cases where a customer has bought more than one size of the exact same style and color in the same day and then sends just some sizes back we will charge a 8.99 per item restocking fee. This fee only applies in cases where more than one size of the exact same style and color has been purchased by a customer and that same item is then returned. In cases where a customer repeatedly does this we also reserve the right to cancel that customers order(s) and bar that customer from ordering. If an item is sent back soiled such that it requires cleaning there will be a 1.99 cleaning fee.  If the credit card you paid with has expired at the time we process your return, or you used paypal and more than 60 days have elapsed, or you paid for all or part of your order with a gift certificate your refund can only be issued in the form of a gift certificate. Buy It Don't like it keep it for free policy is a courtesy credit extended at our discretion. We reserve the right to request that you instead mail back items in cases where the use of this policy is excessive.  
Free shipping is promotional and has a value of the current stated shipping rates on our site at the time of return. If you return your entire order the free shipping promotional value will be deducted. If you receive a promotional discount based on the value of your order and after your return your order falls below the promotional value the discount will be deducted. Gift codes must be entered and applied at the time of your order and cannot be applied retroactively.

5)From time to time there may be information on the site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions(we're only human and mistakes, though rare, can happen). We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. We may change, move or delete portions of, or may add to, our Site from time to time. Your use of our Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms as changed. We have made every effort to display, as accurately as possible, the colors of our products online. However, since the actual color you see will depend on the make and model the monitor you are using to view the site, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any colors shade will be accurate. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold the site harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site and/or the products purchased on this site. If your order has not yet been packaged or sent it can be canceled however there is a cancellation fee of five dollars or eight percent of the total order amount - whichever is greater. To cancel an order please contact us by email and refer to the order number. We guarantee arrival on all packages. We send all packages with delivery confirmation and reserve the right to send any package with signature confirmation. If a package does not have a confirmed delivery and is lost in transit we will issue a full refund. Please note that this applies to instances where the package is lost by the postal service. It does not apply if you mistakenly gave us an address that is deemed undeliverable by the postal service and returned to sender. In the case of orders that are marked return to sender by the post office the shipping charges are non-refundable and the order will be treated in the same manner as a return. For return to sender orders that utilized free shipping we will deduct the promotional value of free shipping as well as applicable shipping rates. Please note that our order max of 5 items per customer per day from the under $10 category will be enforced via order cancellation.  


6) The entire content (images and text) of www.greatglam.com is copyrighted and may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, posted, modified, transmitted, displayed, distributed, downloaded or otherwise used except as provided herein without the express written permission of Great Glam. 

Get a once weekly text message when we have new styles! Text the word Glam to the phone number 313131Great Glam Clothing Store is the best web clothes shop to buy sexy dresses, clubbing tops and party shirts at great cheap prices in juniors and plus size. We sell club tops, casual and dress womens shirts, short skirts, sexy clubbin mini dresses, cute rompers, hot jumpsuits for going out, tight pants, and bra alternatives for wear under clothing. Our internet website has over 3000 women's clothes styles online. We ship to the United States, Canada, the Virgin islands, Australia and multiple International destinations. 
