> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the greatergiving.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110527204829id_/http%3A//www.greatergiving.com/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Greater Giving

#### Internet user privacy is of paramount importance to us.

The following defines Greater Giving's ("Greater Giving", "we", "us" or "our") policies for web sites that we maintain either for our own purposes or on behalf of our clients.

#### Agreement with Our Policy

By visiting our web site, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use this web site. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our web site and our affiliate sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or if you would like to review or request changes to your personal information, you should contact us by email at [support@greatergiving.com](mailto:support@greatergiving.com) or by phone at 1-866-269-8151.

#### Use of Information Collected by Our Site:

It is our policy that **no information of any kind** or from any source about visitors to this site, our clients or our clients' customers, **is sold or released to anyone** without the prior consent of the visitor, client or client's customer, or without a court order, except in the limited circumstances described below. This includes email registration to mailing lists, contact forms, and browsing logs. Reports of web site visitor behavior are generated by our system. These reports contain personally identifiable information **only if you choose to identify yourself** to us.

We share information with companies that help us implement our services. Credit card and banking information is forwarded to our financial processor in order to process transactions. We may release the contact and organizational information we collect to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf but only for use as directed by us. We forward contact, organizational information, and billing information to companies we with which we contract to deliver the services you ordered. These companies are restricted to use that information for the purpose of delivering the service, and they cannot sell or release the information to anyone without prior consent or if required to implement the service. We disclose information that we, in good faith, believe is appropriate to cooperate in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity, or to conduct investigations of violations of the terms of use of this site or our services.

#### Personally-identifiable Information Collected by Our Site:

We collect and store information that you enter into this web site or that you provide to Greater Giving personnel. For example, when you open an account or place an order, we collect and store some or all of the following information that you provide: name, organizational information, billing address, shipping address, email address, telephone number, banking information, or credit card number and expiration date. This information is used to provide the products and services that you have ordered or requested, to process and ship orders, to send order and shipping confirmations and to provide customer service. Registration may also be required and personal Information may also be collected in certain portions of the web site in which you specifically and knowingly provide such information, e.g. suggestions or customer service requests. Some of this information also may be used to contact you about sales, new products, special offers, and new site features, unless you have opted to not receive promotional communications in connection with this web site. You can also opt out of receiving promotional communications by sending us email at [support@greatergiving.com](mailto:support@greatergiving.com), contacting us by phone at 1-866-269-8151, or using the Unsubscribe feature in promotional emails sent directly to you by us.

#### Non-personally-identifiable Information Collected by Our Site:

We collect the following types of non-personally-identifiable information about users who visit our web site: your IP address (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet); domain type (i.e., .com, .net, or .edu.); and standard information included with every communication sent on the Internet. Information which we can infer from this standard information includes: your browser version and type (e.g., Netscape or Internet Explorer); operating system (e.g., Windows or MacOS); browser language (e.g., Java); service provider (e.g., MindSpring or AOL) and; how you navigate the pages you visit within our site (e.g. which pages you view).

#### Cookies:

If your browser allows, persistent cookies are placed on your system. These cookies remain on your system and are automatically retrieved when you return to our site at a later time. It cannot be associated with an individual, unless you choose to identify yourself.

Our site is designed to function equally well with cookies turned off. However, you may be required to sign in upon each visit if you have chosen this browser option.

#### Policies for Children:

We do not knowingly collect any information from persons under the age of 13. If we learn that any persons under the age of 13 have provided information about themselves, the information will be deleted. Our web site is designed for adults and is not intentionally targeted to children under the age of 13. _Children under the age of 13 should not use our web site without obtaining prior parental consent._

#### A specific policy applies when Greater Giving maintains web pages and processes data on behalf of its clients, in particular, when processing payments through credit cards:

Your personal information will not be shared with anyone other than the client organization and the payment processor to securely process this transaction.

#### The following explains further details on use of supporter information provided to the client organization:

Although Greater Giving consults its client organizations to adhere to standard practices in usage of the data provided, Greater Giving is not responsible for the information practices of its clients. Client organizations may collect information from or about supporters, including personal information. The collection, use, and disclosure of information by a client organization are subject to their respective privacy policies, which may differ from Greater Giving's privacy policy. Greater Giving encourages supporters to review the client organization's privacy policy before providing data.

#### Finally, this policy protects the data owned by each client:

All data collected on behalf of one client is the property of that client organization and will not be shared with third parties except if required for use explicitly authorized by the client organization or if demanded by a court order and except as described below. In particular, credit card information will be forwarded to the payment processor to securely process transactions.

This also means that all supporter contact information of one client is restricted in use to that client even if the same supporter is also participating in another client organization. Separate records will be maintained for each client's supporters and their activities.

Greater Giving reserves the right to use some of the data we collect in aggregate for research, quality assurance, and statistical purposes. All information individually identifying either client organizations or supporters will be removed for the analysis and the results will be reviewed to preserve anonymity before publishing. If a client organization or a supporter provides permission to publish results of their specific activities, then Greater Giving might use those results at its discretion.

#### Changes to this Privacy Policy:

We may add new services and features to our web site or update our Privacy Policy. If we revise this Privacy Policy, we will also revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of this document. We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time you use our web site so that you will be up to date on revisions to the policy.
