> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the greensocialtech.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161106055107id_/https%3A//zessir.com/privacy-p42) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Zessir

**Privacy Policy**

_*** Definition: When in the text is spoken of   “_ ** _We_** _”  and “_ ** _Us_** _“, it means the webmaster and the owner of the website and internet domain name. This excludes “Trusted partners”( see text below )._

As a condition to using Zessir, you agree to the terms of the Zessir Privacy Policy as it may be updated from time to time. Zessir understands that privacy is important to you. You do, however, agree that Zessir may monitor, edit or disclose your personal information, including the content of your emails, if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request (such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order), or as otherwise provided in these [Terms of Service](http://essayboard.com/terms-of-service/) and the Zessir Privacy Policy. Personal information collected by Zessir may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Zessir or its agents maintain facilities. By using Zessir, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.

If you have the need to contact us for any reason, we will ask you to provide us some basic information of yours so we can assess your needs in correct manner.  For an example, we would want to know who had contacted us, and for what reasons.  This is why it’s essential for you to provide us with necessary information of yours so we can proceed in the best manner in addressing the reason that you had contacted us in the first place.  Obviously, we will not use the information that you provide to us in any other manner besides to address your specific reasons.  Your information will not be sold to any third party.  In fact, we don’t even retain your information any longer than we have to.  Whenever we hold onto your information, it’s only for the sole reason of addressing your reasons.  Nothing is absolute when it comes down to legal matter!  If there is legal matter involved, then we have to disclose your personal information, including the content of your emails, if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request (such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order), or as otherwise provided in these [Terms of Service](http://essayboard.com/terms-of-service/) and the Zessir Privacy Policy.

**How would we handle your information?**

For an example, let say you send us an email at admin@Zessir.com to specifically ask us with some general questions or want us to address your specific reasons, then we would have to hang on to your name, email, and any other information that is relevant to your reasons.  We will not share the information that you send to us in emails to any other party for any reason.  Consequently, we will proceed to take care of your questions and reasons with utmost respect and absolute discretion.  Furthermore, when your reasons have been fully addressed, we will take steps to remove your information from our records.

Our website is automatically recording IP addresses and other anonymous statistical data of web visitors.  These information are not to be used in any unreasonable manner besides in providing us with additional information in a way that we can tweak our web services better so our web visitors may enjoy our website and its services/contents much more.  These information will retain in our log files, but not for very long.  We often have to delete our log files so new log files can serve our purpose better in term of determining the newer trends.  Anyhow, these log files are not tied to personally identifiable information.  Our web visitors can retain their anonymous status.

**Links To Other Websites**

From time to time, we may have web links that are not controlled by us.  Some web links we add to our websites may come from trusted partners, and some other web links may come from other interesting websites that we love to share with our web visitors.  In addition, some web links may come from our website’s contributors.  What are these contributors?  Zessir’s contributors are the people who submit their web contents to Zessir to be included in Zessir’s published articles and so on.  We as the folks at Zessir try our best to remove bad links and bad contents, and present to our web visitors with the highest quality contents that we think there are.  Nonetheless, we may miss one or two web links that our website contributors have included in their stories, and therefore we will not be able to do anything about such web links.  In addition, whenever you leave our website and go visit other web links that outside of our control, then we will not be able to protect you with our privacy policy.  You may have to subject to other privacy policies from those web links and websites that are not of ours.  Which means other privacy policies from other web links may be different from our privacy policies, and so you must take note of such incidents and take prudent steps in your explorations of such web links.

**Communication**

We cannot always reply to every message, because some messages may contain harmful materials that direct at us.  Our webmaster will try his or her best to peruse as many serious message as possible.  These messages may be in the form of emails, letters, and so on.  Just so you know that from time to time, our webmaster may have to confront with huge volume of messages, and such situations may prevent our webmaster to answer your message in reasonable time.  Still, our webmaster will try his or her best to attend to all serious messages, and our webmaster may not attend to messages that regard as spam and aggressive sale methods and in languages that our webmaster cannot understand and so on.

**Legal Disclaimer**

It’s important to once again to let you know that we may have to disclose your information when the laws required us to do so.  Since Zessir is under United State’s jurisdictions, therefore we have obligation to follow the laws of the United States of America.  Even though you may not reside within United States of America, we may have to forward your information to the law enforcements within United States of America if the laws required us to do so.

**We can not be held responsible for ( legal or illegal ) activities not carried out by us, that we can’t control and/or have no knowledge of !**

**Our Use of Cookies**

In addition to the information above, Zessir uses WordPress software to display its contents, therefore WordPress’s default cookies are distributed to your computer.  Cookies of WordPress are harmless, and you can always delete them by commanding your browsers to do so.  To know more about cookies, you can check out “[How Internet Cookies Work](http://computer.howstuffworks.com/cookie1.htm)” article on HowStuffWorks.com.  Zessir uses several plugins from third parties such as Facebook.  Just so you know, Zessir has no control over third parties’ cookies.  Nonetheless, Zessir will not use dangerous plugins, therefore only reputable third party services’ cookies are in used.  You can rest assure that cookies from Zessir and third party services are safe!

Here is how you can contact us.  Just email us at admin@Zessir.com with your reasons and questions in regarding to either this privacy policy of ours or to anything else, and we will try our best to approach your reactions with our utmost respect and best support.  We like to say thank you for taking an interest in our website and for your time in reading our privacy policy.  Enjoy your browsing of our website!

**Well Known And Super Safe Third Party Tools That We Use To Determine Trends That Concern With Our Website and Services**

We are using Google Analytics and QuantCast to keep track people who have visited our website and services anonymously.  By anonymously, we mean Zessir’s staffs won’t know who you are or real information of specific people who have visited our website and services.  Instead, we only know general information that Google Analytics and QuantCast can reveal such as age group, income range, and so on.  Obviously, we rarely need such data, but it’s always nice for us to have such data from time to time in case of we want to improve our web services somehow.  Perhaps, we may use such data to convince advertisers in sponsoring us, because our websites and services need to generate some forms of income to be able to continue to provide some services freely as in FREE of charge.
