> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the greenparty.org.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171119171103id_/https%3A//www.greenparty.org.uk/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY

The Green Party of england and Wales is committed to protecting your privacy, including online, and in the transparent use of any online information you give us. This page sets out what information we may hold about you if you provide it, and how that data will be used, both by the website and by the party more generally. No information will be shared more widely than is set out below unless it is required by law.

This site will set anonymous cookies if your browser is set to accept them, and they will be used by Google Analytics (see below).

## IF YOU SIGN UP FOR EMAIL UPDATES AS A SUPPORTER:

We will record your name, email address an postal code. This information will be stored on our servers in order to maintain your subscription and send you updates in your local area. It will not be used for any other purpose and will not be shared with any external organisations. It will be held for as long as you wish to maintain your subscription.

## IF YOU MAKE AN ONLINE DONATION:

The personal details you provide will be held internally by our finance officers and will be shared with the Electoral Commission in the case of donations totalling over 500.

## IF YOU DONATE BY DIRECT DEBIT:

The personal details you provide will be held internally and the bank details you provide will be kept securely by our direct debit processor Smart Debit, view their privacy policy [here](http://www.smartdebit.co.uk/privacy-cookies/privacy-policy/). Your bank details will only be shared with your bank and ours.

## IF YOU JOIN THE GREEN PARTY OF ENGLAND AND WALES:

We will hold a record of your name and postal address and any email address(es) you register with us for the purpose of general communication. This information will be used for party management purposes, and will not be shared with any external organisations without your specific consent; it will be held for as long as you maintain your membership. If your membership lapses, your status will change to a supporter.

## TRACKING IN EMAILS:

We use tracking in our mailings we send to you to evaluate the impact of our mailings.

## OPTING OUT OF CONTACT:

Anyone can opt out of email communications by clicking the unsubscribe links in our emails.

Members can opt out of any of any or all contact methods by updating their privacy preferences on the following page of the members site: <https://my.greenparty.org.uk/form/edit-my-details>

Supporters can opt out of any or all contact methods by emailing [members@greenparty.org.uk](mailto:members@greenparty.org.uk).

## GOOGLE ANALYTICS:

The Green Party of England and Wales website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. We use Google Analytics to make sure our online campaigning is as effective as possible, and it is also one of the ways we make sure that this website is clear and usable.

You can read Google's [privacy policy here ](http://www.google.com/privacy.html)for further information.

## FACEBOOK TRACKING:

With your permission, our website utilises the Conversion Tracking Pixel service of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave., Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). This tool allows us to follow the actions of users after they are redirected to a provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement. We are thus able to record the efficacy of Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes.

The collected data remain anonymous. This means that we cannot see the personal data of any inpidual user. However, the collected data are saved and processed by Facebook. We are informing you on this matter according to our information at this time.

Facebook is able to connect the data with your Facebook account and use the data for their own advertising purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy found under: <https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/>. Facebook Conversion Tracking also allows Facebook and its partners to show you advertisements on and outside Facebook. In addition, a cookie will be saved onto your computer for these purposes.

Only users over 13 years of age may give their permission. If you are younger than this age, please consult your legal guardians.

Please click here if you would like to revoke your permission:

<https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/>

## ADVERTS AND SPONSORED LINKS

This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, to whom may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.

Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertisers website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computers hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.

## EXTERNAL LINKS

Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites).

The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.

## USE OF COOKIES

This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user's computer / device.

Cookies are small files saved to the user's computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the user's interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.

Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.

Other cookies may be stored to your computers hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
