> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the greenbookee.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-07-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140707133033id_/http%3A//www.greenbookee.com/page/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy policy

Protecting your privacy is important to the Green Bookee. This Policy explains how the Green Bookee collects, uses, and discloses the personal information you may provide while using the Green Bookee website. It is always your choice whether or not to provide personal information through the websites. Any personal information you provide will be treated with care, and subject to this Policy will not be used or disclosed in ways to which you have not consented.

Your Consent  
1\. By using a website or submitting information to the Green Bookee through or in connection with a website, you signify your consent to the Green Bookees’ collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, you may not use any of the website or submit information to the Green Bookee through or in connection with a website.

Information Automatically Collected  
2\. Non-Personal Information - As is typical with many other Internet website, the website automatically collect certain non-personal information regarding website users, such as the date and time you access the website, the Internet address of the website from which you linked to the website, the operating system you are using, the website pages read and images viewed, and any content you post to or download from the website. This non-personal information is used for website and system administration purposes and to improve the website. Non-personal information may be disclosed to others and permanently archived for future use.

3\. Cookies - The website use "cookies", a technology that stores a small amount of information on a website user’s computer to permit the website to recognize future visits using that computer. Cookies enhance the convenience and use of the website. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the website (so you do not have to enter your personal information every time), offer personalized Web page content and information for your use and otherwise facilitate your website experience. the Green Bookee may engage third parties to provide cookies that collect information regarding website use. You may choose to decline cookies generally if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your use of the website and your ability to access certain features of the website.

Personal Information You Specifically Provide  
4\. Your Personal Information - During your use of the website, including your registration as a Green Bookee customer, you may be asked to voluntarily provide personal information (such as your personal name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, and credit card information) for purposes such as facilitating communications with you or facilitating your use of the website, including purchases. If you choose not to provide certain requested personal information, you will not be able to register as a Green Bookee customer or use certain features of the website.

5\. Use of Your Personal Information - the Green Bookee may use your personal information to contact and correspond with you, respond to your communications, provide services to you, facilitate and enhance your use of the website, facilitate transactions through the website, and as otherwise permitted by law. The Green Bookee may develop a confidential profile for you, which will be used to provide services to you and facilitate your use of the website. Additionally, the Green Bookee may keep a record of all communications with you.

6\. E-mails from the Green Bookee - If you register as an the Green Bookee customer, then the Green Bookee may send to you, from time to time, e-mail or other communications containing information about the Green Bookee and the website and other matters the Green Bookee believes will interest you. At any time you may ask the Green Bookee to stop sending you e-mail and other information. Each e-mail the Green Bookee sends to you will tell you how to decline further unsolicited e-mail. From time to time the Green Bookee may also send to you e-mail containing important information regarding the website, which you may not opt out of receiving.

7\. Disclosure of Your Personal Information - the Green Bookee may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances and as otherwise permitted by applicable law:   
a. Disclosure to Authorizing Persons - If you use the website on behalf of another person or organization (such as your employer), the Green Bookee may provide your personal information to that authorizing person/organization. the Green Bookee has no control over the use of your personal information by the authorizing person/organization, and that use is not subject to this Policy. If you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to the person/organization on whose behalf you use the website, you may not use the website.   
b. Disclosure in Business Transfers - the Green Bookee may be involved in the sale or transfer of some or all of its business. As part of that sale or transfer, the Green Bookee may disclose your personal information to the acquiring organization, but will require the acquiring organization to agree to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. the Green Bookee has no liability for the acquiring organization’s use and disclosure of your personal information. If at any time you do not wish the Green Bookee to disclose your personal information as part of the sale or transfer of some or all of its business, please send your request by e-mail.   
c. Law Enforcement and Legal Disclosure - the Green Bookee may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information or where the Green Bookee has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information, or to its legal counsel. The Green Bookee has no control over, or liability for, those persons’ use and disclosure of your personal information, and that use and disclosure is not subject to this Policy.

8\. Depersonalized Information - the Green Bookee may use personal information to create non-personal information regarding the use of the website and related services. The Green Bookee may then disclose that non-personal information to other persons and permanently archive that non-personal information for future use.

9\. Business Contact Information - To the extent permitted by law, the provisions of this Policy concerning "personal information" do not apply to information (such as your personal name, position or title, business address, business telephone number, business fax number and business e-mail address) which enable you to be contacted at a place of business.

10\. Securing Your Information - To help protect the confidentiality of your personal information, the Green Bookee employs reasonable security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Nevertheless, security risks cannot be eliminated and the Green Bookee cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be used or disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Policy.

11\. Accessing Your Personal Information - You may request access to your personal information and information about the Green Bookee’ collection, use and disclosure of that information by sending your request by e-mail. Subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information within a reasonable time, and will be entitled to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and to have it amended as appropriate. the Green Bookee attempts to keep its records as accurate and complete as possible. You can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any changes to your personal information.

12\. Other website - The website may contain links to other website or Internet resources, including website operated by booksellers. When you click on one of those links you are contacting another website. the Green Bookee has no responsibility or liability for or control over those other website or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.

13\. Former Users - If you stop using the website or your permission to use the website is terminated, the Green Bookee may continue to use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Policy as amended from time to time. However, if you want the Green Bookee to stop sending you unsolicited e-mail and other information, please send your request by e-mail.

14\. Policy Changes - To accommodate changes in the website, changing technology, and legal developments, this Policy may be changed from time to time in the Green Bookee’ discretion and without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person. New versions of this Policy will be posted here. the Green Bookee’ collection, use and disclosure of your personal information will be governed by the version of this Policy in effect at that time. Your continued dealings with the Green Bookee or your use of the website subsequent to any changes to this Policy will signify your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the changed Policy. Accordingly, when you use the website you should check the date of this Policy and review any changes since the last version. You should also bookmark this page and periodically review this Policy to ensure that you are familiar with the most current version.
