> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the greenrushdaily.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-01-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160110221103id_/https%3A//greenrushdaily.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY | Green Rush Daily

**GreenRushDaily.com  is committed to protecting your privacy.**

_GREEN RUSH DAILY  assures you that you can safely surf our site without fear of identification or prosecution. Under no circumstance will any of your identifiable information be recorded (unless you provide it to us), sold, or handed over to any third-party, including advertisers, sponsors, or law enforcement.  _GREEN RUSH DAILY_ does reserve the right to provide non-identifiable consumer data to third parties including, but not limited to, general statistics about pages viewed on our site, sales, and other shopping information._

_GreenRushDaily.com uses_ ** _Facebook Comments_** _for its commenting system in order to improve the environment for conversation. As a third party application, Facebook may collect data and personal information that you provide.   _ _GREEN RUSH DAILY__ is not responsible for the information you share and commenting is done at your discretion. Please do not submit comments that imply committing illegal activities._

We offer this statement to inform our users of how we define, gather and utilize personal information. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this policy at any time. Such changes and/or modifications shall become effective immediately upon the posting thereof. Without limiting the foregoing, we may occasionally notify you by email about changes to the Site or provide notices of changes by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Site. Please review this policy periodically. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes and/or modifications will constitute your acceptance of the revised privacy policy. For your information, this page was last updated on July 1, 2002.

We define personal information as information that includes a person’s full name, address, telephone number, date of birth and/or email address or any other information that is tied to individually identifiable information that would allow someone to identify or contact you, unless stated otherwise herein or on the Site. We can gather information on our users in two different ways: (1) cookie technology; and (2) voluntary submissions.

Cookies are small pieces of information some sites store on your computer. If you have cookies enabled, your browser will accept aweb site’s cookies automatically when you visit the site. Cookies often help determine what you see when you visit a site. This data is stored in aggregate form by  _GreenRushDaily.com_ and is in no way singled out in an individual file. The information is used in revising the website to better meet our users needs and interests. Cookies are not used to track page views, browser histories, or form entries.

We also collect personally identifiable information from users through voluntary submissions. We use good faith efforts to make it clear why the information is being collected and what it will be used for. WE WILL NEVER SHARE THIS INFORMATION with any third party affiliates, sponsors or advertisers. In some cases, we will wish to contact you with communications from  _GreenRushDaily.com_  only. In these cases, we will clearly let you OPT-OUT from receiving any communications from _GreenRushDaily.com_ if you wish do so.

When you order products from us, we also collect personally identifiable information from you. If you order one of our products or services, we will collect and maintain your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information, order number, referring URL, IP address and a password. We collect this, and other information, as disclosed in this policy, in order to fill your order, to communicate with you about your order and to send you promotional materials. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes and additions to the information it contains. These changes will be automatically kept for future use. We use good faith efforts not to provide third parties with access to your individual account information. We reserves the right to provide non-identifiable consumer data to third parties including, but not limited to, general statistics about pages viewed on our site, sales and other shopping information.

Users must be 18 years or older before registering in any of our sweepstakes or contests. Contests are open only to residents of the United States and Canada and their territories and principalities.

We have taken steps to ensure that personally identifiable information collected is secure, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to its database servers, as well as electronic security systems and password protections which guard against unauthorized access. We encourage users to be smart about choosing when, and to whom to release information online.

**Third Party Information and Commenting**

_GreenRushDaily.com_ may contain content that is hosted and served by third parties, which may include third party widgets (such as those that allow you to share content with third party web sites and online services), and those third parties may collect site usage information and your device identifier when web pages from the sites are served to your device. Also,  _GreenRushDaily.com_ may contain links to other third party web sites that  _ _GREEN RUSH DAILY__ does not control. In addition,  _ _GREEN RUSH DAILY__ widgets may be included on web pages and web sites that are not associated with us, and over which we have no control. These other web sites may send their own cookies to your device, independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies.  _ _GREEN RUSH DAILY__ is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party.
