> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the greenrope.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140424022941id_/http%3A//www.greenrope.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy by GreenRope

**1\. General**

GreenRope® is committed to protecting the privacy of any person or entity that uses, or makes use of its services, products, or system (“User” or “Users”). This privacy policy (hereinafter “Policy”) explains when and how personal information is collected, used, disclosed and protected with respect to the GreenRope®’s web site located at www.GreenRope.com (the "Site"). By using the Site, the User fully understands and consents to the privacy practices described in this Policy, as reasonably modified from time to time by GreenRope®. User has carefully reviewed this Policy in order to fully understand the GreenRope® data privacy practices.

**2\. Personal Information**

Personal Information shall be defined, but not limited to, as information that is specifically identifiable to a unique individual, information such as a name, address, individual’s telephone number, e-mail address, account number, information about an individual's activities if directly linked to that person (hereinafter “Personal Information”).  Personal Information also includes, but shall not be limited to, demographic information, such as date of birth, one’s gender, geographic area, and personal preferences if such information can identifiable and unique.

**3\. Personal Information We Collect**

GreenRope® collects Personal Information from Users in a number of ways, examples of such are: when Users visit the GreenRope® Site, GreenRope® collects Personal Information when Users: (1) register and set up an account; or (2) contact GreenRope® by e-mail for any reason; or (3) Users enter contact information of clients or potential clients for the purpose of engaging with them through the use of the GreenRope platform.  When Users visit the GreenRope® web site, some information is also automatically collected, such as the Users computer's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, Users computer's operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring web site, and the time and date of Users visit and purchases. GreenRope® treats this information as Personal Information if it is combined with or linked to any of the identifying information mentioned above.  While these may be some examples of how GreenRope® can gather and obtain User Personal Information, User shall not consider this to be an exhaustive list. 

**4\. How We Use Personal Information**

GreenRope® uses Personal Information to process User requests and provide Users with services, to inform Users about other products, to provide Users with products and/or services GreenRope® believes may be of interest to the User. When GreenRope® uses User Personal Information in its own marketing efforts, GreenRope® provides Users with options and do not disclose the User’s Personal Information to third parties, except as described in this Policy. Personal Information provided online may be linked together or merged with other Personal Information so that GreenRope® may better understand User needs and inform Users about GreenRope® products or services. GreenRope® also uses User Personal Information to send Users informational e-mails, including without limitation to newsletters, notifications by account owners, project managers, forum moderators, league managers, group members, and reminders of event schedules and attendance.

**5\. Emails**

If Users send emails through the GreenRope® Site, the User must understand that the email will include email address and any personal message included. Due to the nature of the e-mail being sent from the GreenRope® Site, these emails are not private communications and therefore are not confidential. GreenRope® has no responsibility to keep such information confidential if User sends emails through the GreenRope® Site.  User shall not use the Site or any software provided through the Site to send spam or content that violates this agreement or any other User agreement.

**6\. Security**

GreenRope® has put security measures into place in an effort to protect User’s Personal Information while such information is under GreenRope® control. All Personal Information relating to Users are stored in a reasonably secure environment, separate from the Site. User’s account information is accessible online only through the use of a confidential password. To protect the confidentiality of Personal Information, User must keep its password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. User is solely responsible for all uses of the Site by any person using User password. User shall advise GreenRope® immediately if User believes its password has been misused or improperly obtained.

**7\. Control of Personal Information**

GreenRope® gives the User the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from GreenRope® and to view, correct, or delete User’s own Personal Information. GreenRope® does not sell, rent, or share Personal Information with third parties without User’s prior consent, except in the limited circumstances, such circumstances described in this Policy. GreenRope® may share Personal Information with third-party vendors who assist GreenRope® in performing functions necessary to operate GreenRope®’s own business. These functions may include, but are not limited to, website hosting, credit card transaction processing, and data entry. GreenRope® limits User Personal Information shared with GreenRope® third-party vendors to that which GreenRope® believes is necessary to carry out those functions. In addition, GreenRope® may disclose Personal Information in the good faith belief that GreenRope® are lawfully authorized to do so, or that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process or authorities, respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property or personal safety of GreenRope®, its users, its employees or the public. Information about GreenRope® Users, including Personal Information, may be disclosed or transferred as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets or acquisition.

Notwithstanding any other provision, GreenRope® may also engage a data provider who may collect web log data from contacts in GreenRope® accounts (including IP address and information about browser or operating system), or place or recognize a unique cookie on such contacts' browsers to enable the delivery of customized content.   These cookies contain no personally identifiable information.  The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data that GreenRope® users voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., email address, that we may use to interface with a data provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form. To opt-out of these data provider cookies, please go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices.

**8.  Safe Harbor**

GreenRope® complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. GreenRope® has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.  To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view GreenRope®'s certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/

**9\. Cookies, IP Addresses and URLs**

Automatically Collected Information: GreenRope® automatically receives certain types of Personal Information whenever a User interacts with GreenRope®. For example, when a User visits the Site, GreenRope® automatically collects the User IP address and the type of browser the User uses. Information may be automatically collected through the use of a term called "cookies." GreenRope® also collects various types of information called ‘clickstream information’, which is information about Users browsing behavior, such as IP address information, entry and exit points for the Site, search terms, web site addresses User visits, page views, and impressions. Cookies are also collected.  Cookies are small text files placed on Users hard drive by a web site when Users visit a particular website. These files identify a User’s computer and record a User’s preferences and other data about a User’s visit so that when the User returns to the site, the site knows who the User is, and can personalize the User visit. Most browsers automatically accept cookies as the default setting. Users can modify the setting to reject cookies or to prompt Users before accepting a cookie from the sites User visit by editing browser options. GreenRope® may place or recognize a unique cookie on Users browser to enable Users to receive customized content or services. Any cookies made available to shopping carts or other tracking information sent to third parties will reflect only de-identified demographic or other data linked to data Users have voluntarily submitted to GreenRope®, will be encrypted, and will not be used to identify Users individually. If Users decide not to accept GreenRope® cookies, Users will still be able to access those parts of the GreenRope® site available to the general public, but Users may not be able to login or use the site's features or services, and Users may have a less satisfactory experience.

**10\. Links to Other Web Sites**

The GreenRope® Site may contain links to other web sites. Any Personal Information User provides on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy. Except as described above, GreenRope® is not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of web sites to which GreenRope® links. Links from GreenRope®’s Site to third parties or to other sites are provided for User convenience. GreenRope® encourages Users to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with Personal Information.

**11\. Policy Changes**

GreenRope® reserves the right to change or alter this Policy at any time. GreenRope® may use User Personal Information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this Policy. If GreenRope®’s privacy practices change, GreenRope® will post the policy changes to our web site and notify Users by indicating the date the privacy policy was last updated. GreenRope® encourages Users to check back at the GreenRope® Site periodically if the User is concerned about how the Users Personal Information is used.
