> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the toughmudder.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120524033350id_/http%3A//toughmudder.co.uk/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Tough Mudder UK

We are strongly committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. The policies below are applicable to Tough Mudder LLC’s website: [ToughMudder.co.uk](http://toughmudder.co.uk/).

### 1\. Purpose.

This privacy policy is intended to let you know (1) the kinds of personal information we may gather during your visit to the site, (2) why we gather your information, (3) what we use your personal information for, (4) when we might disclose your personal information, and (5) how you can manage your personal information. 

Please be advised that the practices described in this privacy policy apply only to information we gather on our site. They do not apply to information that you provide to RaceIt.com to register for an event, or to other third parties with links on our website. 

### 2\. Your Acceptance.

By visiting our Site, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site. 

We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.

### 3\. Contact.

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, don’t see your concerns addressed here, or wish to make changes to any personal information we have collected, you should contact us by email at [contact@toughmudder.co.uk](mailto:contact@toughmudder.co.uk).

### 4\. Information We May Collect.

Except as disclosed below, we don’t sell, barter, give away, or rent your personal information.

  * **(a) Personal Information.** Use of certain features of the site, like signing up to receive a newsletter, or responding to one of our surveys may require that you provide certain personally identifiable information, in other words, information that identifies or describes you, such as your name, email address, telephone numbers, address, zip code, age, and gender (“personal information”). We also may collect and store personal information about you that we receive from other sources, e.g. the information we receive from RaceIt.com when you register for an event or to be a spectator. RaceIt.com has its own privacy policy and you should refer to it for any questions you may have about the information RaceIt collects about you when you register for one of our events or to be a spectator using RaceIt.com.

  * **(b) Anonymous Information.** Even if you don’t request a newsletter or fill-out a survey, when you interact with the site, we may collect certain non-personal information. For example, our servers keep an activity log that tracks all visitors to the site. The information in the activity log is anonymous and therefore does not identify you individually. The anonymous information our server collects may include among other data: your IP address, your registered domain or home server, time of access, date of access, web page(s) visited, number of clicks, software crash reports, type of browser used, session identification number, search terms, search results, access times and referring website’s addresses. 

  * **(c) Cookies and Spyware.** We do not install spyware on your computer, nor do we use spyware to retrieve information from your computer.




Like many websites, we may use “cookies”, which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences. We use cookies to track your use of our website and its features. We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the site and make it easier and/or more relevant for your use. 

You may occasionally get cookies from companies with links on our website. We do not control these cookies, and these cookies are not subject to our privacy policy.

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. For more information on cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information provided by the Interactive Advertising Bureau at [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/). 

  * **(d) Google Analytics.** We use Google Analytics on our site. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect anonymous traffic data to help use analyze how users use the website. The information generated by a cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the site, compiling reports on site activity for us and providing other services relating to site activity and internet usage. 




Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. By using the website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. 

  * **(e) No Information Collected From Children.** Our site is not directed to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age you should not use this site, and under no circumstance should you send information about yourself to us. If we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will immediately delete that child’s information from the site. 




### 5\. How We May Use Your Information.

Except as disclosed in this privacy policy, we do not use or disclose information about your individual visits to our site or your personal information collected online to any parties other than those with whom we partner or are affiliated without your consent. 

  * **(a) In General.** We use your personal information to communicate with you about your interest in our events and our company, to help us improve your experience on the site and in some cases to promote our events or to inform visitors to our site about the people who participate in our events. We may also use your information to prevent or detect abuses of our terms of use and to enable third parties to carry out technical or other functions on our behalf. 

  * **(b) Your Submissions.** By giving us your personal information either through our website or email, you expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this privacy policy. When you submit personal information to us, we may use your personal information to contact you, and we may provide it to certain third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. For example: 

  * If you fill out a Media Profile Survey, we may share your personal information with members of the media and other third parties for marketing and promotional purposes. 

  * If you fill out a Tough Mudder Universe Survey, we may post certain personal information about you in the Participant Profiles portion of our site and share it with third parties for marketing and promotional purposes . We will not post your contact information on our website, but please be careful about what you disclose to us and do not disclose any information that you expect to keep private. 

  * If you fill out a survey expressing interest in volunteering for or hosting an event or if you request to receive posters or our newsletter, we will use your personal information to contact you and may share your personal information with third parties for purposes of fulfilling your request.

  * **(c) Use of Anonymous Information.** We may use anonymous information to help us determine how people use parts of the site and who our users are so we can improve our site. We may also use anonymous information to provide information in aggregated form to our partners and other third parties about how our users collectively use the site. We may also use or share anonymous information (or other information, other than personal information) in any other manner that we decide is appropriate or necessary.

  * **(d) Third-Parties.** We may occasionally have third party representatives, agents, affiliates and partners that perform functions on our behalf, such as event registration, marketing, analytics, etc. These entities may have access to your personal information but only as needed to perform their services. 

  * **(e) Emergency Situations.** We may also use or disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the site; (b) protect and defend the our rights or property, the site or our users, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, or the users of the site or the public.




### 6\. Security.

The security of your information is of great concern to us. We exercise care in providing secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers. Personal information collected by our site is stored in secure operating environments that are not open to the public. While we try our best to safeguard your information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. 

### 7\. Linking to or from Other Websites.

Our site contains links to other websites, and in some cases, frames other websites (e.g. RaceIt.com), operated by our affiliates, partners or third parties. Please be advised that the practices described in this privacy policy for us do not apply to information gathered through these other websites. These other sites may also send their own cookies to you, collect your data or solicit your personal information. Always be aware of where you end up. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other websites. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave this site and read the privacy policies of each and every website that you visit. 

### 8\. Governing Law.

Our site is published in the United States and governed by U.S. law. If you are located within the European Union, you should be aware that your personal identifiable information will be transferred to the United States of America, the laws of which may be deemed by the European Union to have inadequate data protection. If you are located in a European Union country or another country outside the United States and voluntarily submit personal information to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this privacy policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States.

### 9\. Assignment.

We may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the website. As a result, please be aware that we may transfer your information to another company that is affiliated with us or with which we have merged. 

### 10\. Changes to This Policy.

As our website continues to develop, we may change or add new services or features to our site. In the event that these additions affect our privacy policy, this document will be updated appropriately. Please check back regularly for changes. 

### 11\. Managing Your Information/Opting-Out.

You may always opt-out of receiving future e-mail messages and newsletters from us or request that your information be removed from our website or corrected. To make such a request, you can send us a message at [info@toughmudder.co.uk](mailto:info@toughmudder.co.uk). 

Last Updated: 1 May, 2012
