> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the the-n.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030604093631id_/http%3A//www.the-n.com/footerPage.php%3Fipv_sectionID%3D46%26ipv_articleID%3D53) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The N: Privacy Policy

  | 

The-N.com is a site where people can come to have their opinions heard, answer polls, play games, make stuff and find out more about the shows on The N. We believe people are entitled to their opinion. While we encourage the interactive nature of online media, we strive to educate adults, kids and everyone in between about how to appropriately safeguard their privacy when traveling on the web. And, since some of the people who come to The-N.com are kids, we are committed to complying fully with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. Our information collection practices are described below. We urge kids to check with their parent or guardian before entering any information on any website and we urge parents and guardians to discuss with their kids restrictions regarding the online release of personal information to anyone they don't know. 

**What Information Is Collected**  
At The-N.com, it is our policy to create website content that requires minimal collection of information from our visitors. Consequently, The N.com generally limits its collection of information to what is known as non-personal information (e.g. an online username and password). This information is collected when users register to participate in certain online activities (e.g. playing online games, submitting posts on message boards and creating digital works). With usernames, registered users may track game scores, express opinions and set up personalized portfolio pages to save and view digital works, which they make on The-N.com, all of which can be done without giving unnecessary personal information. From time to time, however, The-N.com may request limited personal information (e.g. an e-mail address), as explained below, in order to conduct online contests or sweepstakes or to get a parent or guardian’s permission for The-N.com to display and use digital works kids made on The-N.com. The-N.com does not condition a kid’s participation in an activity on the kid’s disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. 

  * **Sending Electronic Materials.** The-N.com gives kids the opportunity to send certain electronic materials, such as electronic postcards featuring original artwork created by The-N.com, or digital works registered users created themselves, to friends and family via e-mail. We do not require kids to submit personally identifiable information about themselves (other than first name in some cases) in order to send electronic materials via email. We do, however, ask kids to submit the email address of the recipient of the electronic materials. These e-mail addresses are used only to send the electronic materials, are retained by our server for several hours, and then deleted from our system.
  *  **Use of Digital Works Made by Kids on The-N.com.** Kids who have registered with a nickname and password have the opportunity to create digital works on The-N.com. Kids who have registered with a nickname and password can also save their digital works created on THE-N.com, which they can view in their own personalized portfolio pages. Kids who want to have The-N.com display or use their digital works on-air and in other media may send a request to The-N.com by providing their parent’s or guardian’s e-mail address. We notify the parent or guardian via e-mail of their kid’s request and ask the parent or guardian for their consent to allow The-N.com to display or use their kid’s digital work on-air and in other media. Other than within the kid’s personalized portfolio pages on The-N.com, which only the kid can view, The-N.com will not use or display the digital works of kids on-air or in other media whose parents do not respond, or who decline consent. The parent’s or guardian’s email address is only used for the purpose of notifying the parent or guardian of their kid’s request and to obtain their consent for the right to use and display the digital works as described above and is deleted from our system sometime after the email request is sent to the parent or guardian.
  *  **Contests and Sweepstakes.** Kids can also enter online to win prizes in contests and sweepstakes by providing minimal personal information. The-N.com may ask for the kid’s first name, e-mail address, and the e-mail address of a parent or guardian, who will be notified of the kid’s entry via e-mail and be given the opportunity to withdraw their kid from the contest or sweepstakes. All the information collected by The-N.com is used only for the purpose of conducting the contest or sweepstakes. Once the contest or sweepstakes is finished, we then delete any personal information collected. The information collected in our contest or sweepstakes may be passed to a fulfillment house that helps run the contest or sweepstakes, who may not use such information for any other purpose and has agreed to maintain the confidentiality of any information that they receive from The-N.com. 



**Use of Information**  
The-N.com uses or may use personal information for contacting kids or their parents or guardians in connection with its website activities, such as conducting contests or sweepstakes and notifying parents or guardians of their kid’s request to permit The- N.com to display and use on-air and in other media the digital works made by kid’s on The-N.com. The-N.com currently does not disclose to third parties personally identifiable information that kids provide. From time to time however, we may transfer, disclose or share such information with third parties who may be engaged by us specifically to handle and deliver certain online activities (e.g. conducting contests and sweepstakes). Such third parties have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Additionally, in the event that all or substantially all of Noggin’s stock and/or assets, including The N, are transferred or sold to another entity, Noggin may transfer such information and information collected from parents or guardians to the acquiring entity. Finally, we may also disclose personally identifiable information to third parties when required by law or is pertinent to judicial or government investigations or proceedings, or otherwise necessary to protect our website or the safety of it’s users. 

**Cookies and Log Data**  
'Cookies' are information files that your web browser places on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a site. Cookies cannot damage user files, nor can they read information from a user’s hard drive. Cookies are used to record whether a visitor has indicated that they have certain plug-in software applications installed on their browser. Cookies also allow websites to 'remember' user activities on a website as well as user’s visits to a site. At The-N.com cookies are used to determine the number of unique visitors to our website over a given period and to remember non-personally identifiable user-names so that the need for multiple log-ins is eliminated. We do not store any personal information into cookies nor do we link or combine information collected through cookies to any personal information that kids submit online when participating in our activities. You can, of course, disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. Log data collected on web servers both within The N’s control and under the control of The N’s third party ad service provider, who is required to maintain such data on a confidential basis, supplies The N with aggregate information about the number of visits to different pages on our site. The N uses such aggregate information to improve access to content based on visitor’s browsers and operating system types to make our content available to as many kids as possible. We do not link the log data collected to the personal information that kids submit online when participating in our activities. 

**Security & Parental Access**  
At The N, our goal is to help parents ensure that their kids have a safe and fun online experience. That's why we've set up a system by which parents can print out and mail or fax us a signed form that allows them to review any personal information collected about their child and ask us to correct any factual inaccuracies, delete this information, and/or request that we refrain from further collection or use of their child's information. You can link to the form from here. 

The N has taken steps to ensure that any information we collect on The-N.com is secure by, among other things, limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, utilizing electronic security systems, and using password protections which guard against unauthorized access. 

The-N.com provides a 'bumper page' when linking from The-N.com to an advertiser's site, which lets kids know they are going to an advertiser's site and reminds them not to give out information online without getting permission from their parent or guardian. The-N.com provides links to other websites that may have their own information collection practices. The-N.com provides internal 'bumper pages' that inform kids that they have linked to another site and instructs them not to give out information online before checking with their parents. These other websites are governed by their own privacy policies or information collection practices, which may be substantially different from ours. We encourage visitors to other websites to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of those websites. 

**To Parents**  
The N urges parents and guardians to talk with their kids about online safety and to monitor their kids' activities online. The-N.com website is intended for domestic visitors and is, consequently, specifically directed towards residents of the United States. 

**Questions/Concerns?**  
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding The N's privacy policy, please contact us at: 

Privacy Coordinator  
Noggin LLC  
1633 Broadway  
New York, NY 10013  
(212) 846-2543  
[noggin.privacy@noggin.com](mailto:noggin.privacy@noggin.com)

This policy, like the online medium itself, is subject to change. 

|  
