> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the the305.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630111655id_/http%3A//www.the305.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**PRIVACY POLICY**

We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. Your privacy is protected.

When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: [http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

**What do we use your information for?**

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

> _; To personalize your experience_  
>  _(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)_
> 
> _; To improve our website_  
>  _(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)_
> 
> _; To improve customer service_  
>  _(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)_
> 
> _; To process transactions_

Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.

> _; To send periodic emails_

The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.

_**Note:** If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email._

**How do we protect your information?**

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.

We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.

After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.

**Do we use cookies?**

Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information

We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.  
****

**Do we disclose any information to outside parties?**

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

**Third party links**

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.  
****

**California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance**

Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.  
****

**Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance**

We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.  
****

**Terms and Conditions**

Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.The305.com  
****

**Your Consent**

By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.  
****

**Changes to our Privacy Policy**

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

**_This policy was last modified on 03/13/2013_**

==============================  
****

**Contacting Us**

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.

_**The305.com**_  
Po Box 163005  
Miami, Florida 33116-3005 USA  
info@the305.com
