> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the theartofcharm.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081216023335id_/http%3A//www.theartofcharm.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | The Art of Charm

**Information Collected.** The Art of Charm, LLC generally collects personally identifying information with your specific knowledge and consent (“Personal Information”). For instance, when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, complete a survey, make a purchase, subscribe to our publication(s), or register for any portion of our services, you are asked to provide information such as your e-mail address, name or phone number. Optional information such as your age or gender may also be requested.

Our servers may also automatically collect information about your computer and associated usage when you visit the Website, including without limitation the type of browser software you use, the operating system you are running, the website that referred you, your Internet Protocol ("IP") address (“Automatic Information”) and your site usage. Your IP address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university.

**Use of Information Collected.** We may use Personal Information to communicate with you about your subscription and customization preferences; our terms of usage and Privacy Policy; services and products offered by The Art of Charm, LLC and partners; and other topics we think you might find of interest. Personally Information collected by us may also be used for other purposes, including but not limited to site administration, troubleshooting, processing of e-commerce transactions, administration of contests, and other communications with you. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service and our newsletter provider, for example), and coordinate, with us, through their retention, to undertake permitted uses, may have//will have access to such information. We will use your information only as permitted by law.

Automatic Information may be used in many ways. For example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to help enhance our site and services (e.g., to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive). Automatic Information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners. Again, this information does not include any Personal Information about you or allow anyone to identify you individually.

We may provide access to your Personal Information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web Site, to limit our legal liability and protect our rights, or to protect the rights and safety of visitors to this Web Site or the public. In those instances, the information is provided only for that limited purpose.

**Cookies.** In order to provide better service on our Web Site, we use "cookies". A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Cookies help a web site to remember you as a previous visitor and can enhance your use of a web site by saving your preferences while you are at the site. We use cookies to understand site usage and improve site content. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g. to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites. We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs, or services. A cookie, though, does not retrieve any data from your hard drive, neither does it carry computer viruses nor captures your e-mail address. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it. Some of our advertisers occasionally serve you cookies as well. We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers.

**Security Measures.** The Art of Charm, LLC has technical and organizational security measures in place, including firewalls, to protect the information under our control from accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, or access. Such measures do not guarantee prevention of loss, misuse, or alteration of information, however, so while we strive to protect your information, we cannot warrant the security of information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.

**Children's Privacy.** The Art of Charm, LLC is intended for use by individuals over the age of 18, and not for children. If you are under 18, please do not submit any personally identifiable information on our site. Children should always ask a parent or guardian for permission to send any personal information online to anyone.

**Other Information About Your Privacy.** You should be aware that when you disclose personal identifying information (e.g., user name, address, company name, telephone number, demographic information, buying information, other data and E-mail address) in discussion forums, chat rooms or other areas that are publicly accessible by others, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties. We are not responsible for any information that you provide in the above areas. It is important to be responsible and careful whenever you are online.

**Links.** Our Web site and subscriber e-mails contain links to third party sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party sites. Therefore, we encourage our users to read the privacy statement of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this Web Site.

**Notification of Changes.** We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions on our Web Site. This Privacy Policy is not intended to, and does not, create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. If we are going to use your information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will provide you with a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. Please periodically check this page for information about revisions to this Privacy Policy.

**Contacting Our Web Site.** If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, the practices of our web site, or your dealings with our web site, you may contact us at the address listed below.

**The Art of Charm, LLC**
