> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thebaynet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181227141955id_/http%3A//www.thebaynet.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TheBayNet Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy Effective as of July 1, 2014 INTRODUCTION Logan Ventures, LLC, doing business as TheBayNet.com ("TheBayNet" or "we") wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information from and about you. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites, mobile sites, applications ("apps"), and widgets (collectively, the "TheBayNet"). By using TheBayNet, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. As set forth in our Terms of Use, the TheBayNet are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both those who use the TheBayNet without being registered with or subscribing to a TheBayNet and those who have registered with or subscribed to a TheBayNet Service. This Privacy Policy applies to TheBayNet's collection and use of your personal information (i.e., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address). It also describes generally TheBayNet's practices for handling non-personal information (for example, interests, demographics and services usage). COLLECTION OF INFORMATION TheBayNet and our service providers collect the following information from and about you: Registration Information is the information you submit to register, for example, to create an account, post comments, receive a newsletter, or enter a contest or sweepstakes. Registration Information may include, for example, name, email address, gender, zip code and birthday. Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the TheBayNet and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content, which may include a name, user name, comments, likes, status, profile information and picture. Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines. Information from Social Media. If you access or log-in to TheBayNet through a social media service or connect a TheBayNet to a social media service, the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service, any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends lists, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. When you access the TheBayNet through social media services or when you connect a TheBayNet to social media services, you are authorizing TheBayNet to collect, store, and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Activity Information. When you access and interact with the TheBayNet, we may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the TheBayNet, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the TheBayNet from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geo location data, or other transactional information for that device. At this time we do not respond to browser 'Do Not Track' signals, as we await the work of interested stakeholders and others to develop standards for how such signals should be interpreted. Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier. Websites, apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service. These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the TheBayNet, such as pages you have visited, content you have viewed, search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen. If TheBayNet wishes to combine your personal information with information we obtain through these technologies in order to determine what messages TheBayNet provides to you, we will obtain your express affirmative consent. Third parties that support the TheBayNet by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate TheBayNet usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information. TheBayNet does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies.. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information. Users can manage the use of Flash technologies, with the Flash management tools available at Adobe's website, see http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy policy/faq.html. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features, content or personalization available through the TheBayNet. Information from Other Sources. We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from our TheBayNet Affiliates or business partners. USE AND DISCLOSURE We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the TheBayNet and features to you, including: to measure and improve those TheBayNet and features; to improve your experience with both online and off-line TheBayNet by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages; to allow you to comment on content and to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries. When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties. We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes: To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the TheBayNet. TheBayNet may make your information available to certain third party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide the TheBayNet. To allow social sharing functionality. If you log in with or connect a social media service account with TheBayNet, we may share your user name, picture, and likes, as well as your activities and comments with other TheBayNet users and with your friends associated with your social media service. We may also share the same information with the social media service provider. By logging in with or connecting your TheBayNet account with a social media service, you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider, other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service's privacy policy. If you do not want your personal information shared in this way, please do not connect your social media service account with your TheBayNet account and do not participate in social sharing on TheBayNet. To deliver relevant advertisements. TheBayNet and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver relevant ads to you when you use the TheBayNet or another service. As noted above, third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests. To contact you. TheBayNet may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the TheBayNet. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of, such as notifications of changes to the TheBayNet or policies. If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app. To share with business partners. TheBayNet may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices. To protect the rights of TheBayNet and others. There may be instances when TheBayNet may disclose your information, including situations where TheBayNet has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of TheBayNet, our TheBayNet Affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of the TheBayNet or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities. To complete a merger or sale of assets. If TheBayNet sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, TheBayNet may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. SECURITY TheBayNet uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. USER ACCESS AND CONTROL If you would like to access, review, correct, update, suppress, or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us, you may contact us at support@thebaynet.com. In your request, please include your email address, name, address, and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access, change, update, or suppress. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. We give you many choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes. You may opt-out from: Receiving electronic communications from us: If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email. Cancelling your account. To cancel your account, email support@thebaynet.com, subject, "Delete My Account" and include the email address that you registered your account with (if different from the email address you're sending the email from). Remember that even after you cancel your account, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances - where, for example, you have shared information with a third-party application or web site. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others, and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION Updates to Privacy Policy. TheBayNet may modify this Privacy Policy. Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the TheBayNet. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you, we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information. Location of Data. The TheBayNet are hosted in and managed from the United States. If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States. United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above. As a result, please read this Privacy Policy with care. Linked Services. The TheBayNet may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, games, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies. TheBayNet is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies, and once you leave the TheBayNet or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service. Data Retention. We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law. Remember that even after you cancel your account, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have shared information with social media or other services. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies. It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints, contractual, financial or legal requirements. Sensitive Information. We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (such as social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the TheBayNet or otherwise. CONTACT US If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Email: support@thebaynet.com Mail: Logan Ventures, LLC, DBA: TheBayNet.com 23680 Three Notch Road, Unit 104 Hollywood, MD 20636
