> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the theblemish.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-01-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170130163147id_/https%3A//theblemish.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Blemish Privacy Policy | The Blemish

This statement covers the site theblemish.com (theblemish). Please read this statement carefully before proceeding to access theblemish. Your use of theblemish indicates your agreement to abide by the Terms in effect. The Website is owned and operated by Freakishly Huge Media LLC (FHM for short). You can view our Terms of Service (TOS) here. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.

## Website Visitors

Like most website operators, theblemish.com collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. theblemish’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how theblemish’s visitors use its website. From time to time, theblemish may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

theblemish also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. theblemish does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

## Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to FHM websites choose to interact with theblemish in ways that require theblemish to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that theblemish gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at theblemish.com to provide a username, email address and profile information. In each case, theblemish collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with theblemish. theblemish does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. The third-party advertising technology that we use on this Web site uses information derived from your visits to this site to target advertising within this site. In addition, our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on this site and other sites. In the course of advertisements being served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your browser. In addition, we use Web beacons, provided by third-party advertising companies, to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits this site, to learn which banner ads bring users to our Web site and to deliver more relevant advertising.

## Aggregated Statistics

theblemish may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, theblemish may monitor the comments / forum posts on the site or use spam screeners to help identify spam. theblemish may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, theblemish does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

## Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

theblemish discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on theblemish’s behalf or to provide services available at FHM’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using FHM’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. theblemish will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, theblemish discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when theblemish believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of theblemish, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a FHM website and have supplied your email address, theblemish may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with FHM / theblemish and our products. We primarily use our various blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. theblemish takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

## Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. theblemish uses cookies to help theblemish identify and track visitors, their usage of theblemish website, and their website access preferences. theblemish visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using FHM’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of FHM’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

## Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, theblemish may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at theblemish’s sole discretion. theblemish encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
