> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thebookseller.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230184716id_/http%3A//www.thebookseller.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | The Bookseller

###  Introduction

Respecting the privacy of our customers and ensuring the confidentiality of customer information is critical to The Bookseller, Nielsen Business Media, and The Nielsen Company. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to ensure that we interact with all of our customers in line with current legislation such as the Data Protection Act 1998 and in accordance with their wishes.

###  The policy

  * (1) The Bookseller will use your contact details (postal address, email address, telephone, mobile and fax numbers) to contact you regarding the product and/or services you have requested. This includes re-registration/renewal notifications, surveys on improving our service to you and/or invitations to exhibitions, seminars and shows.
  * (2) From time to time The Bookseller may invite you to register in order to receive magazines, email newsletters, enter competitions, and receive services from Nielsen Business Media websites. This will require you to confirm personal information such as your name, email address, home and work postcodes. This information is mandatory and is required by The Bookseller for security purposes and enable The Bookseller to supply a reasonable level of services to users and our advertisers. We will ask for information such as job function, company sector, company/ name and date of birth. During registration, you will also be asked to choose a password for future access to the relevant site(s).
  * (3) The Bookseller offers you the chance to opt in to receive additional information from The Bookseller and its associated companies by email, telephone and/or SMS. This includes other products/services that The Bookseller and its associated companies offer and that The Bookseller feels will be of interest to you.
  * (4) The Bookseller offers you the chance to opt in to receive marketing information from other carefully selected organisations by email, telephone and/or SMS. The Bookseller will only pass on these details if you opt in. The Bookseller takes all measures possible to ensure that the contact you receive will be from reputable organisations. The Bookseller however cannot accept any responsibility for use of the data once it has been passed on.
  * (5) The Bookseller offers you the chance to opt out of receiving additional information from The Bookseller and its associated companies by post. This includes all other products/services that The Bookseller and its associated companies offer.
  * (6) The Bookseller offers you the chance to opt out of receiving marketing information from other carefully selected organisations by post. The Bookseller takes all measures possible to ensure that the contact you receive will be from reputable organisations. The Bookseller cannot however accept any responsibility for use of the data once it has been passed on.
  * (7) Aggregate statistical information gathered from The Bookseller registration forms may be passed on to advertisers or others regarding sales or website usage. At no point will this include personal identifying information.
  * (8) At all times a recipient of a The Bookseller product and/or service will have the opportunity to amend their contact details and/or to opt in or out of any of the options listed above in points 3, 4, 5 and 6. You can also request, at any time, to have your personal details flagged on the The Bookseller databases to ensure you do not continue to receive such information. We will not actually delete your record from the The Bookseller databases as we would no longer be able to identify you, which could lead to you receiving information from us in the future. To action any of these requests please contact the relevant customer care department of the product/service you subscribe to.
  * (9) You have the right to be told what personal information we hold about you on our databases. You should write to Stepanie McNamara, The Bookseller, Endeavour House, 189 Shaftesbury Avenue, London WC2H 8TJ. In your letter you must state your full name, your address and all publications and/or services from The Bookseller to which you know you subscribe. A small administration charge of £5.00 will be made for fulfilling this request.
  * (10) The Bookseller may make anonymous use of information to help diagnose faults, manage the system and gather broad demographic information about our users in general. This information will be stripped of all details that could identify you personally. For example, we may use IP addresses to help fix performance problems with our server.
  * (11) The Bookseller uses all reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to it secure.
  * (12) This statement does not extend to sites that are linked to The Bookseller site but which are not part of the Nielsen Business Media network. You should refer to those sites for further details about their use of your personal information. The Bookseller is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of third party web sites linked to this site.
  * (13) If you use a The Bookseller website certain information is automatically collected so that delivery can be made of the service. Cookies may be stored on your machine by your browser. You can set your browser to disable cookies, but then you might find some website features will not work.
  * (14) When you request a page from the site's web server, the server automatically collects some information about your system, including your IP address. The Bookseller collects the minimum information necessary to make the service work - this information is essential to send the pages back across the Internet to the right computer.
  * (15) The Bookseller uses "SiteCensus" to analyse traffic to the The Bookseller site. SiteCensus does not create individual profiles for visitors. If you wish to obtain more information about SiteCensus contact [webeditor@bookseller.co.uk](mailto:webeditor@bookseller.co.uk "Email the web
 editor")


