> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the theblogstarter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141130120724id_/http%3A//www.theblogstarter.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy « The Blog Starter

Privacy Policy:

The Blog Starter (“The Blog Starter”) operates TheBlogStarter.com and may operate other websites. TheBlogStarter.com is not affiliated in any way with The Institute for End User Computing, Inc. or with any of its current or former officers, directors, staff, or volunteers. It is The Blog Starter policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.

Website Visitors

Like most website operators, The Blog Starter collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. The Blog Starter purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how The Blog Starter visitors use its website. From time to time, The Blog Starter may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

The Blog Starter also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on TheBlogStarter.com blogs/sites. The Blog Starter only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.  
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to The Blog Starter websites choose to interact with The Blog Starter in ways that require The Blog Starter to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that The Blog Starter gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at TheBlogStarter.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with The Blog Starter are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, The Blog Starter collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with The Blog Starter. The Blog Starter does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.  
Aggregated Statistics

The Blog Starter may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. The Blog Starter may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, The Blog Starter does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.  
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

The Blog Starter discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on The Blog Starter behalf or to provide services available at The Blog Starter websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using The Blog Starter websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. The Blog Starter will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, The Blog Starter discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when The Blog Starter believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of The Blog Starter, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an The Blog Starter website and have supplied your email address, The Blog Starter may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with The Blog Starter and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. The Blog Starter takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.  
Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The Blog Starter uses cookies to help The Blog Starter identify and track visitors, their usage of The Blog Starter website, and their website access preferences. The Blog Starter visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using The Blog Starter websites, with the drawback that certain features of The Blog Starter websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

Business Transfers

If The Blog Starter, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that The Blog Starter goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of The Blog Starter may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.  
Ads

Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by The Blog Starter and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.  
Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, The Blog Starter may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in The Blog Starter sole discretion. The Blog Starter encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a TheBlogStarter.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
