> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the theblast.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180131070736id_/https%3A//theblast.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - The Blast

**PRIVACY POLICY**

**GRAMERCY GLOBAL MEDIA, LLC** (“GGM” or “we” or “us”), is responsible for the content of this Website (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use).

Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to information you provide to us offline.

**YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE.**

**Personal Information:** When you interact with the Website, you may provide personal information to us (such as your name, email address, date of birth, etc.) or we may collect information when you subscribe to notifications or sign up to receive information from us. We will only collect and use information that is related to our legitimate business interests and in order to better understand your interests and to improve your experience while using this Website.

**Privacy of Minors:** If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, please be sure to read this Privacy Policy with your parent and obtain his or her permission before you submit or post any personal information and before you use any features on this Website that require participation or posting your feedback.

**Social Media Plug-Ins:** Social Media plug-ins of social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and Google are integrated on our Website. Where our Website contains a plug-in to a social network, these are clearly marked (e.g. with a Facebook button). If you chose to click on one of these links, your browser connects directly to the servers of the relevant social network. If you are registered on the relevant social network and logged into your account, the social network receives the information that the web page was used by you and may link your personal information to our Website. If you post or share information or content, such as photos, letters, or comments, while participating in online forums on our Website or through your Social Media platform plug-in, depending on your privacy settings this information and your username may become public on the Internet. We cannot prevent further use of this information once it is made public.  Also, if you interact with us through a social media platform, plug-in, etc. then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some limited information from your social network profile (such as name, email address, photo, gender, location and the people and/or sites you follow, etc.).  If you do not wish us to have access to your information via your social network, please adjust your privacy settings on the relevant platform or log out of your social network before you visit our Website.

**Cookies:**  We use “cookies” or other similar technology (including flash cookies, e-tags, cache browsers and GIFs, etc.) on the Website.  We use cookies to tell us whether you have visited the Website previously or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify Website features in which you have the greatest interest.  When you use our Website, we may automatically collect certain personal information that is aggregated with information collected for other users.  This information provides us with statistics such as how many users visit the Website and what pages were accessed.  We may use anonymous data in the aggregate form for purposes of research or to conduct research-based on viewer demographics, interests and behaviors. Although this data may be based in part on personal information collected from you or your social media platform, it does not identify any users personally. We may share this type of anonymous data with third parties, including our affiliates, agents, service providers and current and prospective business partners to administer the website and for advertising, promotional and other business purposes.

We may also work with reputable third parties to present advertisements, and engage in data collection, reporting, ad delivery and response time measurement and other analytics using the data collected on our Site and on third-party websites across the Internet and applications over time. These third parties may also use cookies, web beacons or similar technology to perform these activities. They may obtain information about applications you use, websites you visit and other information and browsers in order to serve advertising that may be more relevant to your interests.

**Location of Website and Use of Information** : This Website is operated from the United States. However, as we are a part of the Banijay group of companies, we may from time transfer your information to other countries and make it accessible by any of our affiliate entities and third party service providers internationally. By using this Website you agree that your personal information may be sent or accessed internationally.

We may share or disclose your personal information to our affiliates and third parties (including law enforcement agencies, government/regulatory bodies, content protection organizations, etc. to (1) protect our legal rights, privacy or safety, and those of our subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, agents and contractors; (2) protect the safety and security of visitors to our websites or other properties; (3) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes; (4) respond to inquiries or requests from government, regulatory, law enforcement or public authorities; (5) permit us to pursue available remedies, commence, participate or defend litigation, or limit the damages that we may sustain; (6) comply with subpoenas, search warrants, the law or other legal process; or (7) enforce our Terms of Use.

We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or part of our business or assets. If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer, you should contact the subsequent owner of the business.

**Applicable Law:   **This Website is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any country or territory other than that of the United States. Please note that we do not represent or warrant that this Website is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction or for any particular purpose. Those who use this Website do so at their own initiative, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations.

**Notice to California Residents:**  Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which this Website has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for those third-parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us by email at [legal@theblast.com](mailto:legal@theblast.com) or by mail at The Blast, Legal Department, c/o Banijay Studios, NA, 8730 Sunset Blvd., 6th Floor West, West Hollywood, CA 90069.

For all requests, you must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the body or subject of your request as well as your name, street address, city, state and zip. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled, that are sent without complete information or that are misdirected.

FROM TIME TO TIME WE MAY REVISE THIS PRIVACY POLICY TO REFLECT INDUSTRY INITIATIVES, CHANGES IN THE LAW, TECHNOLOGY OR OUR CORPORATE POLICIES REGARDING INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE. IF WE MAKE MATERIAL CHANGES TO THE POLICY WE WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH NOTICE OF THESE CHANGES BY ANNOUNCING THE CHANGE ON THE HOME PAGE OF THIS WEBSITE.
