> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thecricket-tv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-11-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091128082158id_/http%3A//thecricket-tv.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | The Cricket TV

Keeping in mind the importance of privacy of personal information of visitors to this site, the following is a little info on the kinds of personal information that is collected as part of the process of serving Advertisements on this site, and how this information is safeguarded. None of the personal information collected is ever sold to third parties.  
Log Files:  
As is the norm with most websites, data located in log files is collected and used. The information in the log files includes a visitor’s IP address, ISP, browser used at the time of visit to the site, the time you visited and the distribution of pages navigated on this site.  
Cookies and Web Beacons:  
Cookies are used to store information, which include any preferences you may have while visiting and navigating this site.  
Third party advertisements are made use of on this site to support maintenance of the site. The advertisers use technology including cookies and web beacons as part of providing advertisements on this site, which send the third-party vendor (eg: Google Adsense) information including your IP address, ISP, browser used at the time of visit to this site, and in some cases, info on whether you have Flash installed. This information collected is usually used for geo-targeting purposes in order to display advertisements appropriate to your location and your browsing-patterns while visiting this site as well as other sites. For eg: Google makes use of the DART cookie for this. You may choose to disable or selectively turn off cookies or third-party cookies through the settings provided in your browser, or by controlling the preferences in programs like Norton Internet Security. However, this may affect some of your interaction with this site as well as other websites.

Note: Neither do these ad-serving technologies in any way hinder or cause you any problems while using the internet to visit this or other sites nor do they spy on you in any way to collect information other than those mentioned. Their sole purpose is to display ads most appropriate to you.
