> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thecreditsolutionprogram.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141214112748id_/http%3A//www.thecreditsolutionprogram.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Credit Solution Program

**A.** When accessing our _Website,_ **__ _The Credit Solution Program_** will learn certain information about you during your visit. How we will handle information we learn about you depends upon what you do when visiting our site. If you visit our site to read or download information on our pages, we collect and store only the following information about you:

1\.         The name of the domain from which you access the Internet;

2\.         The date and time you access our site; and

3\.         The Internet address of the Web site you used to link directly to our site.

**If you subscribe to our newsletter and free video guide by entering your email address on our site, then we will store your email in a database and use your email address to regularly send you information and updates related to the free video series, our products available for purchase, other credit and finance topics of interest, or posts on our blog. If you wish to stop receiving emails from us, then you can unsubscribe at any time by using the unsubscribe link included at the top and bottom of every email.**

If you take the credit quiz available on our website and enter your email to get your quiz results, then your quiz answers are stored in a database along with your email record. This allows us to deliver your personal quiz results by email or display your quiz results on the website for you to personally view. Your quiz answers are never shared with any 3rd party or displayed on the website so that another visitor could see them. 

**We guarantee that your email address will never be shared, sold, rented, or used for any reason except to deliver our email newsletter directly to you.**

**B. Contact and Opt-Out Information. You may contact us as at support@thecreditsolutionprogram.com if: (a) you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy; (b) wish to make corrections to any personally identifiable information you have provided; (c) want to opt-out from receiving future emails from us. You may also unsubscribe from our email list easily by using the unsubscribe link at the top and bottom of every email -this is the fastest and easiest way to stop receiving communication from us. You can also reach us by phone at +1 866-618-7232.**

**C.** If you identify yourself by sending us an e-mail containing personal information, either directly or through a support form,  then the personally identifiable information collected will be solely used to respond to your message. Content from your email message may appear on our website, blog, or in our newsletter, however only attributable to FIRST NAME, LAST INITIAL unless permission from you is otherwise obtained. ** __**

**D. _The Credit Solution Program_** uses software programs which use cookies and “pixels” to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, and what content is downloaded the most. You should assume that every page on our website has tracking software that helps us in testing of our advertising and marketing campaigns or to determine visitor paths through our website. 

**E.** For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, **_The Credit Solution Program_** uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. **_The Credit Solution Program_** will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.

**F.** **California Privacy Rights** Residents of the State of California, under certain provisions of the California Civil Code, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain personally identifiable information as defined under California law during the preceding year for third party direct marketing purposes. You are limited to one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. You may request the information in writing at: **_Mike Roberts_** , d/b/a ** __****_The Credit Solution Program_** , ** __** 601 Van Ness Ave, STE E869, San Francisco, CA 94102 or from **_support@thecreditsolutionprogram.com or by calling +1 866-618-7232._**

**G. Third Party Ad Server Networks** The _Website_ may use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on the _Website_ and may use traffic measurement services to analyze traffic on the _Website_. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to the _Website_ and other _Website_ s you have visited. Third-party ad serving  enables us to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. The _Website_ ‘s third party ad network providers, the advertisers, the sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have cookies enabled in your browser and track certain behavioral information regarding users of your computer via a Device       Identifier. These third party cookies are set to, among other things: (a) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in; (b) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times; and (c) understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements that have been delivered to you. Note that any images (or any other parts of a web page) served by third parties in association with third party cookies may serve as web beacons, which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities. Third party cookies and web beacons are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one.

**H. Blog and Public Forums** We may offer blog comments, message boards, bulletin boards, or similar public forums  where you and other users of our _Website_ can communicate. The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information (including personal information) in connection with your use of these public forums. We may use personally identifiable and non-personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum. Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone, including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our _Website_.

**I. Keeping Your Information Secure** We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please be advised, however, that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or   inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information. In the unfortunate event that your “personally identifiable information” (as the term or similar terms are  defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach) is compromised,  we may notify you by e-mail (at our sole and absolute discretion) to the last e-mail  address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the  circumstances; provided, however, delays in notification may occur while we take  necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if  notification would impede a criminal investigation. From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information, and when appropriate, we upgrade our information security systems.

**J. Other Sites; Links** Our _Website_ may link to or contain links to other third party _Website_ s that  we do not control or maintain, such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our _Website_ and banner advertisements. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party _Website_. We encourage you to note when you leave our _Website_ and to read the privacy statements of all third party _Website_ s before submitting any personally identifiable information.

**K. Sole Statement** This Privacy Policy as posted on this _Website_ is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this _Website_ , and no summary, modification, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the _Website_.
