> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thecasualtruth.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230014941id_/http%3A//thecasualtruth.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | The Casual Truth

In this Privacy Policy:  
“you” means you the user of this website.   
“we”, “our”, “us” and “TCTL” means The Casual Truth Limited. 

**Purpose  
** This policy outlines how and why we collect information from you, how we store it, how you can access and correct that information and when we might disclose information to other people. 

**Collection  
** In the future, we may collect information about you (for instance, your name, email address, etc) if the practice is established where you register on our website, subscribe to our email newsletter, enter TCTL promotions or competitions, or when we communicate via email. Other sources, like research or marketing organisations, may also provide us with information about you from time to time.

**Use    
**Though it is yet to be established, we may hold and use the information we collect for a number of purposes, including:   
• Offering you competitions and other promotions;   
• Sending you periodic emails or newsletter updates ON TCTL. 

**Disclosure  
** We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. Sometimes we may disclose your information to third parties, who may include:   
• Dealers and suppliers whose products and services support our services;  
• A potential purchaser of TCTL. 

We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. 

**Analytics  
** Like many websites, we use web analytics services, like Google Analytics for example. These services use “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help us analyze how you use our site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on servers belonging to the companies providing the analytic services. These companies will use this information to evaluate your use of our website, and to compile reports for TCTL on the site’s activity (for example, number of visitors to our site, how long they spend on the site when they visit and their geographical location). They may also transfer this information to their agents or where required to do so by law. The companies providing the web analytic services will not associate your IP address with any other data they hold. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. By using our website, you consent to the processing of data about you as set out above. 

**Access and Correction  
** If you consent to receiving emails or other communications from us, but later change your mind, just let us know and we will take you off our list. Get in touch via our ‘Contact Us’ web page. 

**Privacy Act 1993  
** This policy does not affect your rights under the Privacy Act 1993. Subject to any rights you may have under the Privacy Act 1993, we will not be liable to you, or anyone else, for the content or lack of confidentiality of any TCTL services you use. 

**Change in Policy**   
TCTL may change the terms of this Policy at any time. You will be bound by these changes and updates so we recommend you visit this page from time to time to review the current Privacy Policy.
