> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thedomainfo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151226211214id_/http%3A//thedomainfo.com/pages/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Informe

## Privacy Policy

This Privacy Statement (“Privacy Policy”, “Policy”) describes the policies and practices of the Thedomainfo.com company (“Thedomainfo”), in terms of collecting, using, and safeguarding the private information that may be obtained through use of the company's services. This Privacy Policy applies to the Thedomainfo website, but not to Thedomainfo's partners or affiliates, which may have independent privacy policies. 

### Information Collection

Personal information is collected from customers only after obtaining consent, which is acquired when customers are prompted for information when subscribing to the services, or requesting information from the company. Personally-identifiable information is not collected when a user simply browses the website. 

### Disclosure of Information

Please rest assured that Thedomainfo does not provide the obtained information to third parties and takes all reasonable measures to guarantee the safety and security of the user information. 

### Cookies

A cookie is a piece of data stored on a computer's hard disk containing information about the owner. Thedomainfo does not employ the use and does not exercise any access or control of cookies. 

### Use of Google Analytics

The Thedomainfo website uses Google Analytics to obtain information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information including how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used before they visited this website. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics doesn’t gather your name or other identifying information, only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site. We do not combine the data collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by third party websites, only by Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use (as amended for government websites) and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser. 

### Use of Google AdSense

The Thedomainfo website uses “Google AdSense”, a service that allows the integration of advertisements provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google AdSense uses “cookies” to analyse your website use. Google AdSense also uses so-called web beacons that allow the evaluation of information such as web page visitor traffic. The information generated by cookies and web beacons concerning the use of this website (including your IP address) and the ad formats are transferred to a Google server in the US and stored there. This data may be transmitted by Google to its contractors, though Google will not pass on the other information that you have shared together with your IP address. You may decline to install cookies through the setting of your internet browser; Please note that you may not be able to use of some of the website’s functions in this case. By using this website, you agree to the processing of the information collected from you by Google in the manner and for the purpose described above. 

### Third Party Sites

The Thedomainfo website contains links to external websites which are outside the scope of this Privacy Statement. The Thedomainfo is not responsible for the privacy practices of the other sites and does not control the accuracy of information displayed by such websites. 

### How to contact us

If you have questions regarding the Policy, please contact us via the email thedomainfopolicy@gmail.com, and we will endeavor to respond to your request. 

### Amendments

Thedomainfo reserves the right to amend this privacy policy at any time. Any amendment will be made by posting the changes to the website. Customers must check the website periodically to be aware of any changes to the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Thedomainfo website or service constitutes your acceptance of those changes. 

Last Updated: May 28, 2015
