> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thedollarbusiness.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606183900id_/https%3A//www.thedollarbusiness.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - The Dollar Business

The Dollar Business is committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. This statement discloses the privacy practices for The Dollar BusinessOnline, located at [www.thedollarbusiness.com](https://www.thedollarbusiness.com/)

Questions regarding this statement should be directed to The Dollar Businessat [reachus@thedollarbusiness.com](mailto:reachus@thedollarbusiness.com) or by contacting The Dollar Business, Vimbri Media Pvt. Ltd., 5-2-198/4, Distillery Road, Ranigunj, Secunderabad, Telangana – 500003, India or by calling our main number at +91-40-67609990.

The information gathered by The Dollar Business Online falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by visitors to our website through optional registration and (2) tracking information gathered as visitors navigate through our sites.

To make use of certain features on our website, visitors must provide certain information as part of the registration process. (We may ask, for example, for your name, email address, sex, age, and PIN code, and we might request information on your occupation, interests, and the like.) This information is used to generate reports that help [www.thedollarbusiness.com](https://www.thedollarbusiness.com/) assess the value of and interest in the site.

To help make our website more responsive to the needs of our visitors, we invoke a standard feature of browser software, called a "cookie", to assign each visitor a unique, random number (a sort of user ID) that resides on your computer. The cookie does not personally identify the visitor as an individual; rather, cookies merely identify the computer that a visitor uses to access our sites. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we will have no way of knowing who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply. A cookie cannot read data off your hard drive. Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser (if you click on their ads), a process that we do not control.

We use cookies to help us tailor our sites to meet your needs, and to deliver a better service that is keyed to the interests of our visitors. We use cookies to determine what features our visitors prefer and which are less popular. We can build a better site if we know which pages our users are visiting and how often. And we use cookies to avoid showing you the same ad, repeatedly, during a single visit.

If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies. Please consult your web browser’s Help documentation for more information on this process.

Our web server may collect limited information about your computer’s connection to the Internet, including your IP address, when you visit our website. (Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data, such as the web pages you view.) Your IP address does not identify you personally. We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our website to the interests of our users, to measure traffic within our website and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come.

The Dollar Business Online includes links to other websites whose privacy policies we do not control. Once you leave our server (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can’t find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site’s homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information.

When we present information to our advertisers – to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites – it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our sites. If you do register with The Dollar Business online or via response to any promotion or advertisement or call to action on any other medium, we may, from time to time, contact you about content, features, products, services and any other event or occurrence, that we believe may be of interest to you, through any mode of communication.

You indemnify VMPL, its directors, officers, agents and representatives, from any financial and legal obligation or claim, including those due to any third party action or claim, that arise out of us sending a transactional SMS/email/call to your mobile/email address/any other phone, following your verbal, written or digital agreement to receive any appropriate communication related to appointment, products, offers, and any business matter from The Dollar Business and/or Vimbri Media Pvt. Ltd. 

When you import your address book, we'll upload detailed information about your contacts to The Dollar Business servers. We'll use this information to suggest relevant connections for you, to help you browse, search, and organise your contacts on The Dollar Business platform, and for other uses explained in our Privacy Policy. If you're asked to enter your password, we'll only hang on to it for a moment to authenticate your account. We'll never email anyone without your permission.

We collect information when you sync non-The Dollar Business content – like your email address book, mobile device contacts, or calendar – with your account. You can remove your address book and any other synced information whenever you like.

You may use our address book or “contacts” importer (or other similar features) to upload your address book into our Services. We store this information (including phone numbers) and use it to help you manage and leverage your contacts in connection with our Services. We also use this information to enhance your experience with our Services by helping you to grow your network by: identifying your contacts that are already Members of our Services; providing a template to send invitations on your behalf to your contacts that are not Members; and suggesting people you may know (even if not in your contacts) but are not yet connected with you on our Services (as we may infer from your shared connections or shared managers, employers, educational institutions and other such factors). We may also use this information to show you and other Members that you share the same uploaded contacts who may or may not be Members.

Please note that when you send an invitation to connect to another individual on our Service (a “connection”) or to join our Service to connect with you, that person may have access to your email address or, for SMS invitations, mobile number because it may be displayed in the invitation. After sending these invitations, we may also remind your invitees of your invitation on your behalf. Your The Dollar Business connections will also have access to your email address.

We make other tools available to sync information with our Services, and may also develop additional features that allow Members to use their account in conjunction with other third-party services. For example, our mobile applications allow you to sync your device’s calendar, email and/or contacts apps with our Services to show you The Dollar Business profiles of meeting attendees, email correspondents and/or your contacts.

Another example are software tools that allow you to see our and other public information about the people you email or meet with and leverage our Services to help you gain insights from and grow your network. If you grant these products (mobile applications or our other Services that sync external email and calendar services) permission to access your email and calendar accounts, they will access and may store some of your email header and calendar history information. Our products that sync with external email services may also temporarily cache message content for performance reasons, in a way that is unreadable by us and our service providers.

Any information that you upload or sync with our Services is covered by the User Agreement and this Privacy Policy. You can remove your information at your convenience using the features we make available. You can remove your address book and any other synced information at any time.

All information gathered on The Dollar Business Online is securely stored within The Dollar Business Online-controlled database. The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited. However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas is available to anyone with Internet access.

The Dollar Business reserved all rights to sharing edited feedback received through any channel of communication, with various stakeholders of foreign trade and other interested parties, in any form or matter, for a purpose that pertains to an external or internal editorial, marketing, advertising, legal or any other usage found suitable and permitted verbally or in writing by the Publisher and/or Editor-in-Chief and/or Editor of The Dollar Business, VMPL. Such usage shall not be contested by any contributor of a feedback. 

Note: The Web is an evolving medium. If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future, we will post the changes before they take effect. Of course, our use of any information we gather will always be consistent with the policy under which the information was collected, regardless of what the new policy may be.
