> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thedailylifer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606094354id_/http%3A//www.thedailylifer.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – The Daily Lifer

Welcome to TheDailyLifer.com [“Website”]. We are committed to respecting the privacy rights and concerns of all users of our Website. This Privacy Policy sets forth Our online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to this Website. It also provides you information regarding how you can ask us questions or make requests of us with respect to information we collect while you are using our Website.

By using our Website, you explicitly accept, without limitation or qualification, the collection, use and transfer of personal and non-personal information we collect during your visits to our Website in the manner described in this policy. Please read this policy carefully as it affects your rights and liabilities under the law. If you disagree with the way we collect, share and store information, please do not use this Website.

You must be 18 years of age or older to use our Website. We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information about visitors under 18 years of age. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor under 18 years of age and believe that we have personal information related to such minor, please contact us at <> so that we may delete the minor’s information from our database.

**1\. Scope of this Policy.**

“Cookies” are a feature in your browser software. If enabled, we or a third party vendor may write cookies that may store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to any of the pages of this Site or our emails. Cookies assist us in tracking which of our features appeal the most to you and what content you may have viewed on past visits. When you visit this site again, cookies can enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. We may use cookies to: keep track of the number of return visits to this site; accumulate and report aggregate, statistical information on website usage; deliver specific content to you based on your interests or past viewing history; save your password for ease of access to our Site. You can disable cookies, although the Site may not function properly for you. Your browser preferences can be modified to accept or reject all cookies, or request a notification when a cookie is set. You may read more about cookies at http://www.cookiecentral.com. In order to use all of the features and functionality of Company’s websites, you need to accept cookies.

We may use “session” cookies, which are not permanently stored on your hard drive. Session cookies expire after two hours of inactivity or when you close your browser. “Session” cookies allow us to keep track of this data until you have completed your search or registration.

We may also use “persistent” cookies in part to ensure that we do not show you pages that you have already seen and to personalize your site experience and save you time. “Persistent” Cookies enable us to recognize whether you have responded to any questionnaire or registration or have already been presented with an advertisement or information placed on the site so that we do not show you the same information again the next time you visit our site or in the next email you receive from us. The “persistent” cookies we use will remain on your computer after you have left our site until you remove them.

We may also allow other companies to display advertisements to you while you are visiting our Sites and when opening our emails. Because your web browser must request these advertisements from the other companies’ servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. We have no control over the practices of those third party advertisers and are not responsible for their technology or tracking. We encourage you to review the policies of such advertisers when you link to their website.

Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we or a data provider we have engaged may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content. These cookies contain no personally identifiable information. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, that we may share with a data provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form. To opt-out of these cookies, please go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices.

**2\. Information We Collect and Retain.**

We may collect the following general types of information about you when you visit and use our Website: personal information, demographic information, behavioral information, and indirect information. Sometimes we collect combinations of these types of information.  
Personal information is information that can be used to identify you, or any other individual to whom the information may relate, personally. We do not collect personal information unless you choose to provide it to us. Such information may include your first and last name, physical address, email address, birthdate.  
Demographic information is information that may or may not be unique to you in the sense that it refers to selected population characteristics, Such information may include, but is not limited to, zip code, telephone numbers (including cell phone numbers and carriers), age, gender, salary range, education and marital status, occupation, industry of employment, personal and online interests.  
Behavioral information is information pertaining to how you use our Website, the areas of our Website that you visit, what services you access, and information about your computer hardware and software including your IP address, geographic location, browser preference, operating system type, domain names, times that you access the internet and other website you have been referred to us through.  
Third party information is information that we acquire from a third party which may including personal, demographic, behavioral and indirect information.  
Cookies: “Cookies” are a feature in your browser software. If enabled, we may write cookies that may store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to any of the pages of this Website. When you visit this Website again, cookies can enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. We may also allow other companies to display advertisements to you while you are visiting our Website. Because your web browser must request these advertisements from the other companies’ servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their website. We have no control over the practices of those third party advertisers and are not responsible for their technology or tracking. We encourage you to review the policies of such advertisers when you link to their website.  
Web Beacons: We also use electronic images known as Web Beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs, clear gifs or action tags) that allow us to collect certain information about your visit to this Website (including the number of users who have visited those pages), measure and improve the effectiveness of advertisements, and deliver services. Web Beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information; they are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about website usage. Web Beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of page view and a description of the page on which the Web Beacon resides.  
JavaScript: We may also use JavaScript within certain advertisements. JavaScript is a computer language that enhances the functionality of websites, particularly in respect to pictures. We do not collecting any personal data via JavaScript but use it to analyze and improve Our Website’s functions.  
IP Addresses. Our web server automatically records and subsequently tracks and recognizes the user’s IP address and the Web page from which you came. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you. We also use IP addresses collected to help diagnose problems with our servers and to better serve you.  
Computer Profiles. We may also collect and accumulate other anonymous data which will help us understand and analyze the Internet experience of our visitors. For instance, We may accumulate visitor data relating to referring domain names, the type of browsers used, operating system software, screen resolutions, color capabilities, browser plug-ins, language settings, cookie preferences, search engine keywords and JavaScript enablement. When you provide us with Personal Identification Information, we are able to use such visitor data to identify you.  
No Information Collected from Children. Company will never knowingly collect any Personal Information about children under the age of 13. If Company obtains actual knowledge that it has collected Personal Information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be immediately deleted from its database. Because it does not collect such information, Company has no such information to use or to disclose to third parties.

**3\. How We Use the Information Collected.**

Providing Services and Payment for Advertising. We use the information we gather on our Website for the purposes of providing the services, improving our Website and its ranking in the internet search fields. We also use the information to distribute articles about products and services that are of interest to you. We use the information to obtain payment from advertisers. Finally we use the information to provide you with customer service.  
Improving our Website. We use the information we gather on the Website to respond to any inquires you make; operate and improve our Website, improve and create a positive user experience; and obtain payment from owners of the products and services advertised on our Website. Our services include the display of personalized products, content, and advertising relating to your experience and interests. The information we gather on this Website may be shared with other companies under common ownership with ours throughout the world.  
Public Posting. Information you post in public areas of our Website or place in the searchable database will be accessed, used, and stored by others around the world, including those in countries that might not have legislation that guarantees adequate protection of personal information as defined by your country of residence. By providing your personal information for inclusion in our database, you acknowledge that you consent to your information being used as described here. While use commercial industry standards to safeguard your information from unauthorized access or inappropriate use by third parties, we do not control these third parties and we are not responsible for their use of information you post or otherwise make available in the public areas of our Website. Please be sure you do not post sensitive information in these areas.

**4\. Disclosure of Information to Others.**

We disclose to third parties throughout the world your personal information, combined personal, demographic, behavioral or indirect information, as set forth below:  
Product and Service Delivery. We may share your information with third parties for the delivery the products and services you have requested. We disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform technical functions on our behalf. Examples include third parties who host our Website, analyze our data, provide marketing assistance, process credit card payments, advertisers and customer service. These companies and individuals may not share that information with any other third party or use that data for any other purpose.  
Third Party Products and Services. We may disclose such information to third parties to provide you with information about the opportunities, products or services of third parties. We use the data and data logs we have about you, including interests and preferences you have expressed, to determine whether you might be interested in the opportunities, products or services of a particular third party. This type of marketing may be in the form of email or mobile offers sent to you by third parties or their agents.  
Anonymous information. We also share aggregated anonymous information about you and other persons using our Website with third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the Website and how those visitors use the Websites. This includes demographic information and behavioral information.  
Legal Process. We disclose information if legally required to do so, or at our discretion pursuant to a request from a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith – after considering your privacy interests and other factors – that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect our rights or property or our affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.  
Acquisition or Merger. We may disclose and transfer information to a third party who acquires any or all of our business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event we become the subject of an insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, we or our liquidator, administrator, receiver or administrative receiver may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the court. You will be notified of the sale of all or a substantial portion of our business to a third party by email or through a prominent notice posted on the Website.  
Again, in each of these situations, the recipients of your data may potentially be located in any country in the world.

**5\. Third Party Use of Your Information.**

Third parties also collect and use information about you on our Website in the following ways:  
Advertiser cookies and web beacons. Advertising agencies, advertising networks, and other companies who place advertisements on the Website and on the internet generally may use their own cookies, web beacons, and other technology to collect information about you. We do not control the use of such technology and have no responsibility for the use of such technology to gather information about you.  
Hyperlinks. Our Website and email messages sometimes contain hypertext links to the websites of third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites. Such links are provided for your convenience and reference only. We do not operate or control in any respect any information, software, products or services available on such third party websites. The inclusion of a link to a website does not imply any endorsement of the services or the website, its contents, or its sponsoring organization.

**6\. Removal of your information – Opting Out.**

At your request, we will remove Personal Information that you have provided to us from our database. You may make such request by sending an emailing to us at privacy@thedailylifer.com. However, deleting Personal Information or otherwise opting-out of receipt of communications from us will only change or delete the data in our database for purposes of transacting future business on the Website and managing future communications from us and third parties under our control. These deletions will not change or delete Personal Information already collected as part of a particular transaction in our database, all as provided above in this Privacy Policy.

**7\. Security.**

We endeavor to safeguard and protect your information. When you submit information at the Website, such information is protected both online and offline. The servers in which we store Personal Information are kept in a secure physical environment. We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal information under our control. Currently, We use Secure Socket Layer Software (“SSL”) to protect data and to secure any transactions. SSL encrypts information, including credit card numbers, names and addresses as they are transmitted over the Internet. Please be advised that, although We take commercially reasonable technological precautions to protect your data, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, any transmission of data at or through this Website is at your own risk. We accept no liability for any breach of security or any unintentional disclosure, loss or misuse of any such information or data or for the actions of any third parties that may obtain any such information or data.

**8\. Changes to Privacy Statement**

We reserve the right to make material changes to the substance of this Privacy Statement. We will post those changes through a prominent notice on the Website so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it. Each policy or change is enforced from the date of posting forward. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to the posted policy.

**9\. California Resident Rights.**

California law permits California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use to request certain information regarding third parties to whom their information was shared once a calendar year. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year. To obtain this information from us, please send an email message to privacy@thedailylifer.com or at the address below with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response. In addition, California Residents have the right to know how we respond to their web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms. We do not respond to such signals or other mechanisms.

**10\. Contact US With Any Questions.**

Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or requests you have regarding our services or this Privacy Statement. We can be reached as follows:  
The Daily Lifer  
382 NE 191st St #85128  
Miami, FL 33179-3899  
(786) 475-6587  
privacy@thedailylifer.com
