> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thedostore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150530122114id_/http%3A//www.thedostore.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Lenovo : Privacy policy | Lenovo India | The DO Store

Net Distribution Services Private Limited (hereafter “NDSPL”) is committed to protecting the privacy of its visitors (hereafter the "Visitors," "you" or “your”) to our Internet world wide web site thedostore.com (hereafter referred to as the “Website”) that links directly to this privacy policy about the protection of personal information online. We aim for the Website to be a safe and enjoyable environment for you.

This privacy policy (hereafter the "Policy") primarily describes:   
the information that NDSPL collects through the Website, which is hosted and operated from India;   
the use and role of cookies and similar technologies on the Website; and  
the security measures NDSPL has in place to protect the information that NDSPL gathers through the Website.

This Policy does not govern NDSPL’s collection of information through any website, or by any other means, other than through this Website, or the collection of information by any parent, or subsidiaries of NDSPL ("Other Entities").

Visitors are encouraged to read this Policy before using the Website. By using the Website, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy and the Terms and Conditions, available at thedostore.com. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy and the Terms and Conditions, please do not use the Website.

1\. Information Gathered by the NDSPL Through the Website.

NDSPL gathers two basic types of information through the Website: (i) "Personal Information," information from which an individual can be identified, and (ii) "Aggregate Information," from which an individual cannot be identified.

a. Personal Information. You are not ordinarily required to register or provide Personal Information in order to access the Website, though certain functionalities such as a membership program, through which purchasers of products may receive discounts on online purchases, participating in any contests, etc., may require registration. NDSPL collects Personal Information from you only when you voluntarily provide it to NDSPL - for example, in contacting NDSPL through the Website, filling in the form for applying for a vacancy or while requesting for a visit to the manufacturing plant of NDSPL, or exploring business opportunities with NDSPL, answering surveys and polls, entering contests, sweepstakes, raffles and similar promotions, signing up for email updates and announcements concerning the NDSPL’s products and special promotions, and purchasing the NDSPL’s merchandise. Personal Information may include your contact information (such as your name, postal address, telephone numbers and/or email address), as well as your payment information, such as credit card number and expiration date ("Payment Information"), which will be collected if you wish to purchase any product or merchandise made available through the Website ("Transaction").

  
b. Aggregate Information. When you visit the Website, the NDSPL and the third parties with whom the NDSPL has contracted to provide services, may collect anonymous information from three sources: server log files, cookies, and pixel tags. 

1\. Server Log Files. Your Internet Protocol (IP) address is an identifying number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). This number is identified and logged automatically in the NDSPL’s server log files whenever you visit the Website, along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) that you visited. IP addresses of all Visitors are used by the NDSPL to calculate the Website usage levels, to help diagnose problems with the Website's servers, and to administer the Website. NDSPL may also use IP addresses to communicate or to block access by Visitors who fail to comply with the Policy and/or the Terms and Conditions of Use of the Website. Collecting IP addresses is a standard practice followed on the Internet and is carried out automatically by many websites.

2\. Cookies. Cookies are data that a web server transfers to an individual's computer for record keeping purposes. Cookies are an industry standard used by most websites, and help facilitate users' ongoing access to and use of a particular website. Cookies do not cause damage to the computer system or files, and only the website that transfers a particular cookie to the computer system can read, modify or delete such cookie. If you do not want your information to be collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure to be followed, in most of the browsers, by the user that allows the user to delete existing cookies, automatically decline cookies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer of particular cookies to the user’s computer system. You should note, however, that declining cookies may make it difficult or impossible for you to access certain portions of the Website.

3\. Pixel Tags. The Website may use so-called "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs" or similar means (collectively, "Pixel Tags") to compile aggregate statistics about Website usage and response rates. Pixel Tags enables NDSPL to maintain a count of the users who have visited certain pages of the Website. When used in HTML-formatted email messages, Pixel Tags can tell the sender whether and as to when the email was opened and read by the receiver of the e-mail.

2\. Use and Disclosure of Information Gathered By NDSPL Through the Website.

a. Personal Information. NDSPL may use Visitor’s Personal Information in any of the following ways:

1\. Communications. NDSPL encourages the Visitors to contact NDSPL with questions and comments. Personal Information may be used by NDSPL in order to respond to the respective Visitor’s questions and comments.

2\. Business Purposes. NDSPL may also use the Personal Information of its Visitors for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing its businesses. The Personal Information collected from the Website may be combined with other information collected by NDSPL via other online or offline sources, with demographic information and other information that is available in the public domain.

3\. Transactions. When you take part in a Transaction through the Website such as purchasing products or merchandise, NDSPL may collect Payment Information from you related to such Transaction as well as other Personal Information such as shipping address for shipping of the ordered products or merchandise purchased through the Website. NDSPL may use your Personal Information or Payment Information in order to complete the Transaction and, if applicable, to fulfill your purchase. The Payment Information may also be shared with the third parties, as may be necessary, to complete your Transaction (for example, to process the payment made through the credit card).

4\. Contests, Competitions and Other Promotions. From time to time, contests, competitions and similar promotions may be organized through its Website that may require online registration by the Visitor for participating in such contest, competition or promotion (which may include name, email, user ID and password). NDSPL may ask you for certain Personal Information during the process of registration for participating in such contest, competition or promotional schemes. NDSPL may share this Personal Information with third party sponsors of such contests, competitions and promotions (irrespective of whether it is hosted by NDSPL), in accordance with the rules applicable to such contest, competition or promotion. You should carefully review the rules of each contest, competition and promotion in which you participate through the Website, as they may contain certain additional important information about NDSPL or a sponsor's use of your Personal Information. To the extent that the terms and conditions of such rules concerning the treatment of your Personal Information enlarge the scope of use of such information in terms of this Policy, the terms and conditions of such rules shall also apply.

5\. Special Promotions and Product Information. In addition, NDSPL reserves the right to use your Personal Information for sending you the e-mails of updates and announcements concerning NDSPL’s products and special promotions. You may opt-out of receiving these messages from NDSPL at any time (see Section 5 “Choice” below).

6\. Critical Communications. NDSPL may from time to time and as may be necessary use your Personal Information to send emails consisting of important information regarding the Website, your Transactions, or for notifying any amendments or modifications to the terms, conditions, and policies of NDSPL with respect to use of this Website ("Critical Emails"). Since Critical Emails would consist of important information you shall not have the option of not receiving Critical Emails.

7\. Third Party Service Providers. NDSPL works with third parties who provide services, including website hosting, credit card processing, data analysis, newsletter services, promotional activities, and other administrative services. NDSPL may share your Personal Information, including your Payment Information, with such third parties, as may be necessary, for the purpose of enabling such third parties discharge the provision of such services. Your Personal Information may also be shared with the manufacturer of the products ordered/ purchased by you on the Website or with entities responsible for delivering the products ordered / purchased by you on the Website.

8\. Miscellaneous. NDSPL may disclose your Personal Information if NDSPL believes that it is required to do so: (i) by law; (ii) to comply with legal process or governmental requests; (iii) to enforce the Terms and Conditions of Use; (iv) to protect our operations; (v) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of NDSPL, you or others; and (vi) to enable itself to pursue the available remedies or limit the damages that it may sustain.

  
b. Aggregate Information. NDSPL may analyze Aggregate Information in order to enhance the Website security, track the popularity of certain pages of the Website, track success of our email notifications, assess traffic levels on the Website and other usage data, all of which would help NDSPL to provide content tailored to the interests of the consumers, improve the Website and related services and to otherwise enhance Visitor’s experience on the Website. NDSPL may also share the Aggregate Information with its Other Entities and other third parties for provision of such services or for completion of your Transactions on the Website.

3\. Other Important Notes Regarding NDSPL’s Privacy Practices.

a. Special Note for Parents and Children. Website and the contents therein are intended for a general audience and not intended for utilization directly or independently by children under 18 years of age. If you are a child under the age of 18 years and desire to use this Website or purchase any products or merchandise (if sold through this Website) , please request your parents to complete the necessary registration formalities and complete the Transaction. Any use of this Website or any of its features by a child under the age of 18 years must be under parental supervision. NDSPL does not directly contact children under the age of 18 years for promotion of its special offers or for marketing purposes. NDSPL also does not knowingly collect Personal Information from any child under the age of 18 years.

b. Security. NDSPL has adequate security measures and tools in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under NDSPL’s control. Whenever any Visitor furnishes his/her credit card number, that credit card number is transmitted by the Visitor’s browser in an encrypted format using industry-standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption method. Even though, NDSPL endeavors to protect its Visitor’s Personal Information, NDSPL cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to NDSPL, through or in connection with the website. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with NDSPL is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with NDSPL has been compromised), you must immediately notify NDSPL of the problem by contacting us in accordance with "Contact Us," below (note that physical mail notification will delay the time it takes for NDSPL to address and respond to the problem).

c. Other Third Party Sites. The Website may contain links to third party websites. These linked sites (including the web sites of NDSPL’s Other Entities) are not under the control and supervision of NDSPL and NDSPL shall in no way be responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any such third party linked websites, or any information contained in any linked websites. NDSPL provides such links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link on the Website does not imply endorsement of the linked website by NDSPL . If you furnish your Payment Information or other Personal Information through any such third party website, your transaction will occur on such third party's website (and not the Website) and the Personal Information you provide will be collected by, and controlled by the privacy policy of, that third party. It is important that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of any such third parties, before furnishing any Personal Information or Payment Information on their websites.

d. Assignment. NDSPL reserves the right to transfer any and all information that it collects from the Visitors to a third party in the event of any merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of NDSPL’s assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).

4\. Updating Your Information and Contacting Us. NDSPL has adequate procedures in place to keep your Personal Information accurate, complete and up to date for the purposes for which it is collected and used. You may review the information maintained by NDSPL and wherever appropriate, you may request NDSPL that such information be corrected. NDSPL also provides an option for reviewing, correcting, updating or otherwise modifying information, you have previously provided, for which, you may send a mail at the following postal mail address:

The Compliance and Legal Officer  
Net Distribution Services Pvt Ltd  
A 302 Dipti Classic  
32/34 Suren Road  
Andheri East  
Mumbai 400093  
India  
Or email legal@ndslindia.com  
  
Please clearly indicate the information that you wish to review or have changed. NDSPL will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably possible.  
Note that despite any removal of or change to Personal Information requested there may also be residual information that will remain within NDSPL’s databases and other records, which will not be removed or changed. 

5\. Choice. From time to time, NDSPL may ask you to indicate whether you are interested in receiving emails and other information from NDSPL or not. If you elect to receive these communications, NDSPL will occasionally send you emails or other information that match your requests and offer you promotions and coupons.   
If at any time you wish to stop receiving these email communications from NDSPL, you may put up a request for discontinuation of sending of such e-mails by emailing, calling or writing to NDSPL using the contact information provided on the Website or by using the unsubscribe feature in the email received by you. Please indicate that you wish to stop receiving email communications from NDSPL. However, you shall not have the option of discontinuing the receipt of Critical Emails from NDSPL.  
In addition, NDSPL does not disclose your Personal Information to third parties, including NDSPL’s subsidiaries and the holding companies, for third-party's direct marketing purposes if NDSPL has received and processed a request from you that your Personal Information should not be shared with third parties for such purposes. If you would like to submit such a request, you may do so by emailing, calling or writing to NDSPL using the contact information provided above. Please indicate that you request that NDSPL should not disclose your Personal Information to its subsidiaries and/or other third parties for direct marketing purposes. 

6\. Changes to This Policy. NDSPL reserves the right to change this Policy, and any of its policies or procedures concerning the treatment of information collected through the Website, without prior notice. You can determine when this Policy was last revised by referring to the "Last Updated" legend at the top of this page. Any changes to the Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Policy on the Website. Use of the Website following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy, then in effect. NDSPL encourages you to bookmark this page and to periodically review it to ensure familiarity with the most current version of the Policy.  
This Policy represents the sole, authorized statement of NDSPL’s practices with respect to the collection of Personal Information through the Website and the manner of use of such information by NDSPL. Any summaries of this Policy generated by third party software or otherwise (for example, in connection with the Platform for Privacy Preferences or "P3P") shall have no legal effect, shall not be binding on NDSPL, shall not be relied upon in substitute for this Policy, and neither supersede nor modify this Policy.

7\. Consent Amendments; Law. By using this Website, you consent to the terms of this Policy and to the use and management of Personal Information and Payment Information by NDSPL for the purposes and in the manner herein provided. Should this Policy change, NDSPL intend to take every reasonable step to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting the updated Policy on the Website.  
Your visit and any dispute over privacy are subject to this Policy. The said Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of India. Further, it is irrevocably and unconditionally agreed that the courts of Delhi, India shall have exclusive jurisdiction to entertain any proceedings in relation to any disputes arising out of the same.   
  
This Policy © 2013 Net Distribution Services Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.
