> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thedomesticbuzz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110601231228id_/http%3A//thedomesticbuzz.com/contact-me/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | The Domestic Buzz

**Website Visitors**  
Like most website operators, I collect non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. My purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how visitors use the website. From time to time, I may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the website.

I also collect potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. I do not use such information to identify visitors, however, and do not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that I use and disclose personally-identifying information, as described below.

**Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information**  
Certain visitors to the The Domestic Buzz website choose to interact with it in ways that require me to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that I gather depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, I ask visitors who enter a contest to provide an email address. Those who win a giveaway, for example – are asked to provide additional information, such as a personal address. In each case, I collect such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with my site. I do not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

**Aggregated Statistics**  
I may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to The Domestic Buzz. For instance, I may monitor the most popular posts on my site or use spam screened by the Akismet service to help identify spam. I may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, I will not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information**  
I disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on my behalf or to provide services available on my website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of these affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using the Riding With No Hands website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. I will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to affiliated organizations, as described above, I will disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when I believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Riding With No Hands, third parties or the public at large. If you send me a question or request, I reserve the right to publish it in order to help me clarify or respond to your request or to help support other readers. I take all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

**Cookies**  
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. I use cookies to help identify and track visitors, their usage of the The Domestic Buzzwebsite, and their website access preferences. The Domestic Buzz visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the website, with the drawback that certain features may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

**Privacy Policy Changes**  
Although most changes are likely to be minor, I may change The Domestic Buzz’s Privacy Policy from time to time, and in my sole discretion. I encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
