> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thedailyshow.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-04-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010410022520id_/http%3A//thedailyshow.com/privacy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Comedy Central: Privacy Statement

|  | 

|   
---  
  
ONLINE PRIVACY STATEMENT 

Comedy Partners ("Comedy Partners", "We" or "Us") has created this Privacy Statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Comedy Partners web sites (the "Comedy Central Site"). 

We gather certain information that you provide to us, some passively and some actively, and we want to ensure that all users of the Comedy Central Site are aware of exactly how and for what purpose that information is being used. Comedy Partners believes that the information you provide to us is essential to your enjoyment and successful use of the Comedy Central Site. Our collection of information enables us to provide you with a personalized web experience, and assists our sales team and advertisers in efficiently reaching an appropriate audience. The information we request is the minimum we believe necessary to achieve this goal. 

  1. _What data does Comedy Partners collect?_
    1. Certain data is automatically collected from all visitors to the Comedy Central Site. This data includes your IP address, your computer's operating system, and the type of browser you use to surf the Internet. Your IP address tells us both your Internet Service Provider (ISP) and the general geographic location you are connecting from. We may also use your IP address to track the date and time you accessed the Comedy Central Site, how long you stayed on the Comedy Central Site, and what pages you visited. If you have configured your browser with your e-mail address, this data may also be available to us. 
    2. Comedy Partners makes use of cookies on its sites. A cookie is a file transferred from a website to the hard drive of your computer so that the website may track your activities on the website. Cookies, by themselves, do not let a website know any personally identifying information about you, such as your real name, address, etc., unless you previously provided that information at the website or have set your preferences in your browser to provide that information. Comedy Partners is not generally interested in any one individual and does not collect personally identifiable information about any one person using cookies. Cookie technology allows Comedy Partners to keep track of your selections on the Comedy Central Site and to try to make sure that you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Cookies are also used to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so that you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Comedy Central Site. 
    3. To access the Comedy Central Site, you do not have to provide any personal information. Some features of the Comedy Central Site do request personal information of you before granting access, however. 
      1. If you wish to participate in the chat features offered on the Comedy Central Site, you will be asked to create a nickname and password to be used when logging into the chat room as well as for your e-mail address, first and last names and zip code. Providing your real name and zip code is completely optional and omitting this information in the registration form will still enable you to access the chat features. You will also be asked whether you want to receive information about Comedy Partners and site updates via e-mail. If you opt for this feature, you must provide a valid e-mail address during the registration process. 
      2. The Comedy Central Site maintains public message boards. Posting to these message boards does not require you to register with Comedy Partners. When posting to these message boards, you can do so under a pseudonym or not provide an e-mail address. If you do choose to post this information, please be aware that Comedy Partners cannot control and assumes no responsibility for the collection, use or misuse of this publicly accessible information by other visitors to the Comedy Central Site. 
      3. The Comedy Central Site has a newsletter distributed via e-mail. If you choose to subscribe to this feature, you must provide a valid e-mail address. Your e-mail address will be used only by Comedy Partners for the distribution of the newsletter and any promotions or marketing that we feel may be of interest to you and will not be divulged to any third party, except as required by court order. To no longer receive newsletters from us, reply to any e-mail you receive from us with the word "REMOVE" on the subject line. 
      4. Occasionally, Comedy Partners will request you to fill out a user survey. Such surveys are optional to you, the users, but these surveys allow Comedy Partners to better understand the demographics and interests of our users. Your responses in combination with the responses of our other users help Comedy Partners to improve the Comedy Central Site and attract sponsors and advertisers. Should you choose to participate in such a survey, please note Comedy Partners' policies regarding the sharing of user information with third parties as stated in paragraph 3. If and when Comedy Partners does choose to share its user information, it does so only in the aggregate such that the third party will not be able to identify any individual user. 
      5. Comedy Partners may, occasionally run contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions sponsored by Comedy Partners or our partners and sponsors. If you are identified as a winner, Comedy Partners may request your name and mailing address. This information is used only to deliver your prize(s) and will not be used for any commercial or unrelated purpose. 
      6. If you contact Comedy Partners through the regular mail or via e-mail, Comedy Partners may keep a record of that correspondence. Any personally identifiable information on your communication will not be used for a commercial or unlawful purpose. 
      7. Comedy Partners does not control the acts of its users. All users should be aware that, when they disclose personal information such as their actual name, e-mail address, etc., the information may be collected and used by others to send that person unsolicited e-mail from other parties outside Comedy Partners. 
    4. **The privacy of minors.** Comedy Partners believes that it is particularly important to protect the privacy of minors online. Comedy Partners defines a "minor" as any person under 13 years of age. Comedy Partners does not share personal information about minor users with third parties, and Comedy Partners does not sell or rent personal information about any of our users, regardless of age. 
  2. _How does Comedy Partners use your information?_

Comedy Partners puts the non-personally identifiable information passively gathered whenever you visit our sites and the personal information that you voluntarily provide to several uses. 

    1. Your IP address is used to assist us in diagnosing problems with our server, to administer the Comedy Central Site and to provide information to our sponsors and advertisers. 
    2. Comedy Partners may use the information you provide to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users and to analyze how and where to invest our resources. 
    3. Comedy Partners may use personal contact information voluntarily provided by you for promotional and/or marketing purposes. 
    4. [Demographic and profile data is used to tailor our users' experience at the Comedy Central Site, directing users to content we think may be of interest to that user, and displaying content for which the user may have shown a preference.] 
    5. Both our internal sales team and outside advertising firms may utilize the information you provide us to better tailor your experience on the Comedy Central Site. Without the data collected, Comedy Partners would not know what the most popular regions of the Comedy Central Site are, Comedy Partners would not be able to provide an effective forum for our sponsors to advertise in, nor would Comedy Partners be able to measure which promotions are successful. 
  3. _What information does Comedy Partners share with third parties?_
    1. User information, including but not limited to demographic information, may be shared on an aggregate basis with affiliates, partners, advertisers or other third parties as may be necessary. 
    2. At no time will Comedy Partners impart to third parties individual users' e-mail addresses or other individual personal information unless required to do so by law or to protect the rights of Comedy Partners. 
    3. Companies that place advertising on our sites may have the ability to assign you a **separate** cookie while you are accessing the Comedy Central Site. We do not control these cookies, nor do we have access to this information. We contract with DoubleClick to sell and manage the advertisements that you see on the Comedy Central Site. DoubleClick makes available both its policies and information practices at www.doubleclick.net. DoubleClick may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy). 
    4. Comedy Partners encourages all third parties to adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our users, but Comedy Partners does not assume any responsibility for any actions of third parties. 
    5. Comedy Partners responds to subpoenas, warrants or other court orders regarding information that is contained within our access logs concerning any user. Comedy Partners also reserves the right to release the information concerning a user who we believe is in violation of our content guidelines, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order. Comedy Partners cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our servers for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any illegal activity to law enforcement for prosecution. 
  4. _Financial information._ Financial information may be requested of you either as part of an online survey the results of which are to be used for demographic analysis purposes or in conjunction with the purchase of goods and services from the Comedy Central Site. Financial information will not be shared with anyone outside of Comedy Partners other than general information on an aggregate basis. 
  5. _How do I opt-out, remove, change, or modify my information?_

You have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at any time. To remove, change or modify any information you have provided to us from our database, or to no longer receive our service, please make such a request by e-mailing [mail@comedycentral.com.](mailto:mail@comedycentral.com) To no longer receive communications from us, reply to any e-mail you receive from us with the word "REMOVE" on the subject line. We will use all reasonable efforts to meet your request within seven (7) days. 

  6. _**Kids policy.**_ The safety of children is very important to Comedy Partners, and Comedy Partners recommends that parents review our Privacy Policy before allowing their children to access the Comedy Central Sites, especially the chat and message board areas. Children should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to anyone online. They should also be instructed not to fill out any forms or register at any domain without a parent's knowledge and consent. Comedy Partners does not share personal information about users under the age of 13 with third parties. 
  7. _How does Comedy Partners protect the user data it collects online?_

Comedy Partners employs a number of physical, electronic and managerial safeguards to protect collected user data. 

  8. _Disclaimers._
    1. All users should be aware while using any service where you disclose personal information online voluntarily, including in chat areas, on message or bulletin boards, or through e-mail, that such information can be collected and used by others. If you use these services on the Comedy Central Site and voluntarily provide any information on our bulletin boards or in chat areas, you do so at your own risk. Comedy Partners cannot make any representations regarding the security of such transfer of information. 
    2. You should be aware that the Comedy Central Site contains links to outside sites. Comedy Partners is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. 
    3. Comedy Partners reserves the right to change or modify this policy at any time by posting such change or modification on this page. The protection of user information is one of the guiding principals behind Comedy Partners. Because of that stance, you will be notified via e-mail of any changes to the Privacy Policy regarding the way personally identifiable information is used. 
  9. _Contacting Comedy Partners_  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of the Comedy Central Sites, or your dealings with the Comedy Central Site, please contact [mail@comedycentral.com.](mailto:mail@comedycentral.com)



Comedy Partners reserves the right to change this policy at any time, and users should check this page regularly for such updates. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party.
