> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thedutchmarketer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140407155341id_/http%3A//thedutchmarketer.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - HTTP://THEDUTCHMARKETER.COM

Your privacy is important to TDM Global Marketing LLP the owner of **thedutchmarketer.com** (site)

To protect your privacy this statement explains our online information policy and tells you how your information is collected and used.

Please understand you may well have rights under your state’s laws. These laws may strengthen, or at least compliment, any privacy rights you have already have under Federal law. We comply with the privacy policies of all 50 states (as far as we know), but you should contact us to assert any state’s law

Protecting the privacy of children is critical. TDM Global Marketing LLP never collects information from anyone under 18, assuming TDM Global Marketing LLP has reason to believe she or he is under 18.

Your IP address used to access our website may be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is used to analyze trends, track users’ movement, and garner demographic information for statistical assessments.  However, we do not allow IP addresses to be linked to personally identifiable information.

Other information that may be garnered by TDM Global Marketing LLP is the  source that referred you to our website, he time you spend on our website, your destination when you leave our website, the type of operating system  you are using, as well what web browser you are using.

You should assume that our website uses cookies; you are free to make adjustments in your web browser to disable these.  Refusing some cookies may cripple some of our website features, however.

One illustration of limited access is where some content is protected by a username and password. Whether a username and password is generated by us or by you, they will be connected with other information related to you.  The username and password will be tied to other account data. Any personal information you provide to others is wholly you decision. As an example, a blog post that you may consider “private” information is in fact “public” and we have no control over that.

TDM Global Marketing LLP may collect personal and private information from you to conduct our business.  If so, we will not share such information with other parties unless you authorized us to do so. There are instances where your information is shared with email service providers, but they are limited in how they use your information, and they cannot sell or transfer it to others in any way.

However, we may share information about our website visitors as a whole, not individually, with third parties for various purposes, in our sole discretion.

Illegal activity or other serious acts or allegations could create legal liability for our **TDM Global Marketing LLP**.  In those cases, we reserve the right to share your and we may be compelled to do so by law. On the other hand, there may be times when TDM Global Marketing LLP needs to share your private information to protect our own interests. For instance, in cases of alleged copyright infringement or other intellectual property violations, it may be necessary to share personal information.

Google may use cookies to serve ads on **thedutchmarketer.com**. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other websites on the internet. To opt out of the DART cookies, go to <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html>.

Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s privacy policies. Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies.

We have included links on this website for your own use and TDM Global Marketing LLP is not responsible for privacy policies on these websites. Their privacy policies may differ from our own.

COPYRIGHT WARNING: The legal notices and administrative pages on this website, including this one, have been drafted by the Law Offices of Douglas Slain in October, 2012. TDM Global Marketing LLP has paid to license the use of these legal notices and administrative pages for your protection and ours.  This material may not be used in any way for any reason; unauthorized use is policed via Copyscape to detect violators.

QUESTIONS/COMMENTS/CONCERNS: If you have any questions about the contents of this page, or simply wish to reach us for any other reason, you may do so by using our Contact information.

TDM Global Marketing LLP

51 Portland Road

Kingston Upon Thames , Surrey , KT1 2SH, United Kingdom

support@tdmglobalmarketing.com
