> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thedrinkshop.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190706232925id_/https%3A//www.thedrinkshop.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy : TheDrinkShop.com

## Privacy Policy:

**General Data Protection Regulation.**

Effective from 25th May 2018. This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 24th 2018 and is version 1.0, and is in-line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679: a regulation in EU law on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union.

TheDrinkShop.com Ltd is the Data Controller. This is the legal entity responsible for how your personal data is collected, stored and processed.

When you share your personal information with us, you have a right to expect that information to be treated with total confidentiality. Therefore, it is our responsibility to manage your personal data that you provide to us with care and in accordance with all data protection legislation and industry best practice.

What information do we collect from you?

Information you provide us: we receive and store information that you submit when using our website or that you provide us in any other way (for example by email or telephone). This information may be provided when ordering from us (via our website or by telephone); entering competitions; registering an account on our website; accessing your account; querying order status; or by submitting reviews of our products. Information automatically provided: we receive, process and store certain information whenever you interact with our website. Like many websites, we use 'cookies' and obtain certain information automatically when your web browser accesses our website. Information automatically received by us includes the IP address that your computer uses to connect to the internet; your computer, which browser you use, your operating system and internet connection details; purchase history, clickstream/path analysis of your journey through our website; and products you searched for. We may also use software tools to measure and collect session information, length of visits to certain pages, repeat visits and page interaction information (such as clicks). Email communications: to help us make our email newsletter more useful and interesting for our customers we attempt to receive a confirmation when you click on email newsletters from us (if your email software/service supports this option). If you no longer wish to receive email newsletters, please notify us using the links provided in each newsletter.

Why do we use this information?

We may use personal information provided by you in order to conduct appropriate anti-fraud checks and to confirm you are of legal age if purchasing alcohol. Personal Information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency, which may keep a record of that information. When you place an order with us, or interact with our website we may ask you for certain information and you may submit personal data to us, for example your name, phone number, postal address, email address, contact and bank/credit card details (not recorded or stored). We may record which products you are interested in and which products you purchase, as well as customer traffic patterns and site use. To ensure that your credit, debit or charge card is not being used without your consent, we will validate name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases. By accepting these terms and conditions you consent to such checks being made. In performing these checks personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information. You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, that a credit check is not performed and that your credit rating will be unaffected. By placing an order you are giving permission to pass on the necessary details to our nominated fulfiment partner to enable delivery of your order. In order to dispatch your order our nominated fulfiment partner will pass only the necessary data to the appropriate carrier for delivery & tracking and to provide customer support services to you and with an up to date, efficient, and reliable service. We use the latest security measures to protect your details when you shop with us. We use 128-bit SSL Software to encrypt your credit/debit card information when you place an order on our secure server, which means that only we are able to decrypt the information in order to process your transaction. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. In order to complete your order we may need to disclose some of your information to our delivery partners. If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or our safety or the safety of our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

How long do we keep hold of your information?

Customer Account: After five years of inactivity your account will be deactivated and your personal information anonymised. Orders: To comply with legal and contractual obligations we keep these records for at least seven years. After that point, if the associated user account is deactivated, any personal information in the order will be anonymised.

How can I access the information you hold about me?

The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.

* * *

**More contact and Policy information**
