> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the theeroticreview.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-11-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181106223815id_/https%3A//www.theeroticreview.com/info_policies/privacyPolicy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Erotic Review - Escort Reviews

## Privacy Policy

##### This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 24, 2018, and it completely replaces all previous Privacy Policies of The Erotic Review (www.theeroticreview.com), and the company that owns it, Treehouse Park, S.A.

  1. OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY. The Erotic Review (www.theeroticreview.com), and the company that owns it, Treehouse Park, S.A. (collectively, “TER,” “us,” or “we”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its subscribers, visitors, and other users of TER. We created this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to give you confidence as you visit and use TER, and to demonstrate our commitment to lawful, fair and transparent information practices and protection of privacy. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to TER, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from TER, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy. (We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site which you choose to access from TER.) This Privacy Policy describes how we use information received from and about you when you subscribe to or visit TER. As TER expressly and strictly limits its membership and/or viewing privileges to adults 18 years of age older (and of the age of majority under the laws of the place from which you access TER) we do not knowingly seek or collect any personal information or data from persons who have not at least attained the age of 18. 
  2. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT. Personal information is information that can be used to identify an individual. 
  3. USER-PROVIDED INFORMATION. In order for you to access certain sections of TER, and in particular, subscriber services, we may require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information we collect is limited to the following categories of information: 
    * Customer Name
    * User e-mail address
    * User Name
By joining or using TER and voluntarily providing us with your Personal Information you give us your express consent to process and maintain your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. TER does not directly collect Financial Data (such as your credit card number and related information), which is instead collected and maintained by third party credit card processors (such as CCBill, RocketGate, SegPay and others). The credit card processors do not voluntarily share your Financial Data with TER except such limited information as is necessary to activate or maintain your subscription to TER, in the event of some problem with your subscription or in the event that fraudulent activity is discovered or suspected. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policies of any credit card processors which processes the credit card you used to subscribe to TER. 
  4. TRAFFIC DATA COLLECTED. We automatically collect and track the following categories of information when you visit TER which is necessary for use of the site, or which helps enhance your user experience: 
    * IP addresses
    * Domain servers
    * Referral URLs
    * type(s) of devices accessing TER
    * types of web browsers used to access TER (collectively “Traffic Data”)
Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes and for improving your experience on TER. 
  5. USE OF COOKIES. When you visit TER, we may send one or more “cookies” to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser session. Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user’s device or computer. Among other things, TER uses cookies to improve site navigation, to customize content specific to your interests, to ensure that you do not see the same advertisement repeatedly, to provide general internal and user web analytics reports, to conduct research, to assist in identifying possible fraudulent activities, and to store your encrypted password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit TER. TER uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. If you remove a persistent cookie, some of the TER’s features may not function the way you have come to expect them to function. We reserve the right to utilize information collected during the registration process, and from users who voluntarily provide us information such as comments, feedback, and United States’ Digital Millennium Copyright Act notices you send to us ("Voluntary Users"), in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Privacy Policy. 
  6. HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION. The primary uses for any Personal Information collected by us is to confirm your membership so that we may provide you with site services and to communicate with you. We also use your information to deliver customized services to you; for user support purposes; and for efforts to monitor and help ensure against fraud, harassment, and spamming. We also use your email address to send you information about TER and its services, or promotional material from some of our partners, or to contact you when necessary. We may also have your credit card processor confirm that your Financial Data is valid, accurate and current (without actually sharing it with TER) to verify your qualifications for certain services and to assure that you are properly billed for such services. Unless you voluntarily provide such Financial Information to TER, we do not maintain or have access to your name, physical address, credit card number or other private information you may have shared with your credit card processor. We may use your demographic data to customize and tailor your experience on TER, displaying content that we think you might be interested in and according to your preferences. Non-personal and aggregate demographic data may be used in order to geographically customize our marketing efforts or to generally customize the use of TER for an aggregate group of customers. 
  7. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION. We will not share your Personal Information, except in the limited ways described in this Privacy Policy. We may share Personal Information as follows: 
    * To comply with the law or other legal obligations such as responding to a regulation, court order or subpoena, or other requests from public and government agencies, including laws and other legal obligations outside a party’s country of residence;
    * When we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of TER, its owners, employees, agents or affiliates, or our Users;
    * To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual unlawful activity or violations of TER’s Terms of Use Agreement; and
    * With your consent.
Please note any Personal Information that you voluntarily disclose on TER (including chat dialogue, email, images, or video content) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. Any content that you submit to TER may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public. We remind you not to post anything that identifies you, your location or address, your email address or your telephone number, and not to post anything that you may not want to be reposted elsewhere or be used by other users of TER. 
  8. HOW LONG WE KEEP INFORMATION. We will retain Personal Information for as long as you are a member or user of TER, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. 
  9. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) satisfy our legal obligations to cooperate with law enforcement or other investigating agencies; (c) satisfy any laws or regulations, or, governmental or legal requests for such information; (d) protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of others; or (d) enforce our Terms of Use Agreement. Your Personal Information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties. We provide you with the capability to transmit your Personal Information via secured and encrypted channels if you use a similarly equipped web browser. Please note: Should you deliberately upload or link to any illegal material (including anything which constitutes, assists with or references child pornography or human trafficking), in the event that a crime (including, but not limited to, a fraud-related offense) is committed or is suspected, if we are compelled to do so by lawful criminal, civil, judicial or administrative processes or orders, discovery requests, subpoenas, warrants, writs, or reasonable request of authorities or persons with the reasonable power to obtain such process or orders, TER specifically reserves the right to disclose any and all information to law enforcement or other legal authorities with the power, right or ability to compel TER to provide information. In particular, please note that TER will cooperate with any law enforcement agency that is investigating the exploitation of children, minors or others incapable of protecting themselves. We take measures, including data encryption, to protect the transmission of all sensitive user information. We make every reasonable effort to help ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, and use commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your Personal Information. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-parties from illegally “hacking” into our computers and obtaining this information. You assume the risk of such breaches to the extent that they occur despite our reasonable security measures. 
  10. CHOICES. You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information or you may withdraw your consent to use your Private Information at any time by providing us with a written request to remove your Private Information. In such an event, you may still be able to access and use the public areas of TER; however you will not be able to access and use those portions of TER that require your Personal Information. Users can configure their browser to reject cookies, or to notify it when a cookie is set. However, if you reject cookies, the website’s services may not operate properly or as you have come to expect. 
  11. ACCESSING, EDITING AND DELETING PERSONAL INFORMATION. We maintain an Account Manager in order to help you confirm that your Personal Information remains correct and up-to-date. At any time, you may visit the Account Manager to update your personal profile or Personal Information. Through the Account Manager you may: (a) review and update your Personal Information that we have already collected; (b) choose whether or not you wish us to send you information about TER, or promotional material from some of our partners; and/or (c) choose whether or not you wish for us to share your Personal Information with third parties. You may also contact us at [support@theeroticreview.com](mailto:support@theeroticreview.com) to request that we update, correct, or remove the Personal Information collected by TER. 
  12. LOST OR STOLEN INFORMATION. You must promptly notify us if your user name or password is lost, stolen, or used without permission. In such an event, we will remove that user name, or password from your account and update our records accordingly. (Note that TER never requests or possesses your credit card information, so you must promptly notify CCBill, RocketGate, SegPay or any other credit card processor you use if your credit card is lost, stolen, or used without permission. If you receive an email or any other communication from TER requesting your credit card information, delete it as it is an attempt at “phishing”). 
  13. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES. TER contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We also make public areas (such as chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups) available to you. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information in areas intended to be viewed by others. 
  14. UPDATES AND CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy and other agreements, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on TER and without any other notice to you. As a courtesy, and without any obligation to do so, we may also notify you by email at the address you have provided to us. Please register your current email address at [support@theeroticreview.com](mailto:support@theeroticreview.com). Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on TER. You should periodically check for any modifications of this Policy by re-visiting this web page. An updated or edited version of TER’s Privacy Policy supersedes any prior versions immediately upon posting. 
  15. YOUR RIGHTS. If you are located in certain countries, including those that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), data protection laws give you rights with respect to your Personal Data. In particular, you have a right of access, rectification, restriction, opposition, erasure and data portability. Please contact us if you wish to exercise these rights. If you wish to complete an access request to all Personal Information that TER maintains about you, please note that you will be required to prove your identity. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union Member State of your residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement if you believe that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the GDPR. 
  16. HOW TO REACH US. If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, want us to correct your Personal Information, want to withdraw your consent to our use of your Personal Information, want to request a copy your Personal Information or you would like to contact us about any of the rights mentioned in the Your Rights section above, please contact us via e-mail at [support@theeroticreview.com](mailto:support@theeroticreview.com). 



Unfortunately it looks like your attempt to purchase VIP membership has failed due to your card being declined. Good news is that we have several other payment options that you could try.

, you are now a VIP member!

We thank you for your purchase!

, Thank you for becoming VIP member!

Membership should be activated shortly. You'll receive notification!
