> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the theeuropean-magazine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190401113355id_/https%3A//www.theeuropean-magazine.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - The European

The European takes the protection of your personal information very seriously and the responsible handling of your data is a top priority for The European. Your personal data will be protected by The European for collection and use in accordance with applicable data protection regulations. Below you will find information on what data is collected on our homepages www.theeuropean, www.m.theeuropean and theeuropean-magazine.com – commonly known as The European – and how it is used.

**Responsible and general information**  
The service provider within the meaning of the Telemedia Act (TMG) and the responsible body within the meaning of the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) is the WEIMER MEDIA GROUP GmbH, to which the website theeuropean.de, m.theeuropean.de and theeuropean-magazine.com belong. This document contains an explanation of how we handle personal information.

**1\. Collection and processing of personal data**  
We appreciate your visit to our website and your interest in our content. The protection of your privacy is important to us. Typically, you can use online services that do not require payment or registration without providing personal information. By accessing our website, log files are collected and stored on our server for backup purposes.  
These are:  
\- Browser type / version  
\- Operating system used  
\- Reference URL (previously visited website)  
\- IP address (host name of the accessing computer)  
\- Time of the server request  
These data may possibly allow identification, but no personal exploitation will take place in this regard. They can be evaluated for statistical purposes, whereby the individual user remains anonymous.  
Personal data will only be collected if you give it to us by yourself, such as. as part of the newsletter registration or by sending emails, requests or requests.  
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures.

**2\. Cookies and similar technologies**  
Cookies are small files that your browser places on your device in a designated directory. Through them u.a. Determine if you have visited a website before.  
Ads are mostly provided by third parties. They may use information about your visits, if approved by your device settings, to show ads about products and services that may interest you. Concrete contact information such as your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number will not be transferred under any circumstances.  
Web analytics services, such as Google Analytics, may use cookies and similar technologies if your device settings permit it. This allows for an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information about your use generated thereby is regularly transmitted to a server of the web analysis service and stored and processed there. More about web analytics services can be found below.  
Most browsers accept cookies automatically. However, you can set your browser so that no cookies are stored or an explicit consent is required before saving a cookie. In addition, you can delete previously set cookies at any time. Please note that turning off cookies may result in restrictions when using our online services.

**3\. Google: analytics services and other Google services**

A. Google Analytics  
Use of Google Analytics is subject to the terms agreed between the German data protection authorities and Google in 2011. The following text also comes from this agreement. For more information about Terms of Use and Privacy, please visit [https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TRkEAAW&status=Active](https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TRkEAAW&status=Active "google privacyshield"). Google’s privacy policy can be found at: https://policies.google.com/privacy. The European uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you.  
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, if IP anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened by Google beforehand within member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address provided by Google Analytics as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible.  
You can prevent the collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google by using the following link <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en> download and install the available browser plugin.  
This website uses the extension “gat_anonymizeIp ()”, so that the IP address is processed only shortened, in order to prevent anonymized collection a reference back to individuals.  
By using this website, you consent to the processing of your data by Google in the explained manner and for the purpose explained.

B. Google Remarketing  
This website uses the remarketing feature of Google Inc. (“Google”). This feature is designed to show interest-based ads to visitors to the site through the Google Network. The website visitor’s browser stores so-called “cookies”: text files that are stored on your computer and that allow visitors to recognize them when they visit websites that belong to the Google ad network. On these pages, visitors can then be presented with ads that relate to content that the visitor previously visited on websites that use Google’s remarketing feature. Google says it does not collect any personal information during this process. However, if you do not wish to use Google Remarketing, you can opt out by using the appropriate settings at <https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/2662856?hl=en#everywhere>. Alternatively, you can disable the use of cookies for interest-based advertising through the Network Initiative by following the instructions at [http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/ "Opt Out Remarketing"). For more information about Google Remarketing and the Google Privacy Policy, please visit: <https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en>.

C. Google Adsense  
This website uses Google AdSense. It is a service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, for the inclusion of advertisements. Google AdSense uses cookies. These are files that the PC Google can use to analyze the data of your use of our website. In addition, Google AdSense uses additional web beacons, invisible graphics that allow Google to analyze clicks on this site, traffic on it and similar information.  
The information obtained via cookies and web beacons, your IP address and the delivery of advertising formats are transmitted to and stored by Google on a server located in the USA. Google may share this information with third parties, if required by law or if Google commissions data processing to third parties. However, Google will merge your IP address with the other stored data.  
With the appropriate settings on your Internet browser you can prevent the mentioned cookies from being stored on your PC. However, there is the possibility that the contents of this website can no longer be used to the same extent. By using this site, you consent to the processing of personal data by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

D. Google Web Fonts  
This site uses so-called web fonts, provided by Google, for the uniform representation of fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.  
We have these Google Web Funds locally stored on our server. For your safety, however, we would like to point out that the browser you use can connect to Google’s servers. As a result, Google learns that our website has been accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web Fonts is in the interest of a consistent and attractive presentation of our online services. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.  
If your browser does not support web fonts, a default font will be used by your computer. More information about Google Web Fonts can be found at <https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq> and in Google’s Privacy Policy: <https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en> and [www.google.com/settings/ads](https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated "Google Settings").

**4\. Social Media**

A. Facebook Pixel  
Our website uses Facebook’s visitor action pixel for conversion measurement, Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). This way, the behavior of the site visitors can be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook ad. As a result, the effectiveness of Facebook advertisements can be evaluated for statistical and market research purposes and future advertising measures optimized.  
The collected data are anonymous to us as the operator of this website, we can not draw conclusions about the identity of the users. However, the data is stored and processed by Facebook so that a connection to the respective user profile is possible and Facebook can use the data for its own advertising purposes, in accordance with the Facebook data usage directive. As a result, Facebook can enable ads to be displayed on Facebook and outside of Facebook. This use of data can not be influenced by us as the site operator. Please refer to the privacy policy of Facebook for more information on how to protect your privacy: <https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/>. You can also disable the “Custom Audiences” remarketing feature in the Ad Settings section of <https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen>. To do this, you must be logged in to Facebook. If you do not have a Facebook account, you can opt-out of Facebook-based advertising on the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s website: [http://www.youronlinechoices.com](http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ "Your Choices").

B. Twitter  
Twitter is a microblogging service provided by the American company Twitter, Inc. (795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107). If you use The European, e.g. To call up one of our web pages that contains a Twitter button, your browser will also establish a direct connection to the Twitter servers and load the button from there. The information is transmitted to Twitter that an online service has been called. Even if you are not logged in, Twitter can collect and save usage data as needed. If you click on the Twitter buttons and “twitter” information via the opening Twitter window, you can forward the tweeted information to Twitter. This information will then be published in your Twitter user profile.  
Further information on the collection, analysis and processing of your data by Twitter as well as your related rights can be found in the privacy policy of Twitter, which can be found at <https://twitter.com/en/privacy> is retrievable.

C. Google+  
The European homepage also includes Google+ buttons on the social network “Google+”. This social network is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. The Google+ button is recognizable by the “+1” sign.  
If you e.g. If you visit one of our websites that contains a Google+ button, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Google servers and loads the button from there. The information is transmitted to Google Inc., that the corresponding page on The European was called. The content of the “+1” button is sent directly to your browser by Google and incorporated into the website by Google, so we have no control over the amount of data Google collects from the button Click on the button no personal data collected Only with logged in members of the social network Google+ data, among other things the IP address, are collected and processed.  
If you are a Google+ member and do not want Google to associate data with your Google + account when you visit The European, you must log out of Google+ before visiting The European. We do not know if and when you’ve used the Google+ button, but only receive aggregate, non-personal statistics about using the Google + button from Google. For details of what Google collects for its own purposes and information on how to further process and use the data, please read Google’s Privacy Policy at <https://developers.google.com/+/web/buttons-policy>.

D. YouTube  
Our website uses plugins from the Google-powered YouTube page. Site operator is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. When you visit one of our YouTube plug-in-enabled sites, you will be connected to the servers of YouTube. It tells the YouTube server which of our pages you’ve visited. If you’re logged into your YouTube account, YouTube will allow you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.  
The use of YouTube is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.  
Further information on how to deal with user data can be found in the privacy policy of YouTube under: [https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=de](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=de "Privacy Youtube").

**Social Media Privacy Policy**  
It is currently not legally clear whether and to what extent all networks offer their services in accordance with European data protection regulations. We therefore expressly point out that the services used Facebook, Twitterr, Google+ and YouTube store the data of their users according to their data usage guidelines and use for business purposes. We have no influence on the data collection and its further use by the social networks. For example, there is no information on the extent to which, at what location and for what duration the data is stored, to what extent the networks comply with existing deletion obligations, which evaluations and links are made to the data and to whom the data is passed on.

**5\. Newsletter**

The newsletter is distributed via “MailChimp”, a newsletter shipping platform of Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave # 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA. The e-mail addresses of our newsletter recipients, as well as their other information described in these notes, are stored on the MailChimp servers in the USA. MailChimp uses this information to send and evaluate the newsletters on our behalf. Furthermore, MailChimp may, according to its own information, use this data to optimize or improve its own services, e.g. for the technical optimization of the shipping and the presentation of the newsletter or for economic purposes, to determine from which countries the recipients come. However, MailChimp does not use the data of our newsletter recipients to address them themselves or to pass them on to third parties. We rely on the reliability, IT and data security of MailChimp. MailChimp is certified under the US-EU privacy shield “Privacy Shield” and is committed to complying with EU data protection requirements. The Privacy Policy of MailChimp: [https: //mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/](https://web.archive.org/web/20190401113355id_/https%3A//www.theeuropean-magazine.com/https "Mailchimp private policy"): //mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.

A. Content of the newsletter  
We send newsletters, e-mails and other electronic notifications with advertising information (hereinafter “newsletter”) only with the consent of the recipient or a legal permission. Insofar as the contents of a newsletter are concretely described, they are authoritative for the consent of the users. Incidentally, our newsletters contain information about the digital economy and all its branches (this may include, in particular, references to articles, advertisements, white papers, or online appearances).

B. Double opt-in and logging  
The registration for our newsletter takes place in a so-called double opt-in procedure. That After registration, you will receive an e-mail asking you to confirm your registration. This confirmation is necessary so that nobody can register with external e-mail addresses.  
The registration for the newsletter will be logged in order to prove the registration process according to the legal requirements. This includes the storage of the login and the confirmation time, as well as the IP address. Similarly, the changes to your data stored with MailChimp will be logged.

C. Statistical survey and analyzes  
The newsletters contain a so-called “web-beacon”, i. a pixel-sized file that is retrieved from the MailChimp server when the newsletter is opened. This call will initially collect technical information, such as information about the browser and your system, as well as your IP address and time of retrieval. This information is used to improve the technical performance of services based on their specifications or audience and their reading habits, based on their locations (which can be determined using the IP address) or access times.  
Statistical surveys also include determining if the newsletters will be opened, when they will be opened and which links will be clicked. For technical reasons, this information can be assigned to the individual newsletter recipients. However, it is neither our desire nor that of MailChimp to observe individual users. The evaluations serve us much more to recognize the reading habits of our users and to adapt our content to them or to send different content according to the interests of our users.

D. Online call and data management  
There are cases when we direct the newsletter recipients to the MailChimp websites. For example, Our newsletters contain a link that allows the newsletter recipients to retrieve the newsletters online (for example, in the event of problems with the e-mail program). Furthermore, newsletter recipients may store their data, such as correct the e-mail address later. Similarly, the privacy policy of MailChimp is only available on their page.  
In this context, we point out that on the websites of MailChimp cookies are used and thus personal data processed by MailChimp, their partners and service providers used (for example, Google Analytics). We have no influence on this data collection. For more information, see the privacy policy of MailChimp. We have, in addition to the opposition opportunities in data collection for advertising purposes on the websites [http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN](http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN "Opt our Webchoices").

E. Termination / revocation  
You can terminate the receipt of our newsletter at any time, ie. Revoke your consent. At the same time, your consent to sending it via MailChimp and the statistical analyzes expire. A separate revocation of the dispatch via MailChimp or the statistical evaluation is unfortunately not possible. A link to cancel the newsletter can be found at the end of each newsletter.

**Legal basis Data Protection Ordinance**  
In accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO), which will apply from 25 May 2018, we inform you that the consents to the sending of e-mail addresses on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a, 7 DSGVO and § 7 (2) no. 3 and (3) UWG. The use of the mail service provider MailChimp, carrying out the statistical surveys and analyzes as well as logging the registration process, are based on our legitimate interests in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. We are interested in using a user-friendly and secure newsletter system that serves both our business interests and the expectations of our users. We further point out that you are the future processing of your personal data in accordance with the statutory requirements. Art. 21 DSGVO can contradict at any time. The objection may in particular be made against processing for direct marketing purposes.

**6. DISQUS comment function**  
We set based on an efficient, secure and user-friendly comment management acc. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. DSGVO the commenting service DISQUS offered by DISQUS, Inc., 301 Howard St, Floor 3 San Francisco, California 94105, USA. DISQUS is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement, which provides a guarantee to comply with European data protection law: <https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TRkEAAW>.

To use the DISQUS comment feature, users can log in using their own DISQUS user account or existing social media accounts (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, or Google). In this case, the log-on data of the users is obtained from DISQUS by the platform.

We only embed DISQUS with its features on our website, releasing users’ comments based on “Our European Knigge”: http://www.theeuropean.com/leserbrief-knigge. However, users enter into a direct contractual relationship with DISQUS, in which DISQUS processes users ‘comments and acts as point of contact for any deletion of users’ data. Please refer to DISQUS privacy policy: <https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy> and also inform the user that DISQUS not only stores the comment content, but also the IP address and the time of the comment, as well as setting cookies on users’ computers and using them to display advertisements. However, users may object to the processing of their data for the purposes of displaying ads: <https://disqus.com/data-sharing-settings>.

**7\. Offers from third parties**  
The European uses the marketing offer of third parties. This includes

A. BusinessAD  
On The European are ads of the online marketer BusinessAD involved. The displayed advertising content is controlled and delivered by BusinessAD in content and technology. The European collects and uses in this context no personal data. About the collection and use of usage and other data, BusinessAD informs as the responsible entity in the privacy policy (only avaliable in german language): <https://www.businessad.de/sites/default/files/import/current/pdf/Datenschutzerkl%C3%A4rungsempfehlung.pdf>.

B. Outbrain  
On some pages of The European is a so-called Widget of Outbrain UK Limited based in London involved. The Outbrain service serves to point out to our users content that is related to the content read by the user. If the user has not opted-out (see below), the content displayed in the widget will also be selected based on the content that the user has recently viewed on the website in question. Outbrain uses cookies for this purpose.  
The content displayed in the widget is controlled and delivered by Outbrain in terms of content and technology. The European does not collect and use personally identifiable information in connection with the Outbrain widget. Outbrain, as responsible body, provides information on the collection and use of usage and other data: <https://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy#privacy-policy>. There you also have the opportunity to oppose the use of usage and other data for specific purposes opt-out. Content recommendations in the widget will no longer be controlled by Opt-out based on usage data collected by Outbrain.

**8\. Data transmission to third countries**  
We ourselves do not transfer your personal data to countries outside the European Economic Area. The integration of Google Analytics and the associated data transmission complies with a procedure agreed with the German data protection authorities. Whether third parties with whom you have your own contractual relationship (such as Facebook, if you have a Facebook account) transfer data to countries outside the European Economic Area is beyond our knowledge and influence.

**9\. Links to websites of other providers**  
Our online offer contains links to websites of other providers. We have no control over the compliance of these providers with the privacy policy.

**10\. Use, deletion and disclosure of personal data**  
Personal data will only be used by The European if you have provided us with personal data. We use these only for answering your inquiries, sending out the newsletter and for technical administration. They will not be disclosed to third parties without explicit consent, unless The European is required by law or court order to disclose. The deletion of stored personal data takes place when you revoke your consent to storage or when you are no longer required to fulfill the purpose of the storage.

**Your Consent**  
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.

**Feel free to contact our data protection officer if you have any questions:**

WEIMER MEDIA GROUP GmbH  
Data protection  
Seestraße 16  
83684 Tegernsee  
Phone: +49 (0) 8022 70 44 443  
Fax: +49 (0) 8022 70 44 445  
Mail: datenschutz@weimermedia.de

June 2018
