> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thefind.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630082915id_/http%3A//www.thefind.com/main/PrivacyPolicy.fhtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - TheFind.com - Shopping Search Reinvented - What can we find for you?

THIS PRIVACY POLICY OUTLINES THE PRIVACY PRACTICES WE FOLLOW AT THE WEB SITES, APPLICATIONS, AND SERVICES OPERATED BY THEFIND, INC. (“THEFIND”), INCLUDING THEFIND.COM, GREEN.THEFIND.COM, LOCAL.THEFIND.COM, THEFINDBUZZ.COM, GLIMPSE.COM, COMPARE.THEFIND.COM, RETAILERCENTRAL.THEFIND.COM, COUPONS.THEFIND.COM, SHOPTRUE.COM, SHOPLIKE.COM, AND APPLICATIONS “SHOPPING BY THEFIND”, “SHOPPING SEARCH BY THEFIND”, “GLIMPSE BY THEFIND”, AND “CATALOGUE BY THEFIND”. IT ALSO SETS FORTH OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES IN CONNECTION WITH OUR BLOGS KNOWN AS THEFIND BLOG (BLOG.THEFIND.COM) AND THECLICK (THECLICK.THEFIND.COM). WE REFER TO ALL OF THESE SITES, SERVICES, AND APPLICATIONS TOGETHER AS (THE “SITES”)

## NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS – YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS:

If you are a California resident, you have the right to receive: a) information identifying any third party company(ies) to whom we may have disclosed, within the past year, personal information pertaining to you for that company's direct marketing purposes; and b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. To obtain such information, please email your request to privacy@thefind.com and include the words “California Privacy Rights” in the subject header. 

## HOW DO WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU?

Browsing and Searching: We collect certain information from you when you browse and place searches on our Sites. For example, this information may include the web site that you just came from and identity of the web site you go to next, the type of browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web, allowing web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate and browse on the Internet. We may also collect the date and time of your visit, the number of visits and searches you make, your server type, your operating system type, the country, state and telephone area code where your servers are located, the pages and page titles of our Sites that you viewed during your visit, whether your computer is enabled for Java or cookies or other applications and plug-ins, and any search terms you enter on our Sites. We use this information on an aggregated basis to determine our visitor's preferences and interests and to research our visitors' demographics and pages viewed. We will use this information to improve our marketing efforts, to analyze and track the use of our Sites, to administer our Sites, to improve our Sites' offerings and to customize our Sites' offerings, content, layout and services. We may also place Cookies on your computer when you visit our Sites. How we use Cookies is described below.

Account Setup or Registration: If you set up an account with us, or register to use any of our applications or services, we may ask you for personally identifiable information. We may use your information to contact or identify you, as well as to administer your account or the services provided to you. The kind of personally identifiable information we may collect and store include: email address, password, name, address, telephone number, credit card information, as well as information about your use of and interests in various products and services. We may also use your email address and other personal information to send you promotional materials.

Blogs: If you leave comments on any of our blogs, we may ask you to provide us your email address. We may use your email address to send you promotional materials and to communicate with you concerning our Sites.

Social Networking, Third Party Services, and Applications: You may engage with our Sites, our content, and our services through 1) third party social networking sites such as Facebook, 2) third party social media plug-ins and applications, and 3) our own social media plug-ins and applications, such as “Glimpse by TheFind,” that may be available through our Sites or through third party sites. You may also choose to link your account with us to third party social networking sites. When you use third party social networking sites, social media plug-ins or applications, we may have ongoing access to certain information from your social media profile. This information may include your photo, name, user ID, email address, birthday, gender, your location, your list of friends, people you follow, people who follow you, the posts or the 'likes' you or your friends make, content viewed, information about advertisements you are shown or clicked on, and other similar information. We may store this information about you and other users of the third party sites may be able to see this information. This information may help us personalize your and your friends’ online experience with us within and outside our applications or sites. It may also help us contact you or your friends directly or through the social networking sites with special offerings and personalized marketing information. For example, items you view or add to your Catalog on the “Glimpse by TheFind” Facebook application or at Glimpse.com may be added to your Facebook timeline or activity history. Photos or images that you add or upload to the Glimpse.thefind.com site or through the “Glimpse by TheFind” application are added to your Facebook photo album and are public by default. Catalogs that you may create using the Glimpse.thefind.com site or our other social networking applications are viewable by others. By using any of our media plug-ins or applications, you consent to the use of such information as described. Your use of any functionality made available to you by a third party through our Sites or through the third party service or social network may result in information being collected about you by the third party and we may share your information with the third party services. The third party's use of that information may be subject to its own restrictions. We make no promises as to the third party's intended uses or security. The actual information that we may obtain from the social networking sites may depend on what privacy settings selections you have made on those social networking sites.

If you have an account with a third party service that has features available on our Sites, such as Facebook, and you later terminate your account with the third party service, we may retain information about you that we obtained through your use of the third party service and we may continue to use your information to send you and your friends promotional materials or to communicate with you and your friends about our Sites.

Favorites and Recently Viewed Items: As a feature of our Sites, you may have the ability to add products, stores, brands and other offerings to your "favorites" so that you can more easily retrieve them later. We will also keep track of items, stores and brands that you have recently viewed so that you can more easily view them again. We may use this information to serve relevant ads to you. If you have an account with us, we may send you promotional materials for products, stores and brands that are similar to those you have viewed in the past or added to your favorites.

Mobile Services: If you access any of our Sites from mobile or tablet devices or use any of our mobile or tablet device applications, we may collect information about your actual location through GPS or related data. We may store or use that information to provide you with location-based information and advertising or communicate with you concerning our Sites or mobile applications. Our mobile products and services may allow you to interact and share personal information and data with others. If you have an account with us and log in through your mobile or tablet device or with Facebook Connect or other social network, certain information and services from our products and/or personal content you share on your mobile device may be saved by us and associated with your online account and your third party social network accounts to personalize your experience online. For example, photos or images you upload to one of our applications using your mobile device may be added to your Facebook photo albums and such photos may be viewed by third parties or added to your Facebook stream, timeline or activity history. Also, mobile or tablet devices may have a unique ID that we will collect from you and save on our servers for future use. For example, we may use the unique IDs we collect to serve relevant advertising to you and to track your usage of device applications or notify you periodically. We may also use information we collect from your mobile or tablet device to provide information about user habits, statistics about how to improve the use of our services and to provide a better user experience. Requests may be sent through your mobile carrier's network and your carrier may have access to it. For information regarding your carrier's treatment of your information, please consult your carrier's privacy policies.

Feedback or Contact with Our Offices: If you provide feedback to us through the Sites or otherwise contact us, we may use the information you provide to us, including your name, telephone number, email address, and mailing address to communicate with you and to send you promotional materials.

## IF YOU ARE A MERCHANT

In addition to any other methods listed throughout this policy, there are several ways we collect and use information about you as a retailer. For example, when you set up a retailer account, we collect and use information that you provide to us. We collect and use information about you when you browse and search our sites. We may also collect and use information about you through information that we gather from your public websites. Listed below are the common ways that we collect and use retailer information.

Retailer Account Setup: If you set up a retailer account with us, you will provide us your email address and a password. We will not share this email address with our users. We will use the email address you provide to set up your account to communicate with you concerning your account and our sites. We may also send you retailer related promotional materials. You may also provide us with a phone number for your store, customer service contact information for your store and other information that you desire to be shared with our users. If you elect to do so, you may provide us with access to your product catalog that may include information about the products you sell. You may also provide us with coupons, special offers and other information to be communicated to users. All information you provide to us (except the email address associated with your account) will be used to generate search results for our users, to provide users with offers from your store, and to help users contact you.

Web Crawls: we scan the web to obtain information that is publicly available in order to provide shopping search results for our users. As a result, we may obtain any information about your store and your products that you make available to others on the web. We may store and index this information and make the information available to users who search for products on our sites. We may do this whether you have a retailer account or not.

## WHO COLLECTS INFORMATION ABOUT YOU?

In addition to our collection of the information listed above, others may also collect your information as you use our Sites:

Advertising Companies and Content Servers: Advertisements, pictures, product descriptions, search results and other content on our Sites may be served by third party ad servers or content servers. We may also use third party website analysis companies to analyze the usage of our Sites such as Google Analytics which may collect interest based advertising or third party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests). Google Analytics based on Display Advertising (e.g. Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Campaign manager) or other third parties may collect and pass along to us the same information listed under Browsing and Searching above as well as other information. They may also place their own Cookies or Web Beacons on your computer to help ads and other content to run, analyze site usage and to provide you with personalized on-line advertisements on our Sites or across the internet. For example we or third party vendors, including Google, may use first-party cookies (such as Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform (report your ad impressions to tell us how many ads were presented and clicked upon or what content was served or viewed and other uses of ad services), optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to our Sites. How they use Cookies and Web Beacons is described below.

Email Services: We may use a third party company to serve promotional emails that we send to our users. Images contained in the emails may be served by third parties. They collect certain information about you such as your IP address, browser type, your operating system, the country and server your computer is logged onto, where the servers that your computer is logged onto is located, the time and date that a particular email was viewed, the area code and zip code associated with your server, and whether you responded to a particular ad or email. They may use their own Cookies as well.

Third Party Websites and Social Network Sites: to the extent you engage with our sites, our content, and our services through 1) third party social networking sites such as Facebook, 2) third party social media plug-ins and applications, and 3) our own social media plug-ins and applications, such as “Glimpse by TheFind,” or “Catalogue by TheFind,” those third party websites connected with such services may collect and use your personal information and place their own cookies on your computer.

Internet Service Providers and Telephone Companies: if you use any of our applications through your computer or through your mobile device or telephone, your internet service provider, or your telephone company or communications carrier may have access to any information you access or view or that is sent over your mobile device or telephone. We have no control over how they may use your information. 

## WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?

We may share your information, including your personal information, with third parties who provide services to our Sites' visitors and to us. Those third parties include authorized contractors, temporary employees, consultants, ad servers and content servers, email service providers and other companies working with us (collectively, "agents"). Where we believe it to be appropriate (in our sole discretion), we will ask our agents not to disclose or use your personal information for purposes other than to provide services to us or to you.

We may share aggregated information concerning our users and their use of the Sites to other retailers and advertising companies.

We may disclose data about you to the government if we are required to do so or if we think the disclosure is appropriate; and you authorize these disclosures. We may also disclose data about you in connection with actual or potential lawsuits (a) if we are required to do so, (b) if such disclosures may potentially mitigate our liability, or (c) to enforce our rights.

We may disclose personally identifiable information about you to companies whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy such as other marketers, publishers, retailers, and other organizations that want to directly market products or services to you.

To the extent you engage with our Sites, our content, and our services through social networking sites or social media plug-ins and applications, we may share personally identifiable information with them in connection with such uses.

## COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS

When you visit the Sites, we along with our ad servers, content servers, and web site analysis agents will place small text files called "cookies" on your computer hard drive that we can retrieve when you visit the Sites again to make your visit more relevant and to retrieve information from prior visits. The cookies store information about the searches you have made, the items you have viewed, the favorites you have saved, your user name and other information. A cookie is a small file on your hard drive that allows us to display your search preferences and notification preferences whenever you visit our Sites. When we send you promotional emails through our email services providers, they may also place a cookie on your computer. You can block cookies by changing the settings on your browser, but doing so may prevent us from delivering certain services to you in an effective manner. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you.

A Web Beacon or action tag (also known as a clear gif or a pixel tag) is a method used to track responses or actions by users who view certain advertisements or other information on our Sites. Web Beacon are generally 1x1 pixel images embedded in a website page that are used to transparently collect information. Our ad servers, content servers, website analysis agents and email service providers may use Web Beacons in our Sites and advertisements to count the number of times that visitors click on a particular advertisement or visit the pages of our Sites and to provide information about what products are viewed or searched for or other similar actions taken. Without collecting any personally identifiable information, they use that data to tell us (and other advertisers across the internet) which ads are the most effective on particular Sites or emails. They also use the information for the purpose of targeting future campaigns across the internet and to you and for upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. For this purpose, we and our ad servers, content servers, and web site analysis agents, and third-party e-mail distributors note some of the pages you visit on our Sites through the use of Web Beacons.

## CHOICES REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

You may "opt-out," or unsubscribe from our emails or promotional materials by following any unsubscribe instructions in any e-mail, newsletter or personalized on-line advertisement you receive from us. If you open a new account or otherwise subsequently sign up to receive marketing materials, your opt-out will end unless you opt-out again by following the opt-out instructions in the promotional materials. To manage the information third parties such as social networking sites may receive, use and display from your use of our applications, you will need to follow the instructions at those sites for updating your information and changing your privacy settings as we have no control over their use of your information. For example users can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads by going to Google’s “Ad Settings”.

## LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES

The Sites include links to other web sites or resources ("External Web Sites"). For example, when you click on a particular product in search results you have obtained from our Sites, you will be taken to a third party site that will collect information about you. TheFind has no control over External Web Sites and they will independently collect and maintain information about you according to their own policies and practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those External Web Sites. If you have concerns about how other web sites collect and use information about you, make sure to read that site's own privacy policy and contact them.

## SALE OF THE COMPANY

We reserve the right to disclose your information, including your personal information, in the event that we are sold, in whole or in part, either as an entire corporate entity or through an asset sale that includes a customer information database. This right is reserved whether or not the customer database is sold independently of any continuing operations of our company.

## CHILDREN

In compliance with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), the Sites are not intended for anyone under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.

## NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES

This policy may be revised over time as new features are added to the Sites. We will post our new Privacy Policy, along with the date of its last revision, so that you will always know what information we gather, how we use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. Please check this web page for information about revisions to our Privacy Policy. If you would like to receive e-mail notification of any such changes, please contact us at customersupport@thefind.com requesting notification.

## CONTACT US

If you have any questions about this privacy statement the practices of TheFind Sites or your dealings with TheFind, you may contact: customersupport@thefind.com

Last updated 05/12/2014
