> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thefunnybeaver.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190615043401id_/http%3A//thefunnybeaver.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TheFunnyBeaver – Privacy Policy

TheFunnyBeaver.com Privacy Policy was last updated on June 15, 2018.  
We, TheFunnyBeaver.com and our corporate affiliates (“TheFunnyBeaver”, “we” or “us“), are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We believe in transparency, and we are committed to being upfront about our privacy practices. This Privacy Policy (“Policy“) explains which information we collect from you, when you (“you” or “your”, the user of our Services) access and use our websites (including www.TheFunnyBeaver.com) (the “Site“), as well as our platforms, widgets, analytics tools, and other technical applications that we may provide either through our Sites or through third-party websites or other products and services provided by us (which, together, are referred to as the “Services“), will be processed by us, and how we use such information and protect it. The Policy also wishes to make sure that you are aware of the options available to you when you access and use our Services.  
This Policy is a part of our Terms of Use found on our website. By using the Services, you consent to our collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this policy. This includes any information you choose to provide that is deemed sensitive under applicable law. This Policy only applies to TheFunnyBeaver”’s Services. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of any third-party websites or apps.  
Contact Details  
If you have any questions or concerns about TheFunnyBeaver”’s Privacy Policy or data processing or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact us at:

Email address: contact@thefunnybeaver.com

Export of Data  
By using the Services, you authorize TheFunnyBeaver” to transfer and use your information in USA and any other country where TheFunnyBeaver” operates. Please be aware that the privacy laws and standards in certain countries may differ from those applying in the country in which you reside. We will take steps to ensure that your information continues to enjoy appropriate protections.

The information we collect from your use of the Services and how we obtain it  
When you use or interact with our Services, we automatically collect certain information, such as: (a) anonymous encrypted code representing your Internet protocol (IP) address or your device identifier (if using a mobile device) and being used as a persistent identifier, your browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and version, device information; as well as (b) information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for, the frequency and scope of your use of the Services, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), the content you viewed (including advertisements you clicked on) and pages you visited, and cookie data.  
As such, the information we collect cannot be used to specifically identify you. Our Services do not collect any personal information, i.e. information about a natural person such as name, address, email address, phone number, or other identifier that permits direct or indirect identification of a specific individual.  
Tracking Methods. When you engage with advertisements that are displayed on the Services, TheFunnyBeaver”, third party advertisers and data service providers may use industry-wide tracking methods (e.g., cookies, web beacons, etc.) which store certain information (“Methods”) and which allow us or such third parties to collect certain data for the purpose of serving advertisements through the use of TheFunnyBeaver Services (including without limitation, serving advertisements that may be of interest to you). The Methods may store non-personal information as well as a persistent identifier. In such case, you will be subject to such third party advertisers’ privacy policy.  
Information collected by Cookies and similar technologies – A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s device for record keeping purposes. Cookies can only be read by the server that sent them, and they cannot read data from the hard drive. We or our service providers may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect and store certain information, such as your registration information, language preferences and other account settings. On our Services, we use cookies from the entities that adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance and that are listed under http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2#!/  
We may also use these technologies to recognize your browser type as you navigate on the Internet and to collect aggregate and statistic information about your online activity on our site, such as the web pages you visit, the links you click, and the searches you conduct on our site, all attributed to the persistent identifier in a manner that does not permit direct or indirect identification of you as a specific individual. This allows us to better serve you with more tailored information and facilitate your ongoing access to and use of the Services.  
Any data that we store in such cookies are encrypted for security purposes. We may allow our authorized service providers to access the information collected by cookies from our website to allow them to assist us in various activities, such as doing analysis and research on the effectiveness of our site, content and advertising.  
To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. You may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings. The “Help” function in the toolbar of most browsers should indicate how you can set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies or to disable cookies entirely. However, if you refuse to accept cookies, you won’t be able to access and take advantage of many features of our Services properly.

Collaboration with Google and other Third-party Ad Networks.  
We may collaborate with Google or other third party vendors or advertising networks as business partners. Google uses cookies to help serve the ads it displays on the websites of its partners, such as websites displaying Google ads or participating in Google certified ad networks. When users visit a Google partner’s website, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser.  
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website or other websites.  
Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on you visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet.  
You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings. Alternatively, you can opt out of some third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting info.  
Please be advised that the cookies of other third-party vendors or ad networks may also be used to serve ads on our website, and therefore, please be informed as follows:  
Third-party vendors and ad networks may serve ads on our site.  
The links to the vendor and ad network websites are as follows: http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2#!/

You may visit the foregoing websites to opt out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising (if the vendor or ad network offers this capability). Alternatively, you can opt out of some third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting info.

Information collected by third parties. We may allow third parties, including our authorized service providers, advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements on our site. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. Unless expressly stated otherwise, our website does not provide personal information to these third parties. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness. [Some of these third party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers end users a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies (www.networkadvertising.org).  
How we use the information we collect and store  
We respect your privacy. As explained above, TheFunnyBeaver does not collect any personal data or information that can identify you. We generally use the information that we collect and process to provide and improve our services and products, for targeted online and offline marketing, and for general research and aggregate reporting.  
We use information in the following ways:  
Information we collect.  
We use the information to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes and as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.  
The information helps us measure and research the effectiveness of the Services’ features and offerings, advertisements, and e-mail communications, and to improve them when necessary.  
We may also use it to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about services that may interest you or them.  
Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).  
Storage of Information. In addition, please be aware that we may host or store your data and information (including personally identifiable information) in the United States and other countries through certain third parties that we use to operate and manage the Site and Services, including, inter alia, Amazon Web Services (“AWS”). By using the Site, you acknowledge and expressly consent to the transfer and processing of your personally identifiable information in this way. We may store your information also after your membership has been terminated. Such information may be used for any internal purpose, such as quality control efforts or customer analysis.  
Respond and handle your questions and requests. – no storage of any contact information.

DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION  
We only share information with third parties in the following instances:  
When we received your consent. This includes sharing information with other service providers.  
With our affiliates. This relates to companies that are legally part of the same group of companies that we are part of, or that become part of that group.  
Third-Party Service Providers. We may make use of third party service providers in the course of collecting, storing and/or processing information. We use commercially reasonable efforts to engage with third-party service providers that post a privacy policy governing their collection, processing and use of non-personal and personal information. Please note, however, that we do not control such third party service providers.  
Non-Personally Identifiable Information. We may also share non-personally identifiable information that we collect under any of the above circumstances with our business partners, affiliates or other third parties to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our websites and on websites of third parties. We also may share aggregated information with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our website and the most popular features or services accessed. This information does not contain any personal information and may be used to develop website content and services that we hope you and other users will find interesting and to customize content and advertising.  
We may disclose information to third parties:  
If TheFunnyBeaver.com or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party.  
We may disclose information (i) as a response to a legal request (such as a court order, search warrant, or subpoena) if we believe that we are required to do so by applicable law; or (ii) when we believe that such disclosure or use is necessary in order to: reveal, prevent and address fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other illegal activities; enforce this Policy or our Terms of Use, including in order to investigate potential breaches; protect our rights, property or safety, or those of our users or from members of the public from harm, as required or permitted by law; and prevent death or imminent bodily harm. In such events, TheFunnyBeaver.com may disclose a name, address, country, phone number, email address and company name.  
TheFunnyBeaver.com is affiliated with a variety of businesses and works closely with them. These businesses may offer promotions (including e-mail promotions) or sell items or services to you through our Services. When an affiliated business is associated with your transaction, we may share information related to the transaction with that affiliated business to facilitate your transaction.  
DATA RETENTION  
We retain aggregated or anonymous data, which cannot identify an individual or device and is used for purposes of reporting and analysis, for as long as commercially necessary.

HOW DO WE SECURE YOUR INFORMATION?  
We consider data security a top priority and we do our best to keep your information secure. For that purpose, we:  
Encrypt many of our services using SSL.  
Employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems.  
Practice administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect the information you provide us.  
Please keep in mind that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. As a result, although we strive to protect your information, we cannot promise or guarantee that such information will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.  
Please also be aware that we may use third-party cloud service providers that provide hosting, data storage and other services pursuant to their standard terms and conditions that are generally non-negotiable; and accordingly, although we seek to conduct reasonable due diligence on such service providers, we may be unable to impose contractual obligations on them with respect to the measures they use to protect Personal Information.  
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section below.  
PROTECTION OF CHILDREN’S PRIVACY  
Our Services are not directed to children under 18.  
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY  
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy. Your continued use of our Services following the posting of changes to this Policy or providing notice to you, whichever occurs first, means that you accept those changes.  
GENERAL  
We reserve the right to discontinue or modify any aspect of the Services at any time. This Policy, together with our Terms of Use and any other legal notices published by us on the Site and in the Platform, shall constitute the entire agreement between us concerning the Services. If any provision of this Policy is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Policy, which shall remain in full force and effect, provided, however, that in such event this Policy shall be interpreted so as to give effect, to the greatest extent consistent with, and permitted by, applicable law, to the meaning and intention of the excluded provision as determined by such court of competent jurisdiction.
