> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thefader.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231222332id_/http%3A//www.thefader.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy « The FADER

You must read this [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy), and related documents (the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-use) and the [Acceptable Use Guidelines](https://web.archive.org/acceptable-use-guidelines)), carefully before accessing or using any of The Fader Web Sites (as defined in the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-use)). By accessing or using The Fader Web Sites, you agree to be bound by this [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy) and the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-use) and the [Acceptable Use Guidelines](https://web.archive.org/acceptable-use-guidelines) and all the terms and conditions set forth herein and therein. If you wish not to be bound by these terms you must navigate away from any of The Fader Web Sites now, and you are prohibited from accessing and using such Web sites until such time as you are willing to be so bound. If you use The Fader Web Sites in a manner inconsistent with this [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy), the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-use) or the [Acceptable Use Guidelines](https://web.archive.org/acceptable-use-guidelines) The Fader may terminate your access, block your future access and/or seek such other additional relief as The Fader, in its sole and reasonable discretion, shall determine. This [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy) may be modified per its terms. 

**1\. Information About Visitors to The Fader Web Sites**  
The Fader keeps track of The Fader Web Sites, and pages our visitors view within The Fader Web Sites, to enable The Fader to determine what sites and services are the most popular. This data can be used to deliver customized content and advertising to The Fader’s customers and other visitors to The Fader Web Sites whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a specific subject area. The Fader’s service may automatically gather certain usage information like the numbers and frequency of visitors to The Fader Web Sites and its pages, and The Fader will only use information gathered in this manner in the aggregate to enable The Fader to improve and better design The Fader Web Sites. 

To facilitate the above, The Fader Web sites may use a technology called “cookies” – small files attached to your Web browser – which tell The Fader how and when pages in The Fader Web Sites are visited, and by how many people. The Fader’s cookies do not collect personally identifiable information and do not combine information collected through cookies with other personally identifiable information, so users remain anonymous. The Fader may also provide statistical “ratings” information in the aggregate (and never about individual users personally) to The Fader’s partners about how visitors, collectively, use The Fader Web sites. 

**2\. Use of Cookies**  
Some The Fader Web Sites may use “cookies” to personalize users’ online experience. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to users’ computers. Cookies are uniquely assigned to individual users, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued such cookies. 

Among the primary purposes of cookies is to indicate to The Fader’s Web server that a particular user has returned to a specific page and enables The Fader’s Web servers to “remember” such users from prior visits – including any preferences such users may have established during such prior visits. This simplifies the process of recording personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, etc. When a visitor returns to the same The Fader Web site, the information previously provided can be retrieved, so that such visitor can easily use The Fader Web Sites’ features previously customized. 

Users have the ability and the right to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but users may be able to modify their browser settings to decline cookies or purchase third-party programs that provide such functionality. If a user chooses to decline cookies, such user may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of The Fader Web Sites visited. 

**3\. Use of Third Party Advertising**  
The Fader sometimes enters contracts to provide space on The Fader Web Sites to third-parties including advertisers. The Fader will never reveal users’ Personal Data (as hereinafter defined) or data about a user’s specific visits to The Fader Web Sites to such third-parties. The Fader reserves the right to provide information to such third-parties about visitors to The Fader Web Sites in the aggregate, absent any personally-identifying information. 

**4\. Information About You**  
The Fader may request specific information about a user when such user signs up to use a service or orders a product or other information through The Fader Web Sites. The Fader does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. The Fader does, however, require specific information to enable provisioning of such service or product, to bill for the same, and to enable The Fader to properly credit and maintain users’ accounts. Such information typically includes, but may not be limited to, name, age, Internet address or screen name, billing address, type of computer, phone number, credit card number, and other information of a personally-identifying and financial nature (collectively “Personal Data”). To the extent permitted by law and notwithstanding anything herein or in either the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-use) or [Acceptable Use Guidelines](https://web.archive.org/acceptable-use-guidelines) to the contrary, The Fader reserves the right to use such Personal Data to inform users of additional products and services which The Fader believes they might be interested in learning about. In the event The Fader exercises this right, users can opt not to receive such information by letting The Fader know on the registration screen when signing up for the product or service or through such other mechanism as The Fader shall make available. The Fader may ask users to identify their interests to enable The Fader to enrich users’ online experience; users may choose to respond or not. Additionally, The Fader may offer users an opportunity to be listed in a directory on one of The Fader-branded services; such listings are also optional and users can edit or delete their listing information at their discretion. 

The Fader takes all reasonable precautions to prevent unauthorized or illegal correlation of any user-sensitive data, such as Personal Data, race, religion, political affiliation, or sexual orientation, with personally identifiable data. 

**5\. Security of Users’ Personal Information & Personal Data**  
The Fader secures users’ Personal Data and other personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, and secures such information we receive from them on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Personal Data and other personal information is transmitted to other computer or Web sites, if at all, through the use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encrypted protection whenever possible. 

**6\. Third Party Disclosure**  
The Fader does not use or disclose information about users’ individual visits to The Fader Web Sites or personal data that they may provide The Fader, such as name, address, email address or telephone number, to any un-affiliated companies. The Fader may share with our The Fader Web Site partners aggregated ratings information about access to and use of The Fader Web Sites, however, and The Fader may utilize the services of trusted partners to assist in such statistical analysis. All such third parties are prohibited from using users’ personal information except to provide such services to The Fader, and are required to maintain the confidentiality of users’ information. 

The Fader never discloses personal information (including Personal Data) without notice to the owner of such information unless required to do so (i) by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with the law and legal process, (ii) in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to protect the safety of The Fader Web Sites user or other The Fader customer or the public generally, or (iii) in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights of The Fader, its affiliates and subsidiaries. 

**7\. Children & The Web**  
The Fader does not specifically target minors per se via its marketing and advertising efforts whether electronic or otherwise, and believes that minors should get their parents’ consent before giving out any personal or sensitive information whether over the Internet or otherwise. The Fader encourages parents to be engaged and proactive participants in their minor’s experience in cyberspace and otherwise, and to review important safety tips before their minor explores the Internet; The Fader also encourages minors to consult with their parents before giving out information of any kind about themselves and their families whether on the Internet or otherwise. 

**8.[Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy) Changes**  
The Fader reserves the right to update and change this [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy) in light of both industry best-practices, user comments and its own discretion with or without prior notice. In the event The Fader believes, in its sole discretion, that such changes materially change these policies, The Fader will provide notice of such proposed changes prior to their being implemented; such notice shall appear on The Fader Web Sites’ homepage (www.thefader.com). Users are responsible for periodically reviewing these policies to ensure their continued comfort as to The Fader’s handling of their confidential and identifying information, particularly their Personal Data. 

**9\. Enforcement**  
The Fader is happy to receive comments about and suggestions to improve this [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy). If a user would like to communicate his or her comments or suggestions, or believes The Fader has failed to abide by this [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy), such user is encouraged to contact The Fader at any of the following listings: 

The Fader 71 W 23 Street Floor 13 New York, NY 10010 

privacyconcern@thefader.com 

**10\. Rules of User Conduct**

User, by posting information in or otherwise using any The Fader-provided service that may be available to user on or through The Fader Web Sites, agrees not to upload, post, or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any content including, without limitation, text, software code (whether object, executable or otherwise), ../images, sounds, or other data or information that: 

1\. is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s privacy, tortious, contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts of a violent or threatening nature directed at another individual or group of individuals, or otherwise violates The Fader’s rules or policies;  
2\. victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, disability or any other protected status;  
3\. infringes on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other proprietary right of any other entity;  
4\. constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail (also known as “spamming”), chain letters, any other form of unauthorized solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling;  
5\. contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of any third party; or  
6\. fraudulently impersonates any person or entity, including any employee or representative of The Fader. 

User further agrees to refrain from “data mining” or otherwise gathering or collecting (whether through solicitation or otherwise) data or information about or regarding any other user of The Fader Web Sites whether to facilitate the transmission of unsolicited bulk electronic e-mail or otherwise. 

The Fader does not censor or edit content posted by users of The Fader Web Sites to The Fader Web Sites and meant, by the posting user, to be publicly available. The Fader does, however, reserve the right, whether itself or via its agents, to do so, and if in The Fader’s sole discretion it determines the need, to remove or otherwise edit any content that (i) does not comply with this [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy), the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-use) or the [Acceptable Use Guidelines](https://web.archive.org/acceptable-use-guidelines), (ii) is otherwise harmful, objectionable, or inaccurate, or (iii) violates the law of any political sub-division having jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, The Fader is not responsible for any failure or delay in removing or editing such content. 
