> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thefappening.pro privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191216150306id_/http%3A//thefappening.pro/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | #The Fappening

Privacy Policy: TheFappening (“TheFappening”) operates TheFappening.Pro and may operate other websites. It is TheFappening’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites. Website Visitors Like most website operators, TheFappening collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. TheFappening’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how TheFappening’s visitors use its website. From time to time, TheFappening may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. TheFappening also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on TheFappening.Pro blogs/sites. TheFappening only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left. Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information We Respect you email related Privacy!!! TheFappening will Save Subscriber IP Save IP address and time of new subscribers to comply with other country regulations! In some countries it’s required to save the IP address and the sign up time for legal reasons. TheFappening honors and supports the Do Not Track Respect users “Do Not Track” option on site and we do not track, unless our third party advertisement collects any information we cant control their privacy settings, how ever our server and site is setup to honor and fully function with the Do Not Track option in your browser. If subscribed to our site it will respect users option for not getting tracked. Read more above. Single-Opt-Out Subscribers instantly signed out after clicking the unsubscribe link in mails Certain visitors to TheFappening’s websites choose to interact with TheFappening in ways that require TheFappening to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that TheFappening gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at TheFappening.Pro to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with TheFappening are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, TheFappening collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with TheFappening. TheFappening does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities. Aggregated Statistics TheFappening may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. TheFappening may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, TheFappening does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information. Acknowledgement By accessing and viewing this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood these Legal Terms of Service. These terms can be modified by us at any time without notice. Automatic Logging For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer’s domain name and IP address to diagnose problems with our server and help identify you for on-line voting. Cookies We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, target ads, and help identify you for on-line voting. Use of Information Information collected by the server through cookies and other means will not be shared with anyone for any purpose. The sole purpose of it is to improve the site’s operations and content. External Links This site contains links to other sites. TheFappening.Pro is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. Contacts If you have any questions or concerns regarding the privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site feel free to contact us at on our contact page and fill out the form for prompt response. TheFappening discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on TheFappening’s behalf or to provide services available at TheFappening’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using TheFappening’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. TheFappening will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, TheFappening discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when TheFappening believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of TheFappening, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an TheFappening website and have supplied your email address, TheFappening may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with TheFappening and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. TheFappening takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. Cookies A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. TheFappening uses cookies to help TheFappening identify and track visitors, their usage of TheFappening website, and their website access preferences. TheFappening visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using TheFappening’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of TheFappening’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. Business Transfers If TheFappening, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that TheFappening goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of TheFappening may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy. Ads Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by TheFappening and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. Privacy Policy Changes Although most changes are likely to be minor, TheFappening may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in TheFappening’s sole discretion. TheFappening encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a TheFappening.Pro account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. Privacy Policy updated: 04/05/2019 
