> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thefilter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170627044401id_/http%3A//www.thefilter.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - The Filter

www.TheFilter.com (the “Site”) is owned and operated by Exabre Limited. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of your information by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, then do not use the Site.

## How We Store & Use Data

**HOW WE USE COOKIES**

Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites. We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience and track return visitor information. You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may stop our website from functioning properly.

**FUNCTIONAL COOKIES**

This Website Will:

  * Track the pages you visits via Google Analytics
  * Record your IP when you leave a comment on a post or page
  * Store cookies to verify if your login has been authenticated (when the account functionality is used)



**GOOGLE ANALYTICS**  
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.

Google Analytics uses cookies to help analyse how the website is used. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.

Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

**TARGETING COOKIES**

This Website Will:

  * Allow you to share pages with social networks such as Facebook



**REQUESTING A DOWNLOAD – EMAIL SIGN-UP**

By downloading any PDF or whitepaper from this website, you agree to your contact details being added to our sales list as a person or business with potential interest in The Filter products.

**THIS WEBSITE WILL NOT**

  * Share any personal information with third parties



**CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY**  
We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be posted on this page and, accordingly, we encourage you to check this page regularly. Your continued use of the Site following any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT**  
We may collect “personally identifiable information” from you. Although there could be many types of “personally identifiable information,” examples include your name, email address, postal address and telephone number.  
We may also collect “non-personally identifiable information.” Again, there could be many different types of “non-personally identifiable information.” Examples include your Web site browsing patterns, IP address and demographic information.

**HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION**  
We will use your personally identifiable information to respond to your requests.  
We use non-personally identifiable information for internal purposes, such as helping us understand traffic patterns on the Site. We may also share non-personally identifiable information in the aggregate form with third parties to illustrate trends and patterns.

We may share both personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information with parent, subsidiary or sister companies (collectively, “affiliates”) for the purposes described above. If we or one of our affiliates is sold to, or merges with, another company, or declares bankruptcy, some or all of the information collected from you may be transferred to a third party as a result of the transfer of assets. We may also disclose your information when we determine it is necessary to comply with applicable laws or protect the interests or safety of Exabre Ltd (d/b/a The Filter) or our managers, officers, employees, consultants or other visitors to the site.

Last Updated – 20th January 2017
