> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thegrantlife.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161104151811id_/http%3A//thegrantlife.com/disclosure) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure & Privacy Policy - the Grant life

##  Disclosure Policy

This policy is valid from 26 November 2011

*This blog is a personal blog written and edited by _Kelley Grant_ (thats me yall!). This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.  Which I believe is  _OK_  due to the time and energy spent maintaining this site.

*The compensation received will _never (ever ever ever)_ influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

*Sometimes I may be compensated to provide _my  opinions_ on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though I _may  _receive compensation for certain posts or advertisements, I always give my _honest_ opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are _mine_. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

 *This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

## Privacy Policy

This privacy policy sets out how the Grant life uses and protects any information that you give while using www.thegrantlife.com

Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

The Grant life may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 12/19/14.

**What we collect**

We may collect the following information:

  * contact information including email address
  * demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
  * other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers



**What we do with the information we gather**

We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

  * We may use the information to improve our products and services.
  * We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
  * From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.



**Security**

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

**How we use cookies**

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.

**Opt Out**

For information about opting out of Gourmet Ads and ad serving partners please visit <http://www.gourmetads.com/about/privacy-policy>“.

  * Bio
  * Twitter
  * Facebook
  * Google+
  * Latest Posts



Hey yall! I'm Kelley - a work at home mom to two rambunctious kiddos. I absolutely love creating new recipes to share here on my blog - the Grant life. When I'm not cooking up a storm in the kitchen, I am wrangling the kids, showing houses as a licensed REALTOR and practicing my photography. Thanks so much for following along with us!
