> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thegame.me privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161030071702id_/http%3A//www.thegame.me/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - TheGame.me

Your Privacy is important and respected to us at TheGame.me. TheGame.me will from time to time collect non-personal, specific information for the sole purposes of improving and maintaining the TheGame.me website features and content. Non-personal information (including some forms of personal information) may be collected at times either voluntarily or involuntarily through the use of this website. Personal information (such as your email address) may be required for website notifications, registration and to help ensure a secure environment for all users of TheGame.me through the use of such information. Your information will never be sold, distributed or shared with other companies, third-parties or individuals, excluding the rare event in which this website is transferred and/or sold to a new party. 

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. 

By using this site, you signify your assent to the TheGame.me privacy policy (specified on this page). If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use this website and its contents/services. We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes. Your continued use of this site will signify your acceptance of these changes. 

If there are any questions regarding our privacy policy you may contact us through the [contact us](http://www.thegame.me/contact/) page. 
