> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thegeneral.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180829185245id_/https%3A//www.thegeneral.com/legal/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | The General Car Insurance

**Please read this notice to learn how your information may be used by us and about your right to review and correct personal data. Our goal is to protect the confidentiality of information that you provide to us. By providing any information through our site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.**

**Your privacy is important to us.** Permanent General protects the confidentiality of personal information that you provide to us or we collect. We have physical, electronic, and procedural security in place to protect personal data. We may collect personal information, such as consumer reports that include credit information (where permitted by law) and reports about you and the drivers in your household with respect to your application for insurance, renewals, changes to your policy, and claims. Insurance scoring information using credit, where allowed by law, may be used to determine your eligibility or premium for insurance. We may use a third party to get this score. Any nonpublic personal information we have about you or listed drivers is confidential information and kept private. However, the personal information collected, may, if permitted by law, be disclosed without prior authorization to non-affiliated third parties. We may also share information with affiliated companies for such purposes as claims handling, servicing, underwriting, pricing and insurance marketing. Information may be provided to others when required by law to or pursuant to legal process.

**Types of Information We Collect and Disclose.** We collect non-public personal financial and health information about you, your family and your property in order to issue policies, service policies, and handle claims. Non-public personal financial and health information is defined as information not generally available to the public. We collect this information in a number of ways, including:

  * **E-mail.** We may email requests to you to complete and support your transactions with us and to comply with law. We may also send you email to follow-up on coverage quotes, respond to your questions, and to provide you with information about your policy and other information. We will not share your email address with third parties without your consent.
  * **Information that you give us when you apply for a policy or make a policy change.** When you apply for a policy we record the information that you give us on an application form. We also record information when you request a policy change. The information we obtain may include your name, address, and telephone number, driver’s license number, social security number, date of birth, length of employment, gender, marital status, prior insurance information, home ownership, length of residency, vehicle descriptions, miles driven and vehicle use, other drivers, vehicle garaging address and driving history.
  * **Information that we acquire in the course of doing business with you.** We collect information about your transactions with our company and other companies. It may include your insurance coverage selections and premiums, payment and claims history, information used to calculate premium, and your payment and billing information. It may also include information used to adjust, investigate, settle, and defend claims, such as witness statements, and police reports.
  * **Information that we acquire from third parties.** We collect information from consumer reporting agencies. It may include motor vehicle records, driving records, accident reports, claims history reports, insurance records, and consumer reports that may include credit information. Upon your written request to us, we will provide you with a copy of this information. You have the right to access this personal information and ask for correction of any erroneous information found in the records of these third parties.
  * **Information that we acquire from our Web site.** Our website is encrypted to protect your information. We create “cookies” (a small text file stored on your computer) while you are on our Web site. The “cookie” does not contain any personal information. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. In addition, tracking technology including, but not limited to, cookies, beacons, tags and scripts or other similar technologies may be utilized by Permanent General and analytic service providers (e.g. Google Analytics). These tracking technologies are used to gather information about our user base. The information collected may include device specific-information (including, but not limited to, hardware model, operating system version and unique device identifiers) and unique application numbers if included within the respective service. We may receive reports on this demographic information from analytic service providers to understand specific market segments based on the demographic and interest data received. This information will be used for, but not limited to, Remarketing, Display Network Impression Reporting, and Demographics and Interest Reporting. The use of these tracking features is governed by Google’s [Privacy Policy](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ "Privacy Policy"), as amended by Google. You may opt-out of this data collection by installing the[ Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ " Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on") and [Google Ad Removal Plugin](https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin "Google Ad Removal Plugin"). 



**Parties to Whom We Disclose Information.** We may, as permitted by law, disclose your personally identifiable information in our records (including, but not limited to: name, address, year/make/model of your automobile and claims history). This may include information we need to disclose to other insurance institutions in order to obtain a quote you requested in markets we do not serve. If we disclose information to other insurance institutions, your interactions with those companies are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the service. 

Without your prior permission, we may disclose this information to certain persons or organizations including:

  * Other insurance institutions, financial institutions, agents, or insurance support organizations.
  * Persons who perform a business, professional, or insurance function for us.
  * Businesses that conduct actuarial or research studies.
  * Insurance regulatory authorities.
  * Law enforcement or other governmental authorities.
  * Our affiliated companies who assist our insurance business activities.



Your information may be provided to others in the following circumstances, as permitted by law, for them to:

  * Perform a business, professional, or insurance function for us.
  * Provide information to us in order to:
    1. Determine your eligibility for an insurance benefit or payment, or
    2. Detect or prevent criminal activity, fraud, material misrepresentation or material nondisclosure in connection with an insurance transaction
  * Perform a function in connection with an insurance transaction involving you.
  * Conduct an audit of our operations or services.



All third parties are subject to agreements to maintain the confidentiality of your nonpublic personal information. 

**Confidentiality & Security.** We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to our employees and other parties who must use that information to provide products or services to you. Their right to disclose or use the information is limited by our employee code of conduct, applicable law, and nondisclosure agreements where appropriate. We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or use.

**Your Right To Review and Correct Personal Data.** Upon your written request, and pursuant to law, you may review your information in our records. If you see any inaccuracies in your information you can send us a written statement describing the information you believe is incorrect and information that should appear in its place. We will either make the requested correction or tell you why we will not or cannot make the correction. If we correct your records, we will send confirmation to you and send the corrected information to any insurance support organizations we provided with your information if it is still in their records. We will also furnish the corrected information to any person you designate who may have received the information within the last 2 years. We cannot correct Consumer Report Information, such as a credit report. To do this, you must contact the consumer reporting agency that provided it. If we refuse to make a requested correction, you may file a written statement with us describing the information you believe is incorrect, and information that should appear in its place. Your statement will become part of your file. It will be sent to the same persons to whom we would send a copy of any correction or change. Additionally, your statement will be included in any subsequent, lawful disclosure.

If you wish to review your personal information or learn more about your right to review and correct personal data, please send a written request to us at: Permanent General, 2636 Elm Hill Pike, Suite 510, Nashville, Tennessee 37214. Include your name, address, policy number, and a description of the data you would like to review. We may charge a reasonable fee. Upon written request, we will identify persons or organizations to which the data has been disclosed within the last two years, or if not recorded, we will identify persons or organizations to which the data is normally disclosed. We will not provide privileged data, such as insurance claims and lawsuits.

**California Privacy Rights.** California Civil Code §1798.83 permits our website users who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties. To obtain this information, a request should be made in writing to us: 2636 Elm Hill Pike Suite 510, Nashville, TN 37214. 

**WE WILL DELIVER OUR NOTICE OF INFORMATION PRACTICES FOR YOUR STATE TO YOU.**
