> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thegreengrid.org privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060615010442id_/http%3A//idg.com/www/docs.nsf/docs/Privacy_Statement%3FOpenDocument%26region%3DWW) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# IDG.com - About IDG - Worldwide

**IDG PRIVACY STATEMENT**

International Data Group (IDG) is the world's leading technology media, research, and event company. The IDG family of on-line and print publications consists of hundreds of award-winning titles including Computerworld, CIO, CSO, Darwin, InfoWorld, Game Pro, Network World, Macworld and PC World, and a growing collection of websites that includes idgconnect.com, computerworld.com, cio.com, csoonline.com, darwinmag.com, infoworld.com, networkworld.com, macworld.com, maccentral.com, pcworld.com, and gamepro.com. A complete listing is available at www.idg.com. IDG is also a leading producer of more than 170 computer-related events worldwide including LinuxWorld Conference & Expo, Macworld Conference & Expo, DEMO, and IDC Directions. IDC provides global market research and advice through offices in 50 countries.

Below is the current policy regarding the use of personally identifying information and data collected by the publications and websites of IDG. In addition, each of the websites has its own privacy policy posted that that describes more specifically what information is collected from its print and online subscribers and users, how it may be used and shared, as well as how you can update the information you provide.   
We strive to deliver outstanding products, services, and experiences across the IDG family of publications and websites. We value your business and, most importantly, your loyalty. IDG is committed to assuring strong customer relationships. Your privacy is important to IDG and we therefore reevaluate this policy on an ongoing basis based on feedback from readers. IDG reserves the right to change its privacy policy. However, if there are any changes to the use of personally identifiable information and data that is different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you by posting a notice on www.idg.com and/or the applicable website.  
The IDG publications and websites collect personally identifying information and data about individuals, their company, and their demographics (“personally identifying information and data”) including (i) when you provide information to one of our publications or websites such as when you register or sign up for any of our products such as publications, subscriptions, e-mails, contests, newsletters, memberships, RSS Feeds, web casts, White Papers, online seminars, conferences and other communications with one of our publications or websites (ii) when you register or sign up on one of our websites or when you register for any other IDG products individually or through an automated registration (“auto register”), your information will be known to the publication and (iii) from time to time we may add other information that we collect from third party sources to enhance the information that you provided to the publication or website.   
Any of the IDG websites may use your personally identifying information for internal analytical and business development purposes and to send you email. Unless otherwise stated in the individual privacy policy, when you provide your email address to any IDG publication or web site, you agree to receive email from that publication or web site, its sister IDG companies, and from IDG. In addition, other forms of communication, including postal mail, may be directed to you, and other information you provide may be collected, used and shared pursuant to the specific privacy policy of the site to which you provided the information, as may be updated from time to time. 

To access restricted content on any IDG website you need to provide certain information about yourself. If you have previously registered on an IDG website and you begin to fill out certain forms on another IDG website, the site may “recognize” you and automatically complete the form.  
You can "opt-out" of receiving further email by clicking the appropriate links that appear at the bottom of any email you receive. If you do not want to receive other types of communication, including as applicable, postal mail, from the editor and publisher of the site, please refer to the specific site's privacy policy for the procedure to follow. 

In the event that the ownership of IDG, or any IDG business or publication or any of its products are sold or transferred, all lists and data which contain personally identifiable information and data will be transferred to the new owner.

The IDG websites are intended for individuals over the age of 13 years old. Personal information may not be provided by anyone under 13 years of age. Further, no one under 13 years old may participate in the forums or chat rooms or any other areas where public discussions may take place. In addition, no one under the age of 18 may conduct any transactions for the purposes or purchasing or selling any items. Parents should be sure that their children are not conducting any of the above activities on the IDG websites.

If you have any questions or comments regarding IDG or its use of information please send email to IDGNetwork@idg.com or write to us at IDG, 3 Post Office Square, Boston, MA 02109.

Last updated: March 5, 2006
