> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thegamecreators.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051214104918id_/http%3A//www.thegamecreators.com/%3Fgf%3Dprivacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Game Creators - Privacy Policy

The Game Created Limited have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.

We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. This is collected in the standard Apache web log files.

Our Web Site uses a Session cookie. This is automatically created by PHP and is called PHPSESSID. This cookie is valid for the domain thegamecreators.com and all sub-domains thereof. It exists for as long as your browser session remains open. If you register an account on our Web site we issue two further cookies. One called SUID and one called PUBLIC_KEY. The SUID contains a 32 character MD5 hashed representation of your Internal Database User ID number. The PUBLIC_KEY cookie contains a 32 character MD5 hashed of your public key. This is generated by our server in order to verify who you are.

Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). Financial information (like their bank account or credit card numbers) are only requested by the on-line shop via secure connection. 

Contact information from the registration forms is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.

No mailings will be sent to you other than ones to do with your order. If you wish to opt-in to our mailing list you can do so by [clicking here](https://web.archive.org/web/20051214104918id_/http%3A//www.thegamecreators.com/%3Fgf%3Dprivacy_policy?gf=newsletter).

Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services by the Share-It and PayPal services. At no time does The Game Creators Limited see your card or bank details.

Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like their email address) for internal use only.

Contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.

No mailings will be sent to you other than ones to do with your order. If you wish to opt-in to our mailing list you can do so by [clicking here](https://web.archive.org/web/20051214104918id_/http%3A//www.thegamecreators.com/%3Fgf%3Dprivacy_policy?gf=newsletter).

This site contains links to other sites. The Game Creators Limited are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites and you visit them at your own risk.

This site makes message boards available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.

This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:

You can edit your details by using the User Control Panel after logging into the site. If you do not have a User Account then no details can be changed.

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us using our [feedback form](https://web.archive.org/web/20051214104918id_/http%3A//www.thegamecreators.com/%3Fgf%3Dprivacy_policy?m=contact_feedback).

Last Updated: 24 July 2003
