> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thehousingforum.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030622130455id_/http%3A//www.thehousingforum.com/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to TheHousingForum

|  |  |  |  | 

  


* * *

  
Your privacy is very important to us and you can be assured that our privacy practices are held to high standards by outside organizations. As part of the normal operation of our services we collect and, in some cases, disclose information about you. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect about you and what may happen to that information. Although this policy may seem long, we have prepared a detailed policy because we believe you should know as much as possible about TheHousingForum's practices so that you can make an informed decision. Generally all of our subsidiaries and joint venture partners operate under similar privacy practices as described in this Privacy Policy and, subject to the requirements of applicable law we strive to provide a consistent set of privacy practices throughout our global HousingForum community. This Privacy Policy is subject to the terms of TheHousingForum User Agreement. 

  1. **A Special Note About Children**. Children are not eligible to use our services and we ask that minors do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. 
  2. **Information We Collect**. Our primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our services. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience easier and quicker. 

To fully use our services, you will need to register using our online registration form, where you will be required to provide us with your contact information and other personal information. Under some circumstances, we require some additional information, including billing address, credit card number and credit card expiration date. We use this credit card information to verify your name, address, and other information. 

We automatically track certain information about you based upon your behavior on our site. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand and serve our users. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. 

In addition, we use cookies on certain pages of our site. We may also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a cookie. Among other reasons why we use cookies, cookies allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information which is targeted to your interests. Cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on our site. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on our site and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session. 

If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. 

We use personally identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our site's content, layout, and services. We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor it to meet our users' needs. We may also use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as targeted banners, new services and promotions. By accepting the User Agreement you expressly agree to receive this information. We use your email address, your mailing address, and phone number to contact you regarding administrative notices, new product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Site. If you do not wish to receive these communications, you may notify us via email and we will process your request in a timely manner. We use information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our User Agreement. At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes, and in particular on rare occasions we may evaluate your information to look for users using multiple User IDs or aliases. 

  3. **Our Disclosure of Your Information**. Unfortunately, due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose you UserID, name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email, and company to TheHousingForum participants as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will remain private. As a general proposition, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. The following describes some of the ways that your personally identifiable information may be disclosed.   
_Advertisers_. We do aggregate personally identifiable information and disclose such information in aggregate to advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you. Certain information, such as your password, credit card number, and bank account number, are not disclosed to marketing advertisers in aggregate at all.   
_TheHousingForum Community_. Throughout the Site, you are identified by your User ID. If you select your email address as your User ID, you disclose your email address to other users and third parties. As a result, other users and third parties might send you unsolicited email and be able to personally identify all of your activities on the Site. Even if your User ID is not your email address, your User ID may be used to identify you and your activities throughout the Site. Other people can see your postings on the Site.   
_Suppliers and Other Service Providers_. We may use third party Suppliers and Service Providers to facilitate our services. For example, we may outsource the operations of one or more aspects of our site to a Supplier or Service Provider who performs services according to our requirements. In some instances, the Service Provider may collect information directly from you (such as the situation where we ask a Service Provider to conduct a survey for us). In these cases, you will be notified of the involvement of the Supplier or Service Provider, and all information disclosures you make will be strictly optional. In all cases, we restrict how these Suppliers and Other Service Providers may access, use and disclose your information. In general, we do not permit these Suppliers and Other Service Providers to sell your information to third parties. 
  4. **Your Use of Other Users' Information**. In order to facilitate interaction among all HousingForum community members, our service allows you to access other users' contact information. 

By entering into our User Agreement, you agree that, with respect to other user's personally identifiable information that you obtain through the Site or through a HousingForum-related communication, TheHousingForum hereby grants to you a license to use such information only for: TheHousingForum-related communications that are not unsolicited commercial messages. In all cases, you must give users an opportunity to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them. In addition, under no circumstances, except as defined in this Section, can you disclose personally identifiable information about another user to any third party without our consent and the consent of such other user after adequate disclosure. 

  5. **Control of Your Password**. Except as specifically permitted by this section, you may not disclose your HousingForum password to any third parties nor share it with any third parties. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password. 
  6. **Reviewing and Changing Your Personally Identifiable Information**. Following registration, you can review and change the information you submitted during registration. Upon your request, we will remove your credit card number and credit card expiration date from our databases. 

We will retain in our files information you have requested to remove in some circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our User Agreement. Further, such prior information is never completely removed from our databases due to technical constraints and the fact that we back up our systems. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests. 

  7. **Other Information Collectors**. Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, buyers, sellers or sublettors on our system or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them. To the extent that we use third party advertisers, they adhere to their own privacy customs and policies. Since TheHousingForum does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of that third party. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others. 
  8. **Security**. TheHousingForum uses industry standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information, such as firewalls and Secure Socket Layers. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet. 

  
  
---  
|  | 
