> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thehealthorange.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-09-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170905101725id_/https%3A//thehealthorange.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | TheHealthOrange

The privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as the “Privacy Policy”) provided below is with respect to our use and protection of any personal information you provide to us through the TheHealthOrange.com website. You may be required to provide personally identifiable information at several different points on our website. By accepting the policy at the time of registration the user expressly approves and consents to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.  
1\. TheHealthOrange.com respects the privacy of its users and is committed to protecting the personally identifiable information (any information or data by which you can be identified, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, email addresses, telephone numbers, credit or debit card details, etc.) that the users share with us, in all respects. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.  
2\. In general, you can visit TheHealthOrange.com website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We track the internet address of the domains from which people visit us and analyse this data for trends and statistics, but the individual user remains anonymous. Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose any personal information online, for example through e-mail, discussion lists, forums, blogs, reviews or elsewhere, that information can be collected and used by others.  
4\. TheHealthOrange.com may use the information in its databases, including personal information you’ve submitted, and other server and usage logs, to analyse the site and user behaviour & troubleshoot technical problems  
5\. To improve the responsiveness of the websites for our users, some of our webpages may use “cookies”, or similar electronic tools to collect information to assign each visitor a unique random number to understand the user’s individual interests using the identified computer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on the hard drive of the user’s computer and are used for record-keeping purposes and are identifiers, which a website can send to your browser to keep on your computer to facilitate your next visit to our website. You can however choose to accept or refuse the cookies by changing the settings of your browser accordingly. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our website and other websites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.  
Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we will have no way of knowing who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply. A cookie cannot read data off your hard drive. Advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser (if you click on their advertisements), and we do not control use of these cookies and disclaim any responsibility whatsoever for information collected through them.  
6. There are times when we may collect personal information from you such as name, emails, physical address and/or telephone number. Generally, you will have the option not to provide such information, and in the future you will be able to “opt out” of certain uses of the information. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit TheHealthOrange.com, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers and services.  
7\. Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer’s connection to the Internet, including your IP address, when you visit our site (Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the internet know where to send you data, such as the web pages you view). Your IP address does not identify you personally. We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our site to the interests of our users, to measure traffic within our site and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come.  
8\. From time to time, we may conduct online surveys or run a contest for promotional purposes, during which, we may ask users for contact information (like email addresses) and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data to notify people if they win the contest.  
9\. TheHealthOrange.com contains many links to other websites. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Such third party sites are governed by their respective privacy policies and TheHealthOrange.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you cannot find the Privacy Policy of any of these sites via a link from the site’s homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information. TheHealthOrange.com does not share any of the individual personal information you provide with the sites to which TheHealthOrange.com links, although TheHealthOrange.com may share aggregate data with such sites (such as how many people use our site). This includes other third party sites on the Internet for which TheHealthOrange.com provides search services.  
10\. TheHealthOrange.com will take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us. We have implemented technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access and improper use or disclosure. TheHealthOrange.com will continue to enhance its security procedures as new technology becomes available.  
11\. All information gathered on TheHealthOrange.com is securely stored within the TheHealthOrange.com (controlled) database. However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. However, any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas becomes public information and is available to anyone with internet access.  
12\. TheHealthOrange.com will not sell, rent, share, trade or disclose to third parties any information derived from the registration for, or use of, any online service offered by TheHealthOrange.com without the consent of the user or customer, except if such disclosure is required by law or is pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations or proceedings including search warrants, or to help investigate, prevent or take action regarding unlawful activities, suspected fraud, potential threat of security of any person, violation of our website use or defend legal claims; special circumstances such as compliance with subpoenas, court orders, requests/order from legal authorities or agencies requiring such disclosure or any other legal process or in the case of imminent physical harm to the user or others. You also consent to TheHealthOrange.com disclosing information about you to actual or potential parties to a lawsuit that TheHealthOrange.com is or may become involved in (a) if it is required to do so, (b) if it reasonably believes that such disclosures will potentially mitigate its liability, or (c) to enforce its rights.  
13\. Circumstances may also arise where we are required to disclose your personal information (including our associated customer lists), to third parties for purposes other than to support your customer relationship with TheHealthOrange.com, such as in connection with a corporate divestiture or dissolution or to its subsidiaries or parent company (if any), or to a potential acquirer or merger partner, in which case TheHealthOrange.com will ask such entities to honour this Privacy Policy. In addition, as part of a diligence review, TheHealthOrange.com would try to restrict the disclosure of such information.  
14\. Specific uses of personal information that vary from this Privacy Policy (if any) may be found throughout the site. A site and service as complicated as TheHealthOrange.com is never perfect, and thus TheHealthOrange.com may inadvertently make uses or disclosures of your information in ways not contemplated by, or in direct contravention of, this Privacy Policy. For example, if the software has a temporary glitch, your personal information could be displayed on the site even though you’ve configured your preferences otherwise. TheHealthOrange.com might also make ad hoc uses of your information in ways it can’t contemplate here. TheHealthOrange.com will do its best to work with you if these types of situations arise, but your sole remedy in these cases is to have TheHealthOrange.com try to rectify the problem as soon as it can.  
15\. If our Privacy Policy changes in the future, it will be posted here and a new effective date will be shown. You are advised to access our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you understand our current policies. TheHealthOrange.com reserves all rights to revise, amend, modify or change this Privacy Policy in its sole discretion, from time to time and in any manner it deems appropriate.  
16\. Please also visit our Terms of Use section establishing the use, disclaimers and limitations of liabilities governing the use of our website at Terms of Use.  
17\. Any questions or clarifications with respect to this Privacy Policy can be sent to TheHealthOrange.com using our contact page or addressed to MB Unohealth Ventures Pvt Ltd, 401, Benchmark Plaza, 33rd Road, Bandra West, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 400050. TheHealthOrange.com will attempt to respond to all reasonable concerns or inquiries.  
Your acceptance of these terms  
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.  
Contacting us  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:  
TheHealthOrange, MB Unohealth Ventures Pvt Ltd  
401, Benchmark Plaza, 33rd Road, Bandra West, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India 400050.  
www.thehealthorange.com  
This document was last updated on 25-11-2016
