> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thehousedesigners.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190429061111id_/https%3A//www.thehousedesigners.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

The House Designers, LLC ("THD”) provides a variety of services (the “Services”) by way of the thehousedesigners.com website (the "Site"). Since the success of THD is dependent on building and maintaining goodwill with those who visit the Site and those use the Site and the Services, we are committed to implementing measures designed to protect the privacy of our visitors and users. Moreover, we see it as our responsibility to set examples and help establish the standards for privacy in our industry.

Although THD respects the privacy of all those who visit the Site and all those who use the Site and the Services, we do collect information from our visitors and users. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) governs your interaction with the Site and your use of the Services, including how we handle the information that we collect off-line in connection with operating our Site and Services. Except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use and any other guidelines posted by us, we do not release personally identifiable information about our visitors or users without their permission.

Please note that THD reviews its privacy practices from time to time, and that those practices are therefore subject to change. We ask that you bookmark and periodically review this page to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our Privacy Policy. Registered users of our Site and Services, such as accountholders and e-publications subscribers, may be notified by way of email about changes to the Privacy Policy or if the use of any information already collected by us has changed. To contact THD about any privacy issues or to report an actual or a suspected violation of this Privacy Policy, please email us at [privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com](mailto:privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com).

## The information that we gather

THD gathers two types of information about Site visitors and users. Such information is described below.

**(1) Non-personally identifiable information.  
** When visitors come to the Site, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which links were "clicked." If a visitor connects to the Site using another website, such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Google, Instagram or YouTube, we may receive information that the visitor authorizes such third party website to share with us.

Collecting the foregoing information involves the logging of IP addresses, operating system and browser software used by each visitor to the Site. Although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from the IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of their point of connectivity. The non-personally identifiable information that we collect helps us identify the most popular areas of the Site and determine the effectiveness of any of our marketing activities. In addition, we may disclose some of this aggregated, non-personally identifiable information to our advertisers in order to inform them of the number of visitors who have seen and/or clicked through their advertisements. (See "How we use (and do not use) non-personally identifiable information" below.)

For similar purposes, we use "cookies," which are small text files placed on your computer's hard drive, in order to help us determine the type of content and websites to which you link, the length of time that you spend at any particular area of the Site, and the Services that you choose to use. Cookies also tell us what you have seen on the Site. Essentially, cookies are your identification cards for THD’s computers, or servers, that delivered what you have seen on the Site. Cookies are only read by the server that placed them, and are unable to execute any code or virus. Cookies are placed and stored on your cell phone and tablet, as well.

Cookies allow THD to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience at the Site and with the Services. Nevertheless, you should be able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser. For more information on how to do so, please refer to the documentation accompanying your browser. If you disable the cookies feature of your browser, there will be no effect on the usage of your computer, cell phone or tablet, or access to the Site or the Services.

Please note that advertisers on the Site, third party websites, such as Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest, as well as some of THD's third party service providers, such as LiveChat and McAfee, may place cookies on your computer's hard drive, in order to provide you with materials that may be of interest to you while you are visiting the Site and afterwards. Cookies from such advertisers and other third parties may be stored on your cell phone and tablet, as well. THD cannot and does not assume any responsibility for the actions or information collection practices of such advertisers and other third parties.

In addition, we sometimes collect anonymous information from visits to the Site through the use of "web beacons" (also known as “Internet tags,” “pixel tags,” “tracking pixels” and “clear GIFs”). These do not access your personal information, but rather allow THD to log users who have visited the Site. This anonymous information is sometimes referred to as "clickstream data." THD may use said data for a variety of purposes, including for analytical purposes and to manage technical issues, in order to assist THD with optimizing the Site and the Services. If you do not want your transaction details used in the foregoing manner, please see the paragraph above regarding how to disable cookies.

**(2) Personally identifiable information.  
** In certain areas of the Site – for example, when creating an account or subscribing to our e-publications - we request that you provide us with personally identifiable information, including, for example, first name, last name, email address and cell phone number. We will also request your billing and mailing address, as well as credit card information, when you purchase a product sold on the Site.

We collect personally identifiable information when you utilize our Site’s “LiveChat” feature, as well. For example, your name, email address and telephone number will be requested at the inception of the chat session.

In addition, we collect personally identifiable information from individuals off-line. For example, an individual may telephone us about the Site and/or the Services, including to inquire about products sold on the Site and/or our Services or check on the status of an order (where they have purchased a product sold on the Site), and provide their personally identifiable information to us during the call.

The Site and the Services are not directed towards anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. Anyone under the age of 18 is expressly prohibited from using the Site and the Services.

THD does not control the acts of its visitors or users. All visitors and users should be aware that, when they disclose personally identifiable information online or in any other forum pertaining to the Site or the Services, the information may be collected and used by others for purposes of distributing unsolicited communications to you or to others outside the Site. Visitors and users should therefore be careful to use their discretion when disclosing any information online or in any other forum pertaining to the Site or the Services, such as their last name, first name or other identifying information, since users may be disclosing such information to the public.

In the event that you encounter any Site visitor or user of the Site or Services who is or appears to be improperly collecting or using information about you or other visitors or users, please contact us at [privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com](mailto:privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com).

## How we use (and do not use) the information we gather

Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways that THD uses the information that it gathers. THD encourages all third parties associated with the Site, including, but not limited to, advertisers, to adhere to THD’s policies regarding the privacy of visitors and users and to otherwise handle personal information in a responsible manner. However, we cannot and do not assume any responsibility for any actions or omissions of third parties, including the manner in which they use information received either from THD or independently. Nevertheless, in the event that you encounter any third party associated with, or who claims association with, THD that you feel is or may be improperly collecting or using information about you, please contact us at [privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com](mailto:privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com). We will be happy to forward your message to the third party.

**(1) How we use (and do not use) non-personally identifiable information.  
** We use non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful Services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our visitors and users, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Site. We may provide statistical information based on this data to advertisers, prospective advertisers and other third parties. We may also use the aggregate data to inform said third parties about the number of people who may have seen information or materials regarding them that appear on the Site.

The Site may contain links to other websites, which may not be owned or operated by THD. For example, the Site contains links to Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Google, Instagram and YouTube, as well as to advertisers’ and other third party websites, all of which are neither owned nor operated by THD. Unless otherwise expressly stated in writing, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites, including such websites' use of any information (such as IP address, browser type or operating system) collected when visitors to those websites click through links to those websites. Even though such information might not identify you personally, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of those websites.

**(2) How we use (and do not use) personally identifiable information.  
** This Privacy Policy serves as notice that personally identifiable information will be collected in connection with certain of uses of the Site, as well as our Services, such as when creating an account, subscribing to our e-publications, purchasing products sold on the Site, submitting a “Contact Form” or submitting a “Modification Form.” THD may provide notice to visitors of the Site simultaneously with such uses of the Site and Services, as well. This Privacy Policy also serves as notice that personally identifiable information may be collected off-line in connection with operating our Site and Services, such as when an individual contacts us by telephone about a product sold on the Site or the status of an order (where the individual has purchased a product). We use personally identifiable information to operate, maintain and improve the quality and usefulness of the Site and the Services, including by developing general user profiles and geographic user profiles and personalizing the Services.

In order to access and use certain features of the Site, you need not register to be an account holder. However, if you wish to purchase a product sold on the Site, you will need to create an account and, if you wish to receive our e-publications, you will need to subscribe to same; and, you may not “opt out” of the processes established for doing so. You may though, for example, choose to close your account with us, in accordance with our Terms of Use and additional terms and conditions applicable to purchasing a product sold on the Site, as well as "opt out" of receiving email solicitations from THD by unclicking the box(es) on the page(s) for that option or contacting us at [privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com](mailto:privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com), (866) 214-2242 or the mailing address in “Questions” below or (if available) by submitting a “Contact Form.” In addition, you may “opt out” of receiving email solicitations from us at any time by clicking on “unsubscribe” in the link contained in such emails. Such email solicitations from THD would, however, be about THD itself and contain information, such as regarding third party products or services or about third party or THD’s promotions or events, that may be of interest to you. Even if you “opt out” of receiving such solicitations, we retain the right to send you non-marketing communications, including, but not limited to, confirmation of a purchase or notifications of changes to our Site, this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use. Further, even if you do not "opt out" of receiving such materials, THD will not release any personally identifiable registration information regarding you to any third parties without your permission other than as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use and any other guidelines posted by us.

THD limits its own email solicitations to those visitors or users who have chosen to receive - or not "opted out" of receiving - such communications. The solicitations are limited in that they, among other things, will clearly indicate the originator of the email and provide the user with a method of choosing to receive such communications or "opting out" of receiving future communications of a similar nature. In addition, THD may use individual data to "target" certain materials - to decide which materials to show to which users. As an example, if an advertiser wishes to display its advertising only to particular users, THD uses account data in order to ensure that the advertising is displayed only to those particular users.

THD also uses personally identifiable information to send order status updates (where an individual has purchased a product) and marketing materials by text message. You may choose to receive such text messages by clicking on the box(es) on the page(s) for that option. You may unsubscribe from receiving text messages from THD sent by automated means by contacting us at [privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com](mailto:privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com), (866) 214-2242 or the mailing address in “Questions” below, by submitting a “Contact Form” (if available), responding “STOP” to the message, responding “UNSUBSCRIBE” to the message (if available) or clicking on “unsubscribe” in the link contained in such message (if available). After we receive your opt-out, you may, however, receive a final text message to confirm the opt-out.

In addition, THD posts customer testimonials on the Site that contain information such as customer names. We obtain the consent of each such customer prior to posting any testimonials.

Besides primarily using your personally identifiable information for purposes of providing the Site and the Services, THD shares your personally identifiable information with advertisers, such as members of THD’s “Architect Preferred” program, in order to enable them to directly send you information regarding products or services or about promotions or events that may be of interest to you. You may choose to "opt out" of receiving email solicitations from such advertisers by unclicking the boxes on the page for that option (if available) or contacting us at [privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com](mailto:privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com), (866) 214-2242 or the mailing address in “Questions” below or (if available) by submitting a “Contact Form.” In addition, you may “opt out” of email solicitations from such advertisers at any time by clicking on “unsubscribe” in the link contained in such emails. If you choose to share your information with advertisers in the manner described above, your information will be subject to the advertisers’ respective privacy statements.

THD does not share your personally identifiable information with advertisers unless you have chosen to receive – or not “opted out” of receiving – such communications. The communications would, however, contain information that may be of interest to you and be limited in that they, among other things, will clearly indicate the originator of the email and provide you with a method of choosing to receive such communications or "opting out" of receiving future communications of a similar nature.

We (again) use third party service providers to assist us in providing the Site and the Services, as well. For example, we use such third parties to support us in areas such as IT platform management and support services. In providing these services on behalf of THD, it may be necessary for us to provide such third parties with access to personally identifiable information too. In such instances, THD only provides such third parties with the minimum amount of personally identifiable information that is necessary to enable them to perform the services on THD’s behalf and under contractual provisions that require such third parties to maintain the security and confidentiality of any personally identifiable information that they have access to.

In particular, THD uses third-party service providers to manage credit card processing. These service providers are not permitted to store, retain, or use personally identifiable information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on THD’s behalf.

It should be noted here that, if and when THD sponsors sweepstakes or promotions, or a third party sponsors a sweepstakes or promotion in conjunction with THD, either THD or the third party will post relevant privacy information in the official rules and/or the registration area for the sweepstakes or promotion. The foregoing privacy information, to the extent that it conflicts with this Privacy Policy, will govern the particular sweepstakes or promotion.

Circumstances may arise too where THD chooses to sell, merge or otherwise reorganize its business. Such transactions may involve, in accordance with applicable law, the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers. It is THD’s standard practice to seek appropriate protection for personally identifiable information in these types of transactions.

Finally, we reserve the right to disclose information contained within our access logs concerning any visitor or user as we reasonably feel is necessary to protect our systems or business. Specifically, but without limitation, we reserve the right to disclose such information when a visitor or user is in violation of our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use or other published guidelines, or partakes (or is reasonably suspected of partaking) in any illegal activity, even without a subpoena, warrant or other court order, and to disclose such information in response to court and governmental orders, civil subpoenas and discovery requests, and as otherwise required by law. We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using our servers, the Site or the Services for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution, or to suspend or terminate (in whole in part) your use of the Site and the Services, including your account, in connection with any suspected illegal activity.

## Changing or deleting personal information

If you wish to have your personally identifiable information removed from THD’s databases, please contact us at [privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com](mailto:privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com) or the mailing address in “Questions” below. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. Corrections, such as name or address changes, can be made by sending same to us at said email address or at said mailing address. Keep in mind, however, that there will be residual information that will remain within THD’s databases, access logs, and other records, which may or may not contain such personally identifiable information. The residual information will not be used for commercial purposes; however, THD reserves the right, from time to time, to re-contact former users of the Site.

## Security

THD takes various precautions to protect the information collected from those who visit the Site and those who use the Site and the Services, including information collected off-line in connection with operating the Site and Services. When a registered user submits sensitive information by way of the Site, their information is protected both on- and off-line.

Access to all of the information collected from those who visit the Site and those use the Site and the Services, including information collected off-line in connection with operating the Site and Services, is restricted. Only key personnel who need the information in order to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. All computers used by THD personnel are equipped with passwords, as are all internal systems.

In addition, our personnel is kept up-to-date on THD’s security and privacy practices. Personnel are notified and reminded about the importance that THD places on privacy and what they can do to help protect visitors’ and users’ information, such as whenever a new privacy-related policy is implemented.

Finally, the servers that THD stores personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. All of our transactions take place on secure servers, as well. We use advanced, secure software, that encrypts all personally identifiable information collected, including, for example, credit card number, first and last name, billing address and shipping address.

If you have any questions about the security at or in connection with the Site, or in connection with our Services, feel free to send your questions to us at [privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com](mailto:privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com) or the mailing address below. Similarly, if you have any questions about security with respect to THD’s advertisers or third party service providers, feel free to send your questions to us at said email address or said mailing address. We will be happy to forward your message to the advertiser or service provider.

## Applicable only to U.S. Residents

The Site and Services are designed for and intended only for those visitors and users who are located in the United States and who are United States citizens or residents of the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, you should not access the Site.

## Questions

Any questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to THD at [privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com](mailto:privacy@TheHouseDesigners.com). Alternately, you may contact us by way of mail at the address indicated below.

The House Designers, LLC  
483 Monroe Tpke Ste 115  
Monroe, CT 06468  
Attn: Privacy
