> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the theitdepot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060617181211id_/http%3A//www.theitdepot.com/privacy_policy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy and Security | TheITdepot.com

Theitdepot.com will develop relationships with our customers based on respect and integrity. We're aware of the trust and confidence you demonstrate when you visit our website and provide us with information. The Privacy Notice below is posted to demonstrate our adherence to the practices you'll find common to the best websites online. We promise that we will treat your information with the same honesty and sensitivity that we have displayed throughout our company's history.

We will never share your email address , phone number or credit card information with any unrelated 3rd party except as necessary to fulfill transactions that you initiate.

1\. We respect your privacy. We will not provide your personally identifiable information to third parties (including our contributing companies) for marketing purposes without your permission.

2\. We secure your data. We monitor for intrusion attempts 24 hours a day, 7 days a week; deploy encryption technology, firewalls and systems monitoring; and audit our safeguards with the help of leading security firms.

3\. We offer you choices. You may choose whether and to what extent you receive marketing messages from theitdepot. If you do not wish to receive marketing messages, you may opt out at any time. And we offer you choices, so that you receive only those offers that are of interest to you. 

* Information you provide to us on applications and other forms, that you otherwise enter on our web site, or that you provide to us in writing or by telephone, such as when you contact our customer service staff. This information may include items such as your name, address, telephone number . In addition, please see Use of Cookies and other Technologies below for information we receive automatically when you visit our web site. We use the information we obtain in order to develop, offer and deliver our products and services, to process transactions in your accounts, and to fulfill legal and regulatory requirements. We limit the collection and use of customer information to the minimum we require to deliver superior service to our customers (including advising our customers about our products, services and other opportunities) and to administer our business. Use of Cookies and other Technologies Our web servers place and read "cookies" on our site's visitors' computers for a variety of purposes. Cookies are small data files that are stored on an Internet user's computer by a web server. One important use of cookies is to help identify you while you are logged in to the site. Consequently, if your browser does not accept session cookies, you will be unable to enroll or log in to our service using our site. You will, however, be able to browse our site as a visitor. The information we collect from cookies and web server logs is used to administer the web service and customize information you receive when visiting our site. We may also use and share aggregate information from cookies and web server logs to analyze and improve our web service offerings. This information does not identify individual visitors or customers. As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes the internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data. We use this information to analyze trends, to administer our web site, to track users' movements around the web site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. If you have chosen to receive marketing messages from us about our products and services, we may use information from our log files, cookies or web beacons to help us make those communications more useful or interesting to you.
