> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the theimpulsivebuy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629034738id_/https%3A//www.theimpulsivebuy.com/wordpress/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - The Impulsive Buy

At Theimpulsivebuy.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit Theimpulsivebuy.com, and how we safeguard your information. **We never rent, sell or otherwise share your personal information to third parties.**

Theimpulsivebuy.com collects information when you submit a comment, which includes your name and e-mail address. As with most other websites, Theimpulsivebuy.com makes use of log files.  The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. Such information is not linked to any other information that is personally identifiable.

We also use third party advertisements on Theimpulsivebuy.com to support our site, like Google AdSense and Amazon Affiliates.  Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.  This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).

Theimpulsivebuy.com has no control over these cookies used by third-party advertisers. However, you can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.  However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.  This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
