> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the theiapolis.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-10-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151007160501id_/http%3A//www.theiapolis.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy -Theiapolis

Theiapolis respects privacy of Internet Users and does not collect personally identifying information without the Internet User's permission.

However you should know that third parties may be placing and reading cookies on your browser, or using web beacons to collect information, in the course of ads being served. (see: Cookies)

This policy applies to the web site <http://www.theiapolis.com/> ("Theiapolis") and all its sub-domains. The full text of our privacy is available on the Web at: <http://www.theiapolis.com/privacy.html>.

We invite you to [contact us](https://web.archive.org/contact-us.html) if you have questions about this policy.

  


## Collection of Data from Visitors

Theiapolis does not collect Internet User identity or contact information from Internet User's visits to theiapolis.com. For each visit to theiapolis.com a given amount of information is collected and stored on our servers. No more information is collected than is typically collected in server logs by web sites in general.

**Click-stream data:**

  * _URI of requested resource:_  
The full URI requested by the user. This mean the full address of the page being requested. This information is only used for statistics purpose to determine which parts of our site are the most visited. This information is never linked to an individually identified person. 

  


  * _Request timestamp:_  
Time that the request was processed by the server. We use this information to watch the evolution of visits along days, weeks and months. For example this helps us to schedule maintenance operations. This information is never linked to an individually identified person. 

  


  * _Client's IP address:_  
The IP (Internet Protocol) address of the user's computer. This data is anonymous. It is simply a number in the form xxxx.xxxx.xxxx.xxxx. In theory it is possible to find exactly who you are, or more precisely, where you are, thanks to this number. However, in practice this data can only be used to record the number of unique visitors and their country or origin. That is all. As with all the other information we collect, it is never linked to any individually identified person. We only use this information in a global way to know how many visitors are from the USA, Canada, France, UK, and so on. This helps us to determine the kind of audience of our site and thus to customize as much as possible and to match visitors' interests. 

  


  * _Data bytes in response:_  
Data bytes returned by the server in response. This is the size of the files served. This information helps us to manage our bandwidth. 

  


  * _Response status code:_  
HTTP status code generated by the server for the response. Status codes allows tracking possible missing files or broken links (well known 404 error). 



**HTTP protocol elements:**

  * _User agent information:_  
The client description string sent by most Web browsers, giving the type, version, and platform type of the user's Web browser. This is sent by clients as the User-Agent: HTTP header. This information is used for statistics to know how many visitors are using Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, etc. We also use this information to customize HTML pages. It happens that sometimes Web browsers do not interpret an HTML code exactly the same way. So with this information we can serve pages that are compatible with visitor's Web browser. 

  


  * _Last URI requested by the user:_  
This is sent by clients as the Referer: HTTP header. This data is not linked to an individually identified person and is only used to know from where visitors are coming and how they browse our site. 



The above data are marked as non-identifiable. This means that there is no reasonable way for the site to identify the individual person this data was collected from.

  


## Collection of Data from Registered Members and Contributors

Next to browsing the site, you can participate in the Theiapolis Community. In that case, additionally to what was described in the above ("Collection of Data from Visitors") a given amount of information will be collected.

  * _Your E-mail address:_  
To participate in the Theiapolis Community, you have to provide a valid e-mail address. Your e-mail will be kept in our records but will never be divulged or sold to third party. 

  


  * _Your IP address:_  
Each time you perform an action (posting a message, uploading an image, etc.) your IP address will be recorded. You must understand that Theiapolis can use this information to block your access in the case of bad behaviour, fraudulent activity, or anything else violating the Terms of usage described at: [http://www.theiapolis.com/terms.html](https://web.archive.org/terms.html). We would like to insist on the fact that you endorse the entire responsibility concerning the material (text, data, image, etc.) you post at Theiapolis. If any of your actions results in illegal or reprehensible activity, we may have to communicate your IP address to the appropriate authorities. 

  


  


## Cookies

HTTP cookies, or more commonly referred to as Web cookies, tracking cookies or just cookies, are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system.

Theiapolis makes use of cookies to store a given number of information such as session tracking for logged members.

Like most websites, our pages embed codes from third-party service providers to ensure you get the best experience on our website. You should know that these third parties might use cookies to offer content and ads tailored to your interests as well as social media features.

If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies from this website. **If you would like to change your preferences you may do so by following the instructions[here](http://www.aboutcookies.org/Default.aspx?page=1)**

  


**Third-Party Advertisers**

Theiapolis includes third-party advertising and links to other websites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party websites.

You should know that these third parties may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads at Theiapolis.com.

Google's use of the [DART cookie](http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/faq.aspx) enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.

Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

**Facebook, Twitter and other Social Networks**

Theiapolis.com embeds social media features such as the "Like" (Facebook) and "Tweet" (Twitter) buttons.

To do so these Social Networks are providing a code to add to our pages. We do not control this code ourself and we do not have any access to that information, nor can we control how those networks use it.

As a result, you should know these Social Networks might know that you are viewing this website, if you use their services. Please refer to their privacy policy for more information.

  


  


## Frequently Asked Questions

Here are common questions and answers regarding our privacy policy.

**What information does Theiapolis collect from you?**

  * You can visit Theiapolis and use many of our services without having to tell us who you are or reveal any personally identifiable information to us. It is only when using certain Theiapolis services, or participating in the Theiapolis Community, that you will be asked to provide us with personally identifiable information (e-mail address)

  


  * Theiapolis may set and access cookies on your computer. Cookies are used to store your preferences/options and other kinds of information in order to customize your use of Theiapolis, as well as to identify you when you log on to your account.

  


  * Whenever you visit Theiapolis our web server logs automatically receive and record anonymous information from your web browser including your IP Address, Theiapolis cookie information, the Theiapolis page(s) you request, and any search terms you query.

  


  * When using some particular services of Theiapolis you may be requested to supply personal information, such as your email address. For example, to participate in the Theiapolis Community you have to provide a user name (which can be a nickname), and a valid email address.



**Do any third parties receive or collect your information through Theiapolis?**

  * Theiapolis does not and will not share personally identifiable information with other companies or individuals. 

  


  * Theiapolis allows other companies that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer or use web beacons to collect information, in the course of ads being served. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Theiapolis' cookies or Members' data.



**What are you doing with e-mail addresses?**

  * When you participate in the Theiapolis Community by creating an account, posting messages, uploading images, etc., you have to provide a valid e-mail address. However this e-mail will be kept confidential. Theiapolis will never share, communicate or sell these e-mail addresses with other companies or individuals.

  


  * Theiapolis will only use your e-mail address for communication purpose. For example, we may address to you, from time to time, newsletters announcing changes to Theiapolis.

  


  * When you participate in the Theiapolis Community, this e-mail address can be used to send you notification each time a topic you are monitoring is updated.


