> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thelibertyman.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161105115045id_/http%3A//www.thelibertyman.com/tlm-PrivacyPolicy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Liberty Man Website Privacy Statement

## Privacy Statement 

TheLibertyMan.com is a general audience web site, and does not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information  (PII) from children under 13 years of age.  
From time to time TheLibertyMan.com may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our PII collection and use practices, the features of our web sites or technology. If we make revisions that change the way we collect of use your PII, those changes will be posted in the Privacy Policy and the effective date will be noted at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Therefore, you should review it periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices. If TheLibertyMan.com materially changes its practices regarding collection or use of your PII, your PII will continue to be governed by the Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of and have not objected to the change. **

COLLECTION: COLLECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ("PII") BY TheLibertyMan.com

**

****  
**General.** TheLibertyMan.com collects personally identifiable information ("PII" -- that is, information such as your full name, email address, mailing address or telephone number) only in order to create or enhance our relationship with you. When we collect PII from you, it is because you voluntarily submit the information to us in order to participate in activities like sweepstakes, contests, games, surveys, forums, subscription registrations, chats or bulletin boards, in connection with content or suggestions you submit to us or because you want us to furnish you with products, services or information. We may also obtain PII from third parties.   
**Cookies.** Cookies are small bits of information that the TheLibertyMan.com web sites place on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on our site(s) and enable TheLibertyMan.com to make your visits to our site(s) more enjoyable. For example, cookies can store your password for easy log on to a site you have previously visited, can save your preferences for a personalized home page or can track the items you have placed in your "shopping cart" during a visit to our online store. Information about your activities on TheLibertyMan.com sites and other non-personally identifiable information about you may also be used to limit the online ads you encounter to those we believe are consistent with your interests.  
Third party advertisements displayed on TheLibertyMan.com’s sites may also contain cookies set by Internet advertising companies or advertisers. TheLibertyMan.com does not control these advertiser cookies and visitors to our web site(s) should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies (see "Notice" below for more information on third party advertisements).  
TheLibertyMan.com may use cookies and similar tools to relate your use of our web site(s) to PII obtained from you or a reputable third party. For example, if you’ve asked us to provide you information about our upcoming products or promotions, cookie and/or click stream data about your activities on TheLibertyMan.com web sites may allow us to limit the materials we provide you to items we think you will find interesting, based on your prior online activities and preferences. However, if TheLibertyMan.com wishes to combine your personal and cookie and click stream information in this manner, we will obtain your express affirmative consent.  
You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely. However, without cookies you will not have access to certain features on TheLibertyMan.com's web site(s), such as interactive "polling" and video player settings.  
**  
NOTICE: TheLibertyMan.com Will Provide You with Notice About Its PII Collection Practices upon request.**

When you voluntarily provide PII to TheLibertyMan.com, we will attempt to ensure that you are informed about who is collecting the information, how and why the information is being collected and the types of uses TheLibertyMan.com will make of the information.  
At the time you provide your PII, TheLibertyMan.com will normally notify you of your options regarding our use of PII, including whether we will share it with outside companies. This Policy describes the types of other companies that may want to send you information about their products and services and therefore may want to share your personal information, provided you have given TheLibertyMan.com permission to do so (see "Use" below).  
Sometimes we may collect personally identifiable information from consumers in manual format or off-line, such as a post card or subscription form. Providing detailed notice in those situations often proves impractical, so consumers will instead be provided with a short notice that describes how to obtain the full text of this Policy and other relevant information from us.  
TheLibertyMan.com's web site(s) may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with a TheLibertyMan.com logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by TheLibertyMan.com. TheLibertyMan.com's web site(s) also may carry advertisements from other companies. TheLibertyMan.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our site(s) or for the privacy practices of third party or national Internet advertising companies. Once you’ve left a TheLibertyMan.com site via such a link or by clicking on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine how they will handle any PII they collect from you. **

CHOICE: TheLibertyMan.com Will Provide You with Choices About the Use of Your PII

** TheLibertyMan.com will not use the PII you provide to us for purposes different from the purpose for which it was submitted or share your PII with third parties that are not affiliated with TheLibertyMan.com, unless we obtain your permission. **

USE: TheLibertyMan.com’s Use of PII

** TheLibertyMan.com will use your PII provided under this Policy in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. If TheLibertyMan.com obtains PII from a third party, such as a business partner, our use of that information is governed by this Policy.  Moreover, we will never have your credit card information because we use PayPal™ to process all online transactions via their secure servers..  
TheLibertyMan.com employees, agents and contractors must have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to your PII. TheLibertyMan.com may share your PII with outside contractors or agents who help us manage our information activities (i.e., administration, order fulfillment, statistical analyses) but they may only use your PII to provide TheLibertyMan.com with a specific service and not for any other purpose.  
TheLibertyMan.com may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess the technology that allows TheLibertyMan.com to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on our web sites. Your non-PII and click stream data about your activities on our sites may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. These companies will not share your information with any third party or use it for any other purposes. Anonymous click stream and demographic information may also be shared with TheLibertyMan.com’s advertisers and business partners.  
There may be instances when TheLibertyMan.com may disclose PII without providing you with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of TheLibertyMan.com, their employees, agents and contractors; to protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with the law or legal process. In addition, if TheLibertyMan.com sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, TheLibertyMan.com may transfer your PII to a third party as part of that transaction. **

SECURITY: TheLibertyMan.com Protects the Security of PII

** TheLibertyMan.com uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard PII in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. In addition, TheLibertyMan.com uses reasonable methods to make sure that PII is accurate, up-to-date and appropriately complete. 
