> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thelion.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-03-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090318200907id_/http%3A//www.thelion.com/bin/privacy.cgi) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TheLion.com - User

**Protecting Your Personal Privacy**   
_TheLion.com_ is strongly committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of its users. The purpose of this privacy statement is to assure you that when visiting _TheLion.com_ , we would never sell or compromise your personal information before gaining your permission. Please read the following to fully understand how _TheLion.com_ is committed in making our members feel comfortable with submitting personal information on our website. This statement discloses the privacy practices for the entire website. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this statement, feel free to contact [webmaster@thelion-inc.com](mailto:webmaster@thelion-inc.com)

**How Does _TheLion.com_ Gather Information DIFFERENTLY Comparing To Other Message Boards**   
In order to provide a better community for our members, you will ONLY be asked a series of general demographic questions when you register as a member at _TheLion.com_. The collected information is used to help determine general usage patterns and fine tune layout in order to ensure that our sites are as useful and enjoyable as possible. On the same page, you will have the chance of making a decision whether you would like to receive offers or promotions from high quality companies on subjects YOU select. If you agree in doing so, you will be brought to a page where all you have to do is check on the boxes of your interests, and click the "Submit" button. By clicking on the "Submit" button, your interests will be sent to our marketing partners where they can then determine what kind of promotions and information would be best suitable for you to receive. 

Before you post a message in one of our exciting message boards, you can choose to enable "cookie". A cookie is a small data file that contain bits of information that Web sites transfer to your computer's hard drive for record keeping purposes. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. _TheLion.com_ uses cookies for allowing our members to post messages without going through the hassle of logging in every time. 

Eventually, _TheLion.com_ will offer free real time quotes, and the information that you will need to supply when you first access Real Time Quotes is required by the New York Stock Exchange. It will be kept strictly confidential, unless requested by an Exchange. 

**Use of Information**  
_TheLion.com_ will only use any information voluntarily you give us to help us improve our sites. We track what our users like and don't like about our web sites, but not what they read. In order to help us to continue tailor our content to suit our users' needs, we might have to share some of this information with our advertisers to fully understand better of our audience's needs. This is very essential in keeping our services free. 

**Disclosure**  
_TheLion.com_ reserves the right to access and disclose individually identifiable information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate its systems properly or to protect itself or its users. Where practical, _TheLion.com_ will attempt to obtain the prior consent of the individual prior to disclosing individually identifiable information. 

**Opt-outs**  
_TheLion.com_ offers our members options wherever necessary to make visiting our site enjoyable and comfortable. Our members can option not to receive our electronic newsletters when registering for a site, as well as not to receive any information from 3rd party advertisers. You will see the opt-out link on each advertisement you receive. 

**What Else Should You Know About Your Privacy?**  
Please remember that whenever you disclose personal information publicly, for example, on message boards or through email, that information can be collected and used by others. At the same time, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. If you don't want strangers to send you email, don't post your email address on a message board. Furthermore, while we do our best to protect your personal information, _TheLion.com_ can not guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Basically, there are constantly people out there trying to obtain personal information about you without your consent. You must protect yourself. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be very careful and responsible whenever you're online.
