> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the themeparktourist.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100611212607id_/http%3A//www.themeparktourist.com/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Theme Park Tourist

We aim to make this privacy policy as easy to understand as possible. However, if there is anything that doesn't make sense to you, please don't hesitate to [contact us](https://web.archive.org/Contact).

### Information gathered about users

In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit.

Where registration is required, the visitor's e-mail address and a username will be stored on the server. Optionally you can provide us with your name, location, biography and website details. This will be displayed on your profile page. You do not have to provide us with any information beyond your e-mail address in order to register.

We will only use your e-mail address for registration and password reminder messages. We do offer an e-mail newsletter service, but this is on an opt-in basis.

E-mail addresses and other information will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties for any purpose.

In order to improve the site, we collect aggregate information on which pages users access or visit, and information volunteered by the user, such as survey information and/or site registrations.

If you have registered with the site, you may unregister by deleting your account from your user profile page, or by contacting us to request its deletion.

### Google Analytics

We currently use the Google Analytics service to help us understand how visitors use our site. Below is the standard Google Analytics privacy policy:

_"This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above."_

### Contact from other users

Users can allow other users to contact them through an e-mail form on their profile page (this does not directly display the user's e-mail address). This feature is optional and is turned off by default. Theme Park Tourist does not view or store these e-mails - they are sent directly to the end recipient.

### Advertising

We do not currently offer advertising on the site. To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, at some stage we may establish relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information.

We are committed to non-intrusive advertising. Theme Park Tourist does not and will not serve intrusive advertising (such as pop-up and pop-under ads). We will also not serve any "spyware" or "adware" from the site. We do not currently use banner advertising, and will not introduce it unless it can be done in a way that does not detract from users' experiences of our site.

If you see pop-up or pop-under advertising on Theme Park Tourist, please check your computer for spyware and adware, using a removal program such as [Spybot: Search and Destroy](http://www.safer-networking.org/). If you are certain that the ad originated from our server, please contact us immediately.

### Cookies

Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website.

You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.

Third party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes.

### Submitted content

Theme Park Tourist reserves the right to republish any comments or articles submitted to it in any medium at any time.

### Questions

If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, or feel that it is inaccurate or incomplete, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/Contact) and we will respond as soon as possible.
