> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the themanual.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040605083019id_/http%3A//themanual.com/policies/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# NetHere Privacy Policy

NetHere Inc. respects the privacy of every individual who visits our websites. This privacy statement provides notice of the standards and terms under which NetHere protects the privacy of information supplied by visitors to sites on the World Wide Web that are owned and operated by NetHere, including www.nethere.com. This privacy statement provides notice of our information collection practices and of the ways in which your information may be used. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically to review this information. 

**A. Personally-Identifiable Information:**

NetHere typically receives specific data about its website visitors only when such information is provided voluntarily, such as when our visitors request information, purchase or enroll for services, provide resume information for employment opportunities, or send us e-mail. Of course, some of these activities require that you give us information, such as when you make a purchase, use a credit card to pay for services, submit your resume, or request certain types of information. When you provide personally-identifiable information to NetHere through one of our websites, it will be used to fulfill your specific request. In most cases, you will be given the opportunity to select whether you do, or do not, want NetHere to use this information for additional purposes. You may also request that NetHere not use your information by sending an e-mail to privacy@nethere.com, however, NetHere reserves the right, in its discretion, to send you bulletins and other important information about your NetHere services. NetHere will not sell or trade your personally-identifiable information unless we are authorized or legally required to do so, or in the case of imminent physical harm to the visitor or others. On those NetHere sites where you may provide NetHere with credit card or other ordering information via the web, NetHere protects and secures this information by employing commercially customary web-based security and encryption protocols, an example of which include Secure Socket Layer (SSL). On those sites where you voluntarily offer any feedback, data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas or the like, NetHere will treat that portion of the information as non-confidential and non-proprietary and, except as otherwise expressed in this privacy statement, NetHere assumes no obligation to protect such information from disclosure. 

**B. Non Personally-Identifiable (Generic) Information:**

In general, NetHere gathers some generic information automatically. Generic information does NOT reveal the identity of the visitor. It usually includes information about the Internet address assigned to your computer, the number and frequency of visitors, and the NetHere sites visited. NetHere gathers this information for the limited purpose of determining customer service and website needs. We accomplish this by using certain technologies, including "cookies" (a technology that can be used to provide the visitor with tailored information about NetHere services). NetHere does not combine information collected in this way with any personally-identifiable information. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and you can refuse it. 

**C. Your NetHere -Hosted Website, Bulletin Boards, Chat Rooms and Third-Party Sites:**

Information that you disclose in a public space, including on any bulletin board, chat room, or website NetHere may host for you as part of your NetHere services, is available to anyone else who visits that space. NetHere cannot safeguard any information you disclose in these locations. Additionally, NetHere websites contain links to sites that belong to third parties unrelated to NetHere. NetHere cannot protect any information you may disclose in these sites and recommends that you review the privacy policy statements of those sites you visit. 

**D. Exceptions and Limitations:**

Notwithstanding the foregoing and in compliance with applicable laws, NetHere (i) cooperates fully with state, local, and federal officials in any investigation relating to any content (including personal or private electronic communications transmitted to NetHere) or purported unlawful activities of any user of the Service, and (ii) takes reasonable measures to protect its proprietary rights. For the limited purposes of accomplishing such cooperation and measures and in compliance with applicable laws, NetHere may be required to disclose personally identifiable information. In addition, NetHere may elect to monitor the areas of communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate NetHere; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of NetHere or others. In connection with the potential sale or transfer of any of its interest in www.nethere.com and other sites owned by the company, NetHere reserves the right to sell or transfer your information (including, but not limited to name, address information, and other information you provided to NetHere) to a third party that (i) concentrates its business in communication products or services; (ii) agrees to be NetHere's successor in interest with regard to the maintenance and protection of information collected and maintained by NetHere; and (iii) agrees to the obligations of this policy statement 

**E. Notification of Changes:**

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our site www.nethere.com so our users are can be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we would notify users by way of email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. 
