> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the themeparkinsider.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606021628id_/http%3A//www.themeparkinsider.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Theme Park Insider's Privacy Policy

Theme Park Insider is a public, global community covering theme parks and the themed entertainment and travel industries. Individuals who choose to register with the site may submit blog posts, comments, discussion threads and responses, location ratings, and a personal profile to the site. All information you submit to Theme Park Insider may be published on the site, so please do not submit any information to the site that you do not wish to share with the public. If you choose to submit information to Theme Park Insider, please read our [Rules for Writers](https://web.archive.org/ethics/) and for [Rules for Rating Attractions](http://www.themeparkinsider.com/news/response.cfm?ID=4190).

If you do not register with the website, but choose to submit a comment on posts that allow anonymous comments, your comment, if chosen for publication, will be identified by the IP address of the connection through which you accessed ThemeParkInsider.com.

If you register with Theme Park Insider, we will send a system-generated password to the email address you provide. You must log in with this password within one week to establish your account with the site. Otherwise, all information you submit upon your registration attempt will be deleted. Once you log in, Theme Park Insider will set a "cookie" on your Web browser that will allow you to remain logged into the site indefinitely. You will not need to use the system-generated password again, unless you choose to log in from a different device, or you log out and wish to log in again.

Pages on Theme Park Insider will attempt to set cookies in your browser. Cookies are used on this site to determine if an individual requesting a page is a registered user, and if so, who they are. A cookie is a line of text in your browser's folder on your personal computer. When a cookie is set, a website writes a line of text to that folder which includes the website's domain name and a unique user number. The cookie cannot access any other information on your computer, including your name, email address and passwords.

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may also set cookies and use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/).

Information collected by Theme Park Insider may be transferred along with the other assets of Theme Park Insider to any subsequent owners of the site. Theme Park Insider is private property and its owners reserve the right to remove from the site any user and/or his or her information at any time. Theme Park Insider reserves the right to republish any comments or articles submitted to it in any medium at any time.
