> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the themillionaireinpjs.net privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606154018id_/http%3A//www.themillionaireinpjs.net/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE themillionaireinpjs.com (" ** **Website**** "). The services provided within this Website (“ ** **Services**** ”) are for private individuals over 18 years old located in a country or jurisdiction where the specific Services provided comply with your local law or regulation. Therefore, please read the ****Terms & Conditions of Use**** before interacting and\or using this Website or any of the services provided in it.   It's important to us to assist visitors and users of the Website to retain their privacy when they take advantage of all the information, content and services in this Website. We are following a simple guide line, since your privacy is important to you it is also important to us. Therefore, although we are not collecting any confidential or personally identifiable information that you may share with third parties’ services through the Website.   Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting the Website, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.   It is our policy not to collect any information that personally identifies you (personally identifiable information (" ** **PII**** ")) through your use of this Website. However, through our advertising services, you may wish to use certain services provided through a link, an iframe or other technological means on the Website which are owned and operated by third parties (“ ** **3PS**** ”). Please note that we do not have any control of such 3PS’ services and we do not have any access to any information exchanges between you and any of such 3PS. We encourage you to read such 3PS services’ terms of use and privacy policy prior of your interaction with their services.   Because your privacy is important to us, we maintain the following privacy policy, that may change from time to time, to protect your PII. 

  1. ****Information Collection****. We collect several types of information, such as: 
    1. Information that you provide. 
      1. You may provide us with a name and e-mail address.
      2. You may provide such information by one of our forms which help us provide you with the means to subscribe to one of the 3PS’ services or participate in any other activity with us.
    2. ****Information we receive from other sources****. We may receive none PII about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive non PII information about you from them.
    3. ****Website Activity****. 
      1. Certain none PII Website activity information is automatically collected and logged by our servers for research and development purposes. Such information includes IP address used to connect user's computer to the Internet, username(if applicable), date and time of visit, content and files accessed, ‘referrer’ information if user clicked on an external link to access our webpages, browser type and version, device type and version, Internet service provider, mobile carrier, time zone setting, language settings, connection type, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and any other technical information.
      2. We may collect specific information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
    4. ****Cookies****. We use cookies for the purpose of your connection and session on our Website's servers, distinguish you from other users of our Website, obtaining Website activity and in some cases for security and authentication purposes. Cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Website and also allows us to improve our site, and offer you additional content recommendations when viewing other websites.
    5. ****Identifiable Personal Information****. We do not collect any of your PII. Your PII may only be collected by 3PS and only when you agree to voluntarily provide it through one of their PII collection forms or through a direct interaction with such 3PS’ services. Generally, this information is requested when you create a registration ID with the said 3PS’s services.
  2. ****NO Collection of**** ** **Y**** ** **our PII****. 
    1. We do not collect, use or disclose any of your PII for any purpose, other than those outlined in this policy without your consent or as required by law.
    2. Only 3PS may collect PII for providing you with their services and products.
    3. When you purchase or receive any service or product, such 3PS may ask you to register electronically. When you do so, such 3PS may merge your registration information with any none PII information you've already left with us.
  3. ****Communication****. 
    1. If you do not want us to communicate with you about other offers regarding products, programs, events, or services through the email you provided us, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive such marketing messages.
    2. We occasionally allow other companies to offer, through us, to the Website registered visitors’ information about their products and services, using email only. If you do not want to receive these offers, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing materials from third parties.
    3. We do our best efforts to process and adhere to such request in an automated manner, however such request may fail to execute automatically, If your request for not receiving any further offers and/or information was not processed, please send an immediate email to: support@themillionaireinpjs.com in order for us to process your request manually, such request may be processed within a maximum of 2 business days.
  4. ****Security****. 
    1. We took measures to protect the security of your email from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
    2. Please note that you also have a significant role in protecting your information. Please take reasonable precautions prior of providing your PII to 3PS.
  5. ****Notice to Parents****. 
    1. Parents or guardians please note that we want to help you guard your children's privacy. Therefore, we encourage you to talk to your children about safe and responsible use of their personal Information while using the Internet.
    2. Most of the services published on the Website are NOT targeted to children.
  6. ****Compliance****. 
    1. If for some reason you believe some of this policy principles were not kept, please notify us by email at support@themillionaireinpjs.com, and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly.
    2. our Website might show content provided by third parties such as advertisers and\or provide links to third party's content \ website(s) \ services \ products. Although we are not responsible for such content, we do take care of our visitors. Therefore, any content displayed on the Website that you believe for some reason to be improper, defamatory or harmful in any or any other way, please notify us by email at support@themillionaireinpjs.com, and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly.

   
