> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the themp3converter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-10-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151010103730id_/http%3A//www.themp3converter.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - The MP3 Converter

### Privacy Policy

You as the owner of your video have complete rights over your videos. Please send an email to "themp3converter@outlook.com" together with the URL of your YouTube video, our support team will disallow the download of your video within 3 - 24 hours. If you are representing a company we will be more than glad to provide access to our control panel from where you & your company can disallow downloads of your YouTube videos. For more information about this, please contact: "themp3converter@outlook.com". 

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. 
