> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the themezee.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-04-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180402120945id_/https%3A//themezee.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – ThemeZee

[Hier klicken](https://themezee.com/de/datenschutz/) für deutsche Fassung der Datenschutzerklärung (privacy policy in German).

## Data Protection

The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and according to the legal data protection regulations and this Privacy Policy.

The use of our website is generally possible without providing personal data. Personal data, such as names, addresses or email addresses, are always provided on a voluntary basis when possible. Those data will not be passed on to third parties without your explicit permission.

However, we would like to point out that data transmissions via internet (e.g email communication) cannot be entirely secure and may have security vulnerabilities. A complete protection of personal details against unauthorised access by third parties is not possible.

## Cookies

This website partially uses so-called cookies. Cookies do not cause damage to your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies allow us to make our product more user-friendly, more efficient and more secure. Cookies are small text files, stored by your browser on your computer.

Most cookies that we use are so-called “session cookies”. They will be deleted automatically after the end of your visit. Other cookies remain on your terminal device until you delete them. Those cookies enable us to recognise your browser on your next visit.

You can adjust your browser to inform you when cookies are placed, to individually allow cookies, or to generally exclude cookies in certain cases, as well as to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. The deactivation of cookies may impair the functionality of this website.

## Server-log-files

The provider of these websites automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files which your browser automatically transmits to us, such as:

  * browser type/version
  * used operating system
  * referrer URL
  * host name of the accessing computer
  * time of query



Those data cannot be associated with individual persons. We do not merge this data with other sources. We reserve the right to retrospectively check the data if there is any indication of illegal use.

## Contact form

If you send enquiries to us via the contact form, your data entered into the contact form, including the stated contact information, are stored for the purpose of dealing with your enquiry and in case of additional enquiries. Those data will not be passed on without your permission.

## Newsletter

If you would like to receive the newsletter offered on our website, we require your email address as well as information which allows us to check that you are the owner of the provided email address and that you agree to receive the newsletter. Further data will not be collected. We use those data exclusively for sending the requested information and do not transmit them to third parties.

Permission given for the storage of the data and the email address, as well as their use for the purpose of sending the newsletter, can be withdrawn at any time via the “Unsubscribe”-link within the newsletter.

## Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a website analysis service by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.

Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer to analyse your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually sent to and stored at a Google server in the U.S.A.

You will find more information concerning the treatment of user data by Google Analytics in Google’s Privacy Policy: <https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de>

**Browser Plugin**

You may prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting the settings of your browser; however, if you do so, you may be unable to use all features of this website. Further, you may prevent the collection of data generated by cookies (including your IP address) and related to the use of these websites, as well as the processing of such data by Google, by downloading and installing the plug-in under the following link: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>

**Objection to Data Collection**

You may prevent the collection of data by Google Analytics by clicking the following link. In doing so, an Opt-Out-Cookie will be placed which prevents future data collection when visiting our website: Disable Google Analytics

 **Processing of Order Data**

We have entered into a contract with Google concerning the processing of order data and fully comply with the strict provisions of German Data Protection Authorities when using Google Analytics.

 **IP-anonymisation**

We use the function “Activate IP anonymisation”. Through this, your IP address will be shortened in advance within the member states of the European Union or other contractual states of the Treaty on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, your complete IP address will be transmitted to a server in the U.S.A. and shortened there. Commissioned by the operators of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities for website operators and to provide other services related to website and internet activities. Google will not merge your IP address with any other data held by Google.

 **Demographic Data Collection by Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics’ demographic features. This allows reports to be generated containing statements about the age, gender, and interests of site visitors. This data comes from Google’s interest-based advertising as well as visitor data from third-party providers. This collected data cannot be attributed to any specific person. You can disable this feature at any time by adjusting the ads settings in your Google account, or you can forbid the collection of your data by Google Analytics as described in the section “Refusal of data collection.”

## Facebook-Plug-ins (Like-Button)

Our websites integrate plug-ins from the social network Facebook, Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. You can recognise these plugins by the Facebook logo or the Like-Button on our site. For an overview of Facebook plugins, please see: <http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/>.

If you visit our websites, a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server is established by this plug-in. In this way, Facebook receives information that you have visited our websites with your IP-address. If you click the Facebook “Like” button while you are logged on to your Facebook account, you may link the contents of our websites to your Facebook account. Thereby Facebook can associate your visit to our websites with your Facebook account. We would like to point out that we as providers of these websites do not obtain knowledge about the content of the transmitted data as well as the use of such by Facebook. For further information, please check the Privacy Policy of Facebook under <https://www.facebook.com/policy.php>.

If you do not wish Facebook to associate your visit of our websites to your Facebook account, please log out of your Facebook account.

## Twitter

Functions of the service Twitter are integrated on our websites. These functions are offered by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. By using Twitter as well as the function “Re-Tweet”, websites you visit are linked to your Twitter account and posted to other users. In doing so, data will be transmitted to Twitter. We would like to point out that we as providers of this websites do not obtain knowledge about the content of those data. For further information, please check the Twitter Privacy Policy: <http://twitter.com/privacy>.

The privacy settings of your Twitter account can be adjusted under:: <http://twitter.com/account/settings>

## Google+

Our websites integrate services of Google+. The provider of these services is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.

Collection and forwarding of Information: By using the Google+ button you may publish information worldwide. Via the Google+ button you and other users receive personalised content from Google and our partners. Google stores the information that you have voted +1 for content, as well as information about the website that you were visiting when you clicked the +1 button. Your +1 votes may be published or displayed as notices, together with your profile name and your picture at Google services, such as search results, your Google profile or at other places on websites.

Google records information about your +1 activities in order to improve Google services for you and others. To be able to use the Google+ button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile which must contain at least the user name chosen for this profile. This name will be used for all Google services. In some cases this name may be replaced by another name which you have used when sharing contents via your Google account. Your Google account ID can be displayed to users who know your email address or possess any other information identifying you.

Use of collected information: Besides the above mentioned designated purposes, the details provided by you are treated according to current Google data protection regulations. Google may publish summarised statistics about +1 activities of users or pass those statistics on to users and contractual partners like publishers, advertisers or linked websites, respectively.

## Google Web Fonts

For the homogenous display of fonts, this website uses so-called web fonts that are provided by Google. On retrieving a website your browser downloads the necessary web fonts to your browser cache in order to correctly display texts and fonts. If your browser does not support web fonts, your computer uses a standard font.

For further information, please see <https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq> as well as Google’s Privacy Policy: <https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/>

## YouTube

Our website uses plugins from the Google-operated website YouTube. The provider of the website is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our websites with an embedded YouTube-plugin, a connection to YouTube servers will be established. Information about which of our websites you have visited will then be transmitted to the YouTube server.

If you are logged on to your YouTube account, you allow YouTube to associate your browsing behaviour with your personal profile. You may prevent this by logging out of YouTube.

You will find further information concerning the treatment of user data in the YouTube Privacy Policy under: <https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy>

## Google Analytics Remarketing

Our websites use the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in connection with the cross-device functions of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. The provider of these technologies is Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.

This function enables a linking of commercial target groups compiled by Google Analytics Remarketing with the cross-device functions of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. As such, customized, interest-targeted commercials adapted for display on a terminal device (e.g. cell phone) in accordance with your previous usage and browsing behaviour can be also displayed on another of your terminal devices (e.g. PC, tablet).

If you have given the appropriate permission, Google will link your web and app browser history with your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same customized commercials will be displayed on any terminal device on which you are logged in to your Google account.

In order to support this function, Google Analytics collects Google-authenticated IDs of users, which are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics Data, to identify and to compile target groups for cross-device advertising.

You can permanently object to cross-device remarketing/targeting by deactivating customised commercials in your Google account by using the link below: <https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/>

You will find further information and data protection regulations in Google’s Privacy Policy under: <http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/>

## Google AdWords and Google conversion tracking

This site uses Google AdWords. AdWords is an online advertising program from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”).

As part of Google AdWords, we use so-called conversion tracking. When you click an ad delivered by Google, a cookie for conversion tracking is stored on your computer. Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of the user’s browser. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification of the user. Should the user visit certain pages of the website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and the website can tell that the user clicked on the ad and proceeded to that page.

Each Google AdWords advertiser has a different cookie. Thus, cookies cannot be tracked using the website of an Adwords advertiser. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for the Adwords advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking. The Adwords advertisers can find out the total number of users who have clicked on their ad and were directed to the page with a conversion tracking tag. The advertisers do not, however, obtain any information that can be used to identify users personally. If you do not wish to participate in tracking, you can refuse by simply deactivating the Google conversion tracking cookie via your internet browser settings. In doing so, you will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics.

For more information about Google AdWords and Google conversion tracking, please see Google’s privacy policy at: <http://www.google.de/policies/privacy/>

You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. The disabling of cookies may limit your ability to use some of the functions of this website.

## Registration with this websites

You can register with this website to be able to use additional functions on this website. The data entered for this purpose will only be used for the respective offer or service for which you have registered.

We also use the email address provided upon registration to inform you about important changes, such as a change in the extent of an offer, or a technical change.

## Comment function on this website

For the comment function on this website, your comment as well as details provided at the time of commenting, your email address and, unless you post anonymously, the chosen username will be stored.

 **Storage of the IP address**

Our comment function stores IP addresses of users who post comments. Since we do not check the comments before publishing on our website, we require access to these data should the need arise for legal action against the originator in the case of violation of law, i.e. insults or propaganda.

 **Subscription to comments**

As user of this website you may subscribe to comments after user registration. You receive a confirmation email to check whether you are the owner of the provided email address. You can unsubscribe from this function at any time via the link in the info emails.

## SSL Encryption

For security reasons, and to protect the transmission of confidential data, such as enquiries you send to us as the provider, this website uses an SSL encryption. You can recognise an encrypted connection by the change in the address line of the browser from “http://” to “https://” and by the lock-symbol in your browser address line.

When the SSL encryption is activated, the data you have transmitted to us cannot be accessed by third parties.

## Processing of data (customer data and contract data)

We collect, process and use personal data only as far as necessary for the establishment of, content-related arrangement of, or change of, the legal relationship (personal data). We only collect, process and use personal data about the use of our websites (usage data) insofar as it is necessary to establish or invoice the use of the service.

## Transmission of data on contract conclusion for services and digital contents

We transmit personal data to third parties only if it is necessary to fulfill the contract, e.g transmitting data to the commissioned credit institution in charge of the payment.

There is no further transmission of data to third parties unless you have given your explicit permission. There is no transmission of data to third parties for commercial purposes.

## Encrypted payment transaction on this website

Payment transactions via common methods of payment (Visa/Mastercard, direct debit) take place exclusively via an encrypted SSL connection. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the change in the browser line from “http://” to “https://” and the lock-symbol in your browser line.

In using encrypted communication, any bank details, which you submit to us, cannot be read by third parties.

## Right to Information, Deletion, Blocking

You have the right to be informed about your personal data, their origin and recipients, and the purpose of data processing, as well as the right to correct, block or delete those data at any time and free of charge. For further questions, and questions concerning personal data, feel free to contact us under the address published in the impressum/legal notice.

## Objection to commercial mails

Providers are obligated to publish contact information in the Legal Notice/Impressum. The use of such contact information by third parties for the purpose of distributing unsolicited advertisements or other commercial information is prohibited. The operators of this website reserve the right to take legal measures against senders of unsolicited commercial information, e.g. spam emails etc.
