> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thenakedconvos.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181225184252id_/http%3A//thenakedconvos.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting The Naked Convos, which is owned and operated by Helium Media (“we” “our” or “us”). We want you to know how information about you is collected, used, and shared with others. We also want you to know about the choices you have when you visit us at http://thenakedconvos.com (the “Site”).

**Information We Collect**  
When you visit our Site, send us or a Site writer an email, submit or comment on an article, or otherwise communicate with us or a Site writer, we may collect or have access to personal information that you voluntarily provide to us, a Site writer, or third parties acting on our behalf. We may also collect personal information from third parties, including without limitation, our business partners for marketing purposes and to deliver products or services you request. Personal information is information through which you can be identified such as your name, email address, photograph, and telephone number.

If you engage with our Site content through third-party social networking sites, we may have access to certain information associated with your social media account such as your name, email address, photograph, birthday, location, and people you follow or like. For information on controlling access to your personal information through social networking sites, you should review their privacy policies and terms of use.

We may use (or authorize third parties to use) web beacons, cookies, pixel tags, scripts, e-tags and other technologies (“Tracking Technologies”) at our Site to collect information about you, your online behavior, your computer, and your mobile device to optimize Site functionality, collect statistics, and deliver content tailored to your interests. Such information may include, without limitation, the type of browser and operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider, your geographic location, the pages you visit, how long you visit each page, the unique number assigned to your server or Internet connection, etc. These are stored in log files. We may combine this automatically collected information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve the services we offer you, to improve marketing and analytics or site functionality. We may also collect anonymized cookies and other data obtained through Tracking Technologies from third parties for ad-targeting purposes.  
At this time, we do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “do not track” instructions. However, you can change some of your privacy preferences through your browser. For example, you can delete browser cookies from your computer or set your browser to reject browser cookies. However, doing so may limit some functionalities of our Site. Also, blocking or deleting browser cookies may not block or delete other types of cookies including flash cookies. We use Local Storage (LS) such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use HTML5 or Local Shared Objects (LSO’s) such as Flash Cookies to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. For additional information about browser privacy preferences, please consult the “Help” section of your browser.

Our Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button, and widgets, such as the “Share This” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These features may collect your Internet protocol address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing the features.

**Use of Information We Collect**  
We may use the information we collect for our own marketing and non-marketing purposes. For example, we may use your personal information to alert you to upcoming articles, features, or events. With your permission, we may share your personal information with third parties in the United States and other jurisdictions for marketing purposes.

We may also share information collected through Tracking Technologies with third parties in Nigeria and other jurisdictions for marketing and non-marketing purposes. For example, information collected through Tracking Technologies may be shared with our affiliates and business partners for joint marketing purposes or for their own marketing purposes. We may also license or sell information collected through Tracking Technologies to third parties for marketing and non-marketing purposes. In addition, we may merge personal information with information collected through Tracking Technologies and with information we may obtain from other sources and, as a result, such information may become personal information.

If you do not want us to use or share your personal information for marketing purposes, you may opt-out in accordance with the “How to Opt-Out” section below. In some instances, you may also opt-out of the use of information collected through Tracking Technologies for online behavioral advertising in accordance with the “How to Opt-Out” section below. Please note that even if you opt-out, we may still use and share your personal information with third parties for non-marketing purposes such as fulfilling your requests, responding to your inquiries, etc. In such cases, the companies with whom we share your personal information are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these non-marketing services.

We may share or transfer your personal information and information collected through Tracking Technologies and other sources if we enter into a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or sale of some or all of our assets. Any party that acquires our assets as part of such a transaction may continue to use your information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy. We may also disclose this information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.

**Information Collected by Third Parties  **  
Some content on our Site may be hosted, sponsored by or co-branded with third parties who may obtain personal information from you if you voluntarily submit such information or participate in sponsored or co-branded activities such as sweepstakes and promotions. When you provide your personal information to such third parties, their privacy policy will detail how you may exercise choice regarding your personal information use and further sharing. We are not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices of such third parties. Therefore, you should review their privacy practices carefully before participating or providing personal information to such third parties.

Third parties may also serve advertisements and use Tracking Technologies to collect information about you and your activities at our Site such as the links you click, the advertisements you see and click, the categories of search terms you enter, etc. These companies may use the information collected at our Site and other websites for a variety of purposes including, without limitation analytics and providing advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. This type of advertising customization is sometimes referred to as “online behavioral” or “interest-based” advertising.

Please note that the use of Tracking Technologies by third parties at our Site is subject to their own privacy policies, not our privacy policy. If you would like more information about your choices concerning online behavioral advertising, including how you may opt-out of some uses of information collected by members of the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance, see the “How to Opt-Out” section below.

**How to Opt-Out   **  
If you do not want personal information that we collect about you to be used for our own marketing purposes or to be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes, you can opt-out of such use and sharing by emailing your request to us at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) with the words “OPT-OUT” in the subject line of the email.

**Links to other Websites**  
Our Site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices of other websites. For example, if you click on an advertisement that links to another website, this privacy policy will not apply to information collected at that other website. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of other websites before you visit those websites or provide any personal information.

**Submissions and Comments  **  
You can submit articles for publication at our Site by completing a “Write Post” form. The information you provide on the submissions form is subject to our privacy policy.

You can also post your own comments and other information at our Site (“Comments”) through our comments platform. Comments posted at our Site are subject to our privacy policy. Because our Site receives significant traffic and is accessible to anyone on the Internet, you should not submit articles or post Comments that are private or that you do not want to be used and viewed by others. You are solely responsible for any legal or other repercussions that occur as a result of articles you submit or Comments you post at our Site. We assume no responsibility or liability which may arise from your articles or Comments. Please note that when you post comments, we will have access to your email address even if it is not accessible to the public. However, we will not use your email address for marketing purposes unless you otherwise consent to such use (for example, by signing up for our newsletter).

**Access to Personal Information  **  
You may access, update, and correct inaccuracies in your personal information which is in our custody and control by emailing us at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) We may request certain personal information from you for the purposes of verifying your identity. We will respond to your request within 30 days.

**Data Retention**  
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide services you request (our newsletter, author profiles, etc.). We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

**Security**  
We have implemented administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of personal information in our custody or control. However, we cannot guarantee that these safeguards will prevent the unauthorized access, use or disclosure of your personal information.

**Persons Under 18**  
Our Site is not intended for persons under 18 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under 18. If you are the parent or guardian of a person under 18 and believe that he or she has provided personal information to us, please contact us at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) and we will delete their information promptly.

**Visitors Outside Nigeria**  
Our business is located in Nigeria. Any information that you provide to us may be transferred to and processed in Nigeria. By using this Site, you consent to your information being collected, used, and transferred as disclosed herein.

**Revisions to this Privacy Policy**  
We may revise this privacy policy from time-to-time in our sole discretion. We will provide notice to you by posting a notice to this Site before we make any material changes to our privacy practices or to this policy. Please visit this Site and review our privacy policy periodically for changes. By continuing to access or use our Site after changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the terms of the revised privacy policy.  
Effective: August 5, 2016  
Helium Media Limited
