> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thenib.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171119074308id_/https%3A//thenib.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy

_Effective Date:_ _**Oct 23, 2017**_

This Privacy Policy describes how First Look Productions, Inc. (" **First Look** ," " **we** ," " **our** " or " **us** ") collects, uses, and shares information about you and applies to your use of our websites, mobile applications, and online service locations that post a link to this Privacy Policy as well as all features, content, and other services that we own, control, and make available through such online service locations (collectively, the " **Services** "). This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information collected outside of the Services, including offline or through other means (for example, via telephone or through the mail), unless otherwise stated below or at the time of collection. By using the Services, you agree to our collection, use, and disclosure practices, and other activities as described in this Privacy Policy and our [**_Terms of Service_**](https://www.topic.com/terms-of-service). If you do not agree, discontinue use of the Services.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please [_contact us_](mailto:legal@firstlook.media).

## Types of information we collect

### Information you voluntarily supply

We and our Service Providers (defined below) may collect and store information that you voluntarily supply to us while using our Services. This may include personally identifying information if you choose to provide it. Personally identifying information is information that identifies you personally (whether alone or in combination).In accessing and using our Services, you may have the opportunity to voluntarily submit some or all of the following types of information:

  * Contact information, such as your first and last name, username, email address, postal address, and payment card information;
  * Information when you sign up to receive our email newsletters;
  * Information you provide when using or subscribing to our content, such as comics and podcasts;
  * Information you include in correspondence you send to First Look or one of the contributors or journalists whose work appears on our Services; and
  * Information you include in comments you post on any of our Services.



In some cases, we may collect information that you provide about others, including personally identifying information, such as when you share our newsletter with a friend. We will use the information you provide to fulfill your requests, such as sending our newsletter to your friend's email address. By using this functionality, you acknowledge and agree that both you and your friend are based in the United States and that you have your friend's consent for us to use his or her contact information to fulfill your request.You may choose to voluntarily submit certain other information to us through the Services, including personally identifying information, but you are solely responsible for your own personally identifying information in instances where we have not requested that you submit such information to us. Also, if you make information public through our Service, such as in response to one of our posts, that information is not treated as personally identifying information under this Privacy Policy, and you are solely responsible for that information.Personally identifying information once "de-identified" is not subject to this Privacy Policy and we and our Service Providers may treat it as non-personally identifying information and use it without obligation to you except as prohibited by applicable law.

### Information that is automatically collected

We and our Service Providers may collect and store information that is generated automatically as you navigate through our Services (" **Usage Information** "). Usage Information may include the type of device you're using (computer, mobile phone, tablet, etc.), the operating system running on that device, the type and version of browser software you're using, the resolution of your computer monitor or other device display, the screen colors available on your device, the website that referred you, and your IP address and device identifier. To the extent that we combine Usage Information with your personally identifying information, we will treat the combined information as personally identifying information under this Privacy Policy.In certain circumstances, we may need to transmit or display to others your personally identifying information along with information pertaining to your viewing habits of video content. By using the Service, you consent to our doing so.The methods that may be used on the Services to collect Usage Information include:

  *  **Log Information** : Log information is data about your use of the Services, such as IP address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, and related data, which is stored in log files.
  *  **Information Collected by Tracking Technologies** : Cookies, web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels"), embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, device fingerprinting, in-app tracking methods, and other tracking technologies now and hereafter developed (" **Tracking Technologies** ") may be used to collect information about your interactions with the Services and content, including information about your browsing and activity behavior. 
  * **Cookies** : Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. A cookie may be a session ID cookie or tracking cookie. Session cookies make it easier for you to navigate the Services and expire when you close your browser. Tracking cookies help in understanding how you use Services and remain longer. Cookies may remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time. If you use your browser's method of blocking or removing cookies, some features and functionalities of the Services may not work. The Services may associate some or all of these types of cookies with your devices.
  *  **Web Beacons ("Tracking Pixels")** : Web beacons are small graphic images, also known as "internet tags" or "clear gifs," embedded in web pages and email messages. Web beacons may be used to provide information about how our visitors use our Services and how they interact with our email newsletters and with our stories that appear on other websites.
  *  **Embedded Scripts** : An embedded script is programming code designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services. It is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third party with whom we work, is active only while you are connected to the Services, and deleted or deactivated thereafter.
  *  **Location-identifying Technologies** : GPS (global positioning systems) software, geo-filtering, and other location-aware technologies locate (sometimes precisely) you for purposes such as verifying your location and delivering or restricting relevant content based on your location.
  *  **Device Fingerprinting** : Device fingerprinting is the process of analyzing and combining sets of information elements from your device's browser, such as JavaScript objects and installed fonts, in order to create a "fingerprint" of your device and uniquely identify your device and applications.
  *  **In-App Tracking Methods** : There are a variety of tracking technologies that may be included in mobile applications, and these are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be controlled by browser settings. Some use device identifier, or other identifiers such as "Ad IDs" to associate app user activity to a particular app and to track user activity across apps.



Some information about your use of the Services and certain Third-Party Services may be collected using Tracking Technologies across time and services and used by us and third parties for purposes such as to associate different devices you use, and deliver relevant ads and/or other content to you on the Services and certain Third-Party Services. For further information on Tracking Technologies and your choices regarding them, please see "Third-Party Services, Analytics, and Advertising" and "Your Choices" below.

### Information from other sources

We may obtain information about you from other sources, including Service Providers and Third-Party Services, and combine such information with information we have collected about you. For instance, we receive information about your purchases and inquiries from our third-party payment processors and fulfillment partners. To the extent we combine such third-party sourced information with personally identifying information we have collected about you on the Services, we will treat the combined information as personally identifying information under this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the accuracy of any information provided by third parties or third-party policies or practices.

### How we use collected information

We use the information we collect from visitors to our Services for any purposes consistent with our statements under this Privacy Policy or as permitted by applicable law. For example, we use your information to manage our Services and content, deliver content to our users, provide products and subscriptions, and improve our Services and the services and features we offer. We also use your information to communicate with you for customer service purposes, inform you of important changes or additions to our Services, and prevent and address fraud, breach of policies or terms, and threats or harm. In addition, we use your information to recognize users who have previously posted comments on or interacted with our Services; to better understand and serve our audience; to monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities; to heighten user engagement with our Services; and to tell you about other products and services offered by First Look or its affiliates and products and services of selected others that we think may be of interest to you (for information about how to manage these communications and marketing efforts, please see "Your Choices" below). We may also use your information to fulfill any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide your information.

## Disclosure of information

Our agents, vendors, consultants, and other service providers (collectively " **Service Providers** ") may receive or be given access to your information, including personally identifying information and Usage Information, in connection with their work on our behalf. These Service Providers are prohibited from using your personally identifying information for any purpose other than to provide this assistance, although we may permit them to use aggregate information which does not identify you or de-identified data for other purposes. We may also share information about you with third parties for any purposes consistent with our statements under this Privacy Policy or as permitted by applicable law, including as follows:

  * When we send you email newsletters and other communications, we may use a Service Provider to send the emails on our behalf;
  * When you purchase a product or subscribe to our Services, we may share your information with our payment processors and fulfillment partners;
  * We may share information with our Service Providers and third parties in support of creating and promoting our content, such as comics and podcasts;
  * We may release information about our visitors if required to do so by law or if, in our judgment, such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, to enforce our Terms of Service, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of visitors to our Services, our employees, or others;
  * In the event that we sell some or all of our assets, or one or more of our Services is acquired by another company, information about our visitors may be among the transferred assets;
  * With our affiliates for internal business purposes;
  * With our affiliates, business partners, and other third parties for their own business purposes, including direct marketing purposes (California residents have certain rights set forth in "Your California Privacy Rights" below);
  * For purposes disclosed at the time you provide personally identifying information; and
  * With your consent or at your direction.



Without limiting the foregoing, in our sole discretion, we may share aggregated information that does not identify you or de-identified information about you with third parties or affiliates for any purpose.

## Sweepstakes, contests, and promotions

We may offer sweepstakes, contests, surveys, and other promotions (each, a " **Promotion** ") jointly sponsored or offered by third parties that may require submitting personally identifying information. If you voluntarily choose to enter a Promotion, your personally identifying information may be disclosed to third parties for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering, you agree to the official rules that govern that Promotion, and you permit, except where prohibited by applicable law, the sponsor and/or other parties to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials.

## Third-party services, analytics, and advertising

Our Services include hyperlinks to websites, locations, platforms, and/or services operated by third parties (collectively, " **Third-Party Service(s)** "). These Third-Party Services may use Tracking Technologies to independently collect information about you and may solicit personally identifying information from you.You may interact with content on our Services through social media sharing tools and other social media platforms and services we use (collectively, " **Social Features** "). Examples of Social Features include "liking" or "sharing" our content and otherwise connecting our Services to a Third-Party Service. You may also interact with content on our Services, such as comics and podcasts, through platforms that host or embed them through our Services. These Third-Party Services may share the information they collect with us. We do not control the information that these Third-Party Services collect when you use their tools, nor do we control how the third parties that operate the Third-Party Services use any information they collect. We encourage you to review their privacy policies before using their tools, which can be found at their respective sites. If you'd prefer that these Third-Party Services not collect information about the content you share and use, we suggest that you not use their tools. Also, if you post information on a Third-Party Service that references our Services (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with First Look in a tweet or status update), your post may be used on or in connection with our Services. To help us understand how users are using our Services and to help us improve our Services, we may deploy our own analytics engine in addition to engaging third-party analytics Service Providers to collect aggregate information on our audience and how our audience uses our Services (for example, information on traffic to various pages within our Services). These Service Providers may use this information for purposes such as evaluating your use of the Services, compiling statistic reports on the Service's activity, and providing other services relating to Services activity and other internet usage. We may use services to provide shortened uniform resource locators (URLs: the "addresses" of individual web pages) so our content can be shared more easily. These services collect information as our shortened URLs are shared and clicked on and may make some of that information available to us.We may also engage and work with third parties to serve advertisements on the Services and/or on Third-Party Services. These third parties may use Tracking Technologies to tailor ads to your interests based on your browsing of the Services and elsewhere on the internet, sometimes referred to as "interest-based advertising" and "online behavioral advertising (" **Interest-based Advertising** "), which may include sending you an ad on a Third-Party Service after you have left the Services (i.e., "retargeting"). In addition, we may serve ads on third party services that are targeted to reach people on those services that are also identified on one of more of our data bases (" **Matched List Ads** "). This is done by matching common factors between our data bases and the data bases of Third Party Services. For instance, we may use such ad services offered by Facebook or Twitter. If we use Facebook to serve Matched List Ads on Facebook services, you should be able to hover over the box in the right corner of such a Facebook ad and find out how to opt-out with us from such list. If you opt-out from our Facebook Matched List Ads, we will remove the matching personally identifiable information from that list, however, this will not take effect immediately and if you have multiple emails or other accounts you may have to opt-out separately for each one. To opt-out of Matched List Ads on Twitter services, visit the DAA’s opt-out website and app as further specified in “Analytics and Advertising Tracking Technologies” below. We are not responsible for such third-party services' failure to comply with your or our opt-out instructions. To the extent we combine information from Third-Party Services with personally identifying information we collect directly from you on the Services, we will treat the combined information as personally identifying information under this Privacy Policy. Otherwise, the information collected and stored by third parties remains subject to their policies and practices, including whether they continue to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices on what is visible to others on Third-Party Services. We are not responsible for and make no representations regarding the policies or business practices of any third parties or Third-Party Services and encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use. For further information on Tracking Technologies and your choices regarding them, please see "Information Collected Automatically" above and "Your Choices" below.

## Your choices

### Accessing and changing your information

You may access, update, or remove information we have about you that you have voluntarily submitted to us through the Services, such as your name and email address, by sending an email to us [_here_](mailto:support@firstlook.media). We may require additional information from you to allow us to confirm your identity. Please note that we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

### Tracking technologies generally

Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some instances blocked in the future by selecting certain settings. However, if you don’t accept cookies, you won’t receive the benefits that cookies provide. For example, a cookie may enable you to resume a video you watched in a previous visit. Further, cookies may be necessary for services to work as intended, such as keeping you logged in to a secure part of our site. Browsers offer different functionalities and options so you may need to set them separately. Please be aware that your ability to limit browser-based Tracking Technologies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "Do Not Track" signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, we do not monitor or take action with respect to "Do Not Track" signals or other mechanisms. For more information on "Do Not Track," visit [_http://www.allaboutdnt.com_](http://www.allaboutdnt.com/).

### Analytics and advertising tracking technologies

You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies by third party analytics providers. To opt-out of Google Analytics tracking, visit [_https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout_](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) or download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. To opt-out of Parse.ly tracking, visit [_http://srv.config.parsely.com/optout_](http://srv.config.parsely.com/optout). Other third party analytics providers may offer their own opt-outs.You may choose whether to receive Interest-based Advertising by submitting opt-outs. Some of the advertisers and Service Providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our partners may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (" **DAA** ") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. To learn more about how you can exercise certain choices regarding Interest-based Advertising, visit [_http://www.aboutads.info/choices_](http://www.aboutads.info/choices), and [_http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices_](http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices) for information on the DAA's opt-out program for mobile apps. Some of these companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (" **NAI** "). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, see [_http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/_](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/). Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt-out of certain kinds of Interest-based Advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads. Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest-based Advertising to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). First Look is not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties' opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. In order to opt out of Interest-based Advertising under the Twitter Website Conversions Objective Beta Program, you must both (a) use the Do Not Track functionality in your web browser; and (b) follow the instructions at [_http://www.aboutads.info/choices_](http://www.aboutads.info/choices), [_http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/_](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/), or any successor or related websites where users can access the interest-based opt-out mechanisms provided by the companies participating in such programs.

### Communications

You can opt-out of receiving certain promotional communications (emails, text messages, and push notifications) from us at any time by (i) for emails, following the instructions as provided in emails to click on the unsubscribe link, or contacting us [_here_](mailto:support@firstlook.media) with the word UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject field of the email; (ii) for text messages, texting "STOP" in response to any text message you receive or contacting us [_here_](mailto:support@firstlook.media) and specifying you want to opt-out of text messages; and (iii) for push notifications or in-app messages, adjusting the permissions in your mobile device. Please note that your opt-out is limited to the email address, phone number, or device used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions or, for emails, non-promotional communications, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or First Look's ongoing business relations. For text messages and push notifications, we will not send you communications unless we first obtain your opt-in consent.

## Your California privacy rights

California's "Shine the Light" law permits customers in California to request certain details about how certain types of their information are shared with third parties and, in some cases, affiliates, for those third parties' and affiliates' own direct marketing purposes. Under the law, a business should either provide California customers certain information upon request or permit California customers to opt-in to, or opt-out of, this type of sharing.First Look may share personal information as defined by California's "Shine the Light" law with third parties and/or affiliates for such third parties' and affiliates' own direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and wish to obtain information about our compliance with this law, please email us [_here_](mailto:legal@firstlook.media) or send us a letter to First Look Productions, Inc., 114 Fifth Ave, 18th Floor, New York, NY 10011. Requests must include "California Privacy Rights Request" in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that we are not required to respondto requests made by means other than through the provided email address or mail address.

## Children

Our Services are not directed at children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information as defined by the U.S. Children's Privacy Protection Act (" **COPPA** ") in a manner that is not permitted by COPPA. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we have collected information in a manner not permitted by COPPA, please email us [_here_](mailto:legal@firstlook.media) or send us a letter to First Look Productions, Inc., 114 Fifth Ave, 18th Floor, New York, NY 10011, and we will remove such data to the extent required by COPPA.

## Data security

We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us or our third-party service providers over the internet.

## Transfer of information

Our databases are located within the United States. If you access our Services from outside the United States, by providing data to us, you consent to transfer, processing, and storage of that data in the United States.

## Changes to this privacy policy

We reserve the right to revise and reissue this Privacy Policy at any time. If we change this Privacy Policy in the future, we will post the revised Privacy Policy on our Services and update the " **Effective Date** ," above, to reflect the date of the changes. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy. By continuing to use our Services after we post such changes, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, as modified.
