> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thenewcivilrightsmovement.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110605043802id_/http%3A//thenewcivilrightsmovement.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | The New Civil Rights Movement

**Updated February 15,  2011**

_The New Civil Rights Movement_ understands your privacy is important to you, and it’s important to us also, which is why we provide this statement about the personal information we collect, how we use that information and with whom it may be shared. You should not, and are not required to, disclose any information that you do not want made public.

When accessing our Website, _The New Civil Rights Movement_ will learn certain information about you during your visit. How we will handle information we learn about you depends upon what you do when visiting our site.

If you visit our site to read or download information on our pages, we may collect and store the following information about you, possibly via third party software services, for example, SiteMeter, StatCounter:

1\. The name and/​or address of the domain from which you access the Internet  
2\. The date and time you access our site  
3\. The Internet address of the website you used to link directly to our site.  
4\. browser  
5\. visit patterns  
6\. entry page  
7\. exit page  
8\. country  
9\. state  
10\. city  
11\. repeat visits  
12\. cookies  
13\. I.P. address

If you identify yourself by sending us an e-​mail containing personal information, then the information collected will be used to respond to your message. Additionally, we may store and use any contact information, and send you information in the future.

The information collected is for statistical purposes. The New Civil Rights Movement may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.

For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, _The New Civil Rights Movement_ may use software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.

_The New Civil Rights Movement_ will not obtain personally-​identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. Personally-​identifying information you have provided to us, such as but not limited to email addresses, may be used by us in conjunction with third-​party providers to send you information.

Generated by: [General Counsel, PC](http://www.generalcounsellaw.com/ "Northern Virginia Business Attorneys and Lawyers") and [Legal River](http://www.legalriver.com/ "Small Business Attorneys and Lawyers")’s [Privacy Policy Generator](http://privacy-policy-generator.legalriver.com/ "Privacy Policy Generator")
