> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thephysicalaffiliate.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130324104734id_/http%3A//www.thephysicalaffiliate.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy « The Physical Affiliate

**Your Privacy**  
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. 

**Collection of Personal Information**  
When visiting The Physical Affiliate, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.

**Changes to this Privacy Statement**  
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion. 

If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of The Physical Affiliate then you may contact us at jan (at) thephysicalaffiliate.com 

This privacy policy was generated by the [Easy Privacy Policy](http://europeancruiseadvisor.com/ "Easy Privacy Policy homepage") plugin for WordPress.

Last updated Sun, 05 Dec 2010 22:45
