> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thepostgame.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629090440id_/http%3A//www.thepostgame.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | ThePostGame

WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY  
EFFECTIVE DATE: January 1, 2011  
1\. INTRODUCTION  
1.1. PURPOSE OF POLICY. Sports Media Ventures, Inc. (“us,” “we,” or “SMV”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of visitors to and users of the website located at [www.ThePostGame.com](http://www.thepostgame.com/ "www.ThePostGame.com") (the “Site”). We created this Website Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site and the news, editorial, entertainment and social networking services available from the Site and from other websites that we operate as part of the SMV network of sites, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. This Policy is only applicable to the Site and the services that we offer from the Site (such services being referred to herein collectively as the “Service”). This Policy does not apply to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy, nor does it apply to any services that may be offered by SMV’s business partners, where your personally identifiable information is collected by anyone other than SMV. If you have any questions concerning the Site, the Service, this Policy, or anything related to either of the foregoing, we can be reached at the following email address or via the contact information available from our “Contact Us” page: [privacy@thepostgame.com](mailto:privacy@thepostgame.com).  
1.2. NOTICE CONCERNING CHILDREN  
PLEASE NOTE: We are a general audience site, and do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a Site user is under age 13, we will promptly delete any personal information that might be stored in that user’s account.  
1.3. DISCLAIMER REGARDING SITE CONTENTS  
REMEMBER: We have created this Site and the Service for the purpose of providing news, information, entertainment and services that we believe our users will use and enjoy, and while we are always doing our best to monitor the information on this Site and to update the Site regularly, we cannot guarantee the accuracy, currency, reliability or completeness of any information or material included here, or on any site accessible from here. We expect that you will use your own skill and care in using the Site and in communicating with other users and participating in any events or other networking opportunities that may be available from the Site. In order to use the Site and the Service, you must review and agree to our Terms of Use, which include this Policy and which also include important terms regarding the materials that we make available on the Site and through the Service.  
WE DO NOT PRE-SCREEN OR APPROVE USERS, AND WE CANNOT GUARANTEE USER IDENTITIES OR ANY INFORMATION THAT USERS PROVIDE. WE HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ACTIONS YOU MAY TAKE ON OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE OR THE SERVICE. YOU SHOULD NOT PROVIDE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ANY OTHER USER UNLESS YOU KNOW WHO THAT USER IS AND KNOW WHAT HE OR SHE INTENDS TO DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION  
2\. INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES  
2.1. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?  
In operating the Site and providing the Service, we may collect a variety of user-submitted information such as names, email addresses, and other contact information, in order to establish and authenticate user accounts, to facilitate certain features we offer, to enable interactions between users, and to send information and notices to our users regarding the Site and the services we offer. In addition, we may provide registration forms, bulletin boards, comment forms, online surveys, and other online forms that ask users to provide their names, e-mail addresses, mobile phone numbers and other contact information, as well as information related to the subject matter of the activities requiring registration, the surveys or of the other online forms. Also, if you communicate with us by e-mail, post messages to any of our chat groups, bulletin boards, or forums, or otherwise complete online forms, surveys, or contest entries, any information provided in such communication may be collected as personal information. Finally, because have partnered with Yahoo!, Inc. (“Yahoo!”) on some of the properties and features that are part of the Service, Yahoo! is also a collector of user-submitted information and other data that may be made available by you as you use the Site and the Service.  
2.2. WHAT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?  
(a) AUTOMATIC COLLECTION. Our servers automatically recognize visitors’ domain names and IP addresses. No personal information about you is revealed in this process. The Site may also gather anonymous “traffic data” that does not personally identify you, but that may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.  
(b) COOKIES. From time to time, we may use the standard “cookies” feature of major browser applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to the Site. We do not set any personally identifiable information in cookies, nor do we employ any data capture mechanisms on the Site other than cookies. Cookies help us learn which areas of the Site are useful and which areas need improvement. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to disable this function, your experience at the Site may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended.  
3\. USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION  
3.1. WHAT DO WE DO WITH COLLECTED INFORMATION?  
(a) PERSONAL INFORMATION. You always have the option not to provide us with any personal information. Your decision not to do so, however, may limit your ability to access areas of the Site or features of the Service that require a user name and password. If you do elect to provide any personal information to us, then we will use that personal information to provide you with access to the Site and the services offered by us or to comply with the law, and we may share that information as follows:  
(1) We share demographic data (such as zip codes, user ages and income information) with advertisers and other third parties only on an aggregate (i.e., non-personally-identifiable) basis; and  
(2) We may share contact information (such as names, mailing addresses, email addresses and phone numbers) with third-party providers that we engage in order to provide certain of the services that we offer or to facilitate our operation of the Site and the Service. All of our third-party providers have been made aware of the terms and conditions of this Policy, and, in order to work with us, are required to agree to uphold privacy standards at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Policy.  
In addition, we may use your personal information to verify your identity, to check your qualifications, or to follow up with transactions initiated on the Site. We may also use your contact information to inform you of any changes to the Site or the Service, or to send you additional information about us.  
(b) ANONYMOUS INFORMATION. We use anonymous information to analyze our Site traffic, but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information. In addition, we may use anonymous IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer the Site, or to display the content according to your preferences. Traffic and transaction information may also be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis.  
(c) USE OF COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS. We may use cookies and Web beacons (also known as “Web bugs” and “clear GIFs”) to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your user ID or password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, or for other purposes. Promotions or advertisements displayed on our site may contain cookies. We do not have access to or control over information collected by outside advertisers on our site.  
(d) THIRD-PARTY WEB BEACONS. We use third-party web beacons from Yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Yahoo! may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!, click [here]. The foregoing notwithstanding, and for avoidance of doubt, this Policy is a Company product, not a Yahoo! product.  
(e) DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. In addition to disclosures described above, we may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on us or our parent company, subsidiaries or affiliates, (2) protect and defend our rights or property or the rights or property of users of the Site, or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site.  
(f) SALE OF INFORMATION. In order to accommodate changes in our business, we may sell our company or portions of our company or sell or buy portions of other companies or assets, including the information collected through the Site. If SMV or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the assets transferred to the acquirer.  
(g) ACCESS TO INFORMATION. You can notify us at any time that you want to terminate your account for the Site and our storage of your personal information related to that account, and upon receipt of that notice, we will remove all information about you from our database, at which point you will no longer be able to access any of our services that require registration unless you re-register. To the extent that our systems permit you to login using your user ID and password from third-party web services (such as Yahoo! and Facebook, for example), it will be solely your responsibility to ensure your personal information stored by those third-party web services is (and at all times relevant to your use of the Site and the Service remains) current and correct.  
4\. SECURITY  
SMV, the Site and the Service have security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we obtain from you, but we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss, misuse, or alteration, and we and our owners, partners and affiliates will have no liability to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration.  
5\. WEBSITE AREAS BEYOND OUR CONTROL  
5.1. PUBLIC FORUMS  
The Site may include, or the Service may offer you access to, interactive forums such as blogs, message boards, comment areas and chat rooms. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and please exercise caution when using any of these public forums to disclose your personal information. We have no control over the use of any personal information disclosed in a public forum, and you are solely responsible for the effects of any such disclosure. In addition, we may choose to work with third-parties that provide some of the features offered by our interactive forums, and therefore those third parties may have access to your contact information for purposes of providing services to us; provided, that all such third-parties will be held to standards at least as restrictive as those set forth herein, as explained in Section 3.1(a) above.  
5.2. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES  
The Site may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit other websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those other websites, and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies. In addition, in no event will we have any responsibility for the contents of those other websites, and you visit and use those websites entirely at your own risk.  
6\. CONTACT INFORMATION AND POLICY UPDATES  
6.1. CONTACTING US  
If you have any questions about this Policy, our practices related to this Site, or if you would like to have us remove your information from our database please feel contact us using the contact information provided in Section 1.1 above.  
6.2. UPDATES AND CHANGES  
We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. It is your responsibility to review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.
