> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thermomix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190520114118id_/https%3A//thermomix.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Thermomix USA

## Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 13, 2017.

This website (“Site”) is operated by VORWERK, LLC (“VORWERK” or “we” or “our”). We have created this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, and disclose information in connection with this Site. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT ADDRESS THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OR POLICIES OF THIRD-PARTIES WITH WHICH WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS POLICY, INCLUDING THERMOMIX® INDEPENDENT CONSULTANTS. Thermomix Independent Consultants are independent third-party contractors of VORWERK, are not otherwise affiliated with VORWERK, and are responsible for their own practices with respect to the collection, sharing, and use of your information. We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on the Site. We encourage you to periodically review our Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are using the information we collect.

#### Collection of Information

###### Personal Information

We collect personal information from you when you submit it to us, for example by(i) placing an order; (ii) registering as a customer; (iii) emailing us; (iv) participating in promotions, surveys, email newsletters or other features of the Site; and (v) communicating or coordinating with a customer service representative. Such personal information may include your name, contact information, credit card or other payment information, shipping information, and other applicable information. If you use the Site to forward information to a friend, we will also collect the information you provide for your friend. We may combine the personal information that we collect with information available from other sources, including THERMOMIX Independent Consultants, promotional partners, or other third-parties. We may request additional personal information if you become or apply to become a THERMOMIX Independent Consultant, such as your Social Security number, date of birth, and financial information in order to provide payments due to you.

###### Non-Personal Information

When you visit the Site, we (independently or through service providers) may collect certain non-personal information from you, including your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, the specific web pages visited during your connection, and the domain name from which you accessed the Site. In addition, we may collect information about your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the Site, the areas or pages of the Site that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the Site, the number of times you return to the Site and other clickstream data. Like many commercial websites, we may collect this non-personal information using “cookie” technology. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you access the Site and allows us to recognize you each time you visit the Site. We may also use web beacons and other similar technologies on the Site, in our emails and in our advertisements on other websites. Web beacons are tiny graphic images that are used to collect information about your Site visit, such as the pages you view and the features you use, as well as information about whether you open and/or act upon one of our emails or advertisements. We may use these technologies to collect non-personal information for a variety of purposes such as to analyze how the Site is used, personalize your experience on the Site, or improve our content or offerings. Your browser may provide tools to block or delete cookies. However, if your browser is set to reject cookies or you manually delete cookies, you may have some trouble accessing and using some of the pages and features that are currently on our Site, or that we may put on our Site in the future. We may combine the non-personal information we collect, such as through cookies and web beacons, with other information we have collected from you. Our service providers may also combine the information that they collect with information collected across other sites over time.

#### Use of Information

We may use the information we collect from and about you to process your requests and otherwise operate and improve our business.  For example, we may use information for any of the following purposes:  (i) to complete a transaction (including the fulfillment of orders); (ii) to communicate with you regarding your order/s or to notify you about other products and services that may interest you; (iii) to review Site usage and operations; (iv) to address problems with the Site, our business or our services; (v) to protect the security or integrity of the Site and our business; (vi) to monitor the Site for compliance with our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-use/) and the law; and (vii) to contact you with Site updates, newsletters and other informational and promotional materials from us. If you become, or apply to become, a THERMOMIX Independent Consultant, we will also use your information to communicate with you about your business related to THERMOMIX, process payments to or from you, ship products to you upon request, put you in contact with potential customers, and otherwise interact with you in your role as a THERMOMIX Independent Consultant.

#### Disclosure of Information

We may disclose personal information collected from and about any Site user as follows: (i) to our affiliates; (ii) to service providers, to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us; (iii) to our marketing partners, advertisers or other third–parties, who may contact you with their own offers (see below for your choices regarding such sharing); (iv) to respond to a potential violation of the Site Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third–party; (v) to respond to legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order) and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; (vi) to protect the safety or security of any person; (vii) to facilitate “forward to friend” features, your information may be shared when you choose to send information to a friend through the Site; and (viii) in the event that our company is involved in a merger, acquisition, partial or total sale of assets including in bankruptcy, or other corporate change, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. We may also disclose your personal information with your consent. We may share your personal information with THERMOMIX Independent Consultants with your affirmative agreement.  For example, if you request to order products through a THERMOMIXIndependent Consultant or to otherwise interact with a THERMOMIX Independent Consultant, THERMOMIX will provide your personal information with your agreement to such THERMOMIXIndependent Consultant to fulfill your request.  THERMOMIX Independent Consultants who receive your personal information may then use it for their own direct marketing purposes to contact you about additional offers that may interest you. If you are a THERMOMIX Independent Consultant, we may disclose limited personal information to current and potential THERMOMIX customers who are seeking the assistance of a THERMOMIX Independent Consultant, to customers who buy products through you, and to other THERMOMIX Independent Consultants. We may share non-personal information, including aggregate or de-identified information, with third–parties in our discretion, including but not limited to the types of sharing described above.

#### Your Choices, California Privacy Rights

If you change your mind and no longer wish to receive marketing updates from us, you can opt-out at any time by sending an email to [service@thermomix.us](mailto:service@thermomix.com). To opt out of email marketing, you can also use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any message.  Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing emails from us, you may still receive email messages regarding your order or your relationship with us, such as order confirmation, shipping information, and customer service notifications. As noted above, we may disclose personal information to selected third–parties for their direct marketing purposes.  If you would like to opt out of such disclosures, you may contact us using the email address below.

#### Security

We maintain reasonable and appropriate measures designed to maintain the personal information we collect on this Site in a secure manner.

#### Interest-Based Advertising

We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) who serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated sites.  Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be more relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your visits to this Site and other websites over time.  You may visit [www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/) to learn more about this type of advertising and to opt-out of this form of advertising by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance self-regulatory program.  Note that electing to opt-out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications.  It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests.  In addition, note that if you use a different browser or erase cookies from your browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.

#### Third-Party Websites and Plug-ins

This Site may contain links to third-party websites or applications that are not affiliated with VORWERK, and which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements before disclosing any personal information.  Please contact those websites directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies. This Site may include social media tools, such as social networking and blogging tools offered by third-parties.  If you use these tools to share information about your use of the Site, or otherwise interact with social media features on the Site, those third-party social media companies may collect information about you and may use and share such information in accordance with their own policies, including by sharing such information with the general public. Your interactions with third-party social media companies and the use of their features are governed by the privacy policies of the social media companies that provide those features.  We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies of any social media accounts you create and use.

#### To Update Your Information or Contact Us

If you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or request more information, contact us via email at [service@thermomix.us](mailto:service@thermomix.us).

Please note that we are not able to remove your personal information from the records of THERMOMIX Independent Consultants or other third–parties to which we have previously disclosed your personal information.  If you wish to request changes to your personal information maintained by another party or to stop receiving marketing messages from them, please contact the third–party directly.
