> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the therehabguide.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101220003252id_/http%3A//www.therehabguide.com/content/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | The Rehab Guide | Rehab Center Locator

[](http://www.addtoany.com/share_save?linkurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.therehabguide.com%2Fcontent%2Fprivacy-policy&linkname=Privacy%20Policy%20%7C%20The%20Rehab%20Guide%20%7C%20Rehab%20Center%20Locator)

**At The Rehab Guide, LLC. we understand the importance of protecting your privacy.**  
Our Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personal information collected when anyone is on our site or uses the services we provide; it neither addresses nor applies to individuals or third party practices over which we have no control. This includes but is not limited to cookies which may be used by our advertisers.  
The Rehab Guide, LLC. Only collects information pertinent to our website; as such, our stated goal is to customize your experience and let you get the most out of what we offer. To that end: The Rehab Guide, LLC. will never rent or sell any of the personal information you provide.  
For your security and privacy, your information is protected with a password created by you. You will always have access to your personal information and you may edit or delete it at any time. In an effort to protect children, users must be 13 years old to use our site.  
At The Rehab Guide, LLC, information is collected in 3 ways:

**1.** By what you provide to us when you enter your registration information, which requires an email address as well as some basic information about you. You do not need to register to use our site, and if you do register you may omit certain information; however, please be aware that doing so may restrict you from enjoying the full range of our web site. If you choose to create a profile with a Sign-In Name, Bio, Recent Posts etc., The Rehab Guide, LLC. makes it possible for other users to browse the site for this information.

**2.** By what your computer automatically provides to us. Via our server, The Rehab Guide.com. collects your IP address, cookie information, and the pages you visit in an effort to help us administer and improve our site. Our servers use cookies to enable us to recognize your computer and facilitate use of our site. They do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information gathered by cookies with any personal information provided by you through registration. You may disable cookies from the "help" toolbar on your Internet browser.

**3.** For inquiries regarding treatment or requests for our services we only use that information to find treatment, coverage and benefits for you or your client with your verbal or online form requested consent. Under certain Circumstances the information we gather from you regarding treatment is protected under the Confidentiality of Alcohol and Drug Abuse Patient Records, 42 C.F.R. Part 2, and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), 45 C.F.R. Pts. 160 & 164 and in those circumstances will not under any circumstances be shared without your written consent.

**4.** We will never sell, offer or give your personal information to third parties for purposes not directly related to providing you with our services. We will only use your personal information to provide the best possible services. Changes & Conditions of Use Changes or amendments to our Privacy Policy may occur now and again as warranted. However, information is always and only subject to the policy in place at the time it is collected. Should we feel the need to execute a change in the Policy, we will announce the change on our website so that our users are made aware of the change and may act accordingly.  
Finally, the conditions of use (visits to our website, including the information collected, our use of that information, and any future disputes regarding issues of privacy) are subject to both this Policy in addition to our Terms of Use.  
**Funding:** The Rehab Guide, LLC. is a privately held company which provides addiction treatment Psychology, Substance Abuse Psychotherapy services Clinical evaluations and chemical dependency solutions online search and refers the user to specific case management treatment via referrals to our advertisers. Our organizations nor the editorial committee recommends or endorses a particular agency, web link, or viewpoint. The information accessed through The Rehab Guide, LLC. Is provided "AS-IS," without any warranty, express or implied.

The selected web links exemplify the diversity and range of information that is available. This information is not intended to be complete, should not be used for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease, and should not be used in place of a visit or call to your health care provider. We urge you not to disregard medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on the Internet.
