> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thescoreesports.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181021062225id_/https%3A//www.thescoreesports.com/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | theScore esports

Last Revised: July 10th 2017 

This Privacy Policy describes the information that Score Media Ventures Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (" **we** ," " **our** " or " **us** ") collect through websites that we operate and any mobile application of ours (each, an " **App** ") (collectively, the " **Service** "), how we use, disclose and protect your information and the choices you can make about your information. 

## 1\. CONSENT

By accessing the Service, you expressly consent to the collection, use, disclosure and storage of your information and other information received by us as a result of such use in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use (<https://www.thescore.com/pages/terms>) or your consent, and as permitted or required by applicable law. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, you should immediately stop using or accessing the Service. Please note that the Service may be hosted in countries other than yours, including the United States. By accessing the Service, you expressly consent to the transfer of your information outside of your home country, which may provide for different data protection rules than in your country. We make use of third-party service providers, including service providers located in Canada, the United States and the European Union to store and process data, including your information, on our behalf. When acting on our behalf, such service providers are only authorized to collect, use, disclose or store personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. However, the government, courts, law enforcement, security, or regulatory agencies of a particular country may be able to obtain access to or disclosure of personal information as permitted by the laws of that country. 

Any questions in this regard may be directed to the Privacy Compliance Officer using the contact information provided below. 

## 2\. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION

We collect the following types of information as follows: 

**a. Information you provide us directly:** We may ask for certain information, such as your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, password (collectively “ **Personal Information** ”), and other information, from you in order to provide the Service to you, or if you contact or interact with us. We may also retain any messages you send through the Service, and may retain other information you voluntarily provide us with, including but not limited to your comments and other content. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, and as further detailed below. 

**b. Information we may collect and/or receive from third parties:** We may receive information about you from third parties including third party social networking services. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Service. You may also unlink your third party account from the Service by adjusting your settings on the third party service. We also may collect information about you from third party business partners, publicly available sources and our subsidiaries and affiliates. 

**c. Analytics information.** We may directly collect information, or we or our third party business partners may use analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service (“ **Analytics Information** ”). Please review our Analytics and Advertising Tracking notice (<http://www.thescore.com/pages/manage-analytics-and-ads-preferences>) for additional information about how you can manage preferences regarding Analytics Information. 

**d. Cookies information:** When you visit the Service, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your device that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Service (“ **Cookie** ”). A Cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us and/or our third party business partners to track your usage of the Service over time. A persistent Cookie remains on your device after you close your browser. Persistent Cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following your browser's directions. A session Cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can set your browser to refuse certain Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept Cookies is limited or disabled. 

**e. Log file information:** Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page or other content within the Service. We may also receive log information relating to your use of our Apps. When you use the Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information (“ **Server Logs** ”). These Server Logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser type, referring/exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. The information contained in Server Logs is used to monitor, assess, manage, diagnose problems with, improve and otherwise administer the Service. 

**f. Clear gifs/web beacons information:** “ **Clear Gifs** ” (also known as web beacons) are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our users. We also may use Clear Gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. You can disable the ability of Clear Gifs to track certain information by setting your browser to refuse certain Cookies. The information allows for more accurate reporting, monitoring and improvement of the Service. 

**g. Device identifiers:** When you access the Service by or through a mobile device (including but not limited to smart phones or tablets), we and/or our third party business partners may access, assign, collect, monitor and/or remotely store one or more unique device-specific identifiers, such as a universally unique identifier (UUID) (“ **Unique Identifiers** ”). Unique Identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on and/or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A Unique Identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device's operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by us. A Unique Identifier may convey information to us about how you browse and use the Service. A Unique Identifier may also be used to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Service. 

**h. Advertising identifiers:** Advertising identifiers are unique strings associated with your mobile device provided by the operating system (“ **Advertising Identifiers** ”). Please visit our Analytics and Advertising Tracking notice (<http://www.thescore.com/pages/manage-analytics-and-ads-preferences>) for additional information about how you can reset Advertising Identifiers and limit advertising tracking. 

**i. Location data:** When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store location data, which may include GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device (“ **Location Data** ”). Location Data may convey to us information about how you browse and use the Service. Location Data may be used to personalize and customize your experience when using the Service and to improve the Service. Some features of the Service, particularly location-based services, may not function properly if use or availability of Location Data is impaired or disabled. 

**j. Commercial and marketing communications:** We use the information we collect or receive to communicate directly with you. We may send you electronic messages containing Service-related notices (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, feature notifications, technical and security notices). We may also send you electronic messages containing product and/or service offerings, promotions, invitations and special offers. You can also stop receiving electronic messages (other than Service-related notices) from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe link" provided in such communications or by changing your account preferences or settings. 

**k. Use of certain service type information we collect:** We use or may use Cookies, Server Logs, Unique Identifiers, Advertising Identifiers, Location Data and Clear Gifs information to: (i) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (ii) provide personalized content and information; (iii) provide and monitor the effectiveness of the Service; (iv) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; (v) diagnose or fix technology problems; (vi) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in; (vii) provide targeted advertising to your browser or device; (viii) automatically update our App on your mobile devices; (ix) allow you to comment on or provide content and participate in contests, special offers and/or promotions; and (x) conduct research, beta testing or surveys. 

**l. With consent:** We may use your information for any other purpose for which you consent. 

**m. Combining information we collect:** We may combine any of the information we collect from or about you and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. 

## 3\. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION

Information may be disclosed to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

**a. Who we may share your information with:** We may share your information with third party business partners that function on our behalf. Examples include, but are not limited to, companies that assist us with serving advertisement within the Service, analyzing data, and providing marketing assistance. We may share information about you that they need to perform their functions. We will use contractual or other means to protect personal information disclosed to such third parties. We may also share your information with any subsidiary or affiliate of ours for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. Any subsidiary or affiliate of ours will be required to maintain that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

**b. Who you may choose to share Your Content with; removal of content:** Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as Your Content (as defined in the Terms of Use at <http://www.thescore.com/pages/terms>), becomes available to the public, except as limited by any privacy settings made available on the Service. Subject to your privacy settings, any of Your Content that you voluntarily make public may be searchable by others. If you remove information or content that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other users have copied or saved that information or content. If you are a California resident under age 18 and a registered user of the Service, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Service by emailing us at [privacy@thescore.com](mailto:privacy@thescore.com). Please note that such removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted (for example, your content or information may remain visible because it was copied and posted or reposted by a third party). 

**c. What happens in the event of a business change:** If we become involved in a merger, consolidation, acquisition, sale of assets, joint venture, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, or other transaction or if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business otherwise changes, we may share or transfer your information to a third party or parties in connection therewith. 

**d. Instances where we are required to share your information:** Regardless of the choices you make regarding your information and to the extent permitted or required by applicable law, we may disclose information about you to third parties to: (i) enforce or apply the Terms of Use or any applicable end user license agreement; (ii) comply with law, in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process or cooperate with government or law enforcement officials or private parties; (iii) protect our rights, reputation, safety and property, or that of our users or others; (iv) protect against legal liability; (v) establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; and/or (vi) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, suspected fraud, the rights, reputation, safety or property of us, users or others, violation of the Terms of Use, our policies or agreements or as otherwise required by law. 

**e. Sharing certain service type information we collect about you:** We may share certain service type information, including information obtained through tools such as Cookies, Server Logs, Unique Identifiers, Advertising Identifiers, Location Data and Clear Gifs (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with our third party business partners for the purposes described in the section above on "How We Collect and Use Information." We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics (such as your name and email address) and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties. 

**f. Ads on the Service:** We may also share certain information and data, such as Location Data, browser and Cookie data, Unique Identifier data, Advertising Identifier data and other data relating to your use of our Service, with our business partners to deliver advertisements (" **ads** ") that may be of interest to you. We may allow third party advertisers, including but not limited to direct advertisers, ad networks, ad exchanges, and private advertising marketplaces (collectively “ **Advertisers** ”), to serve advertisements on the Service. These Advertisers use technology to send, directly to your browser or mobile device, the ads and ad links that appear on the Service, and will automatically receive your Internet Protocol (IP) address when they do so. They may also use other technologies (such as Cookies, JavaScript, Unique Identifiers, Advertising Identifiers, Location Data, and Clear Gifs) to compile information about your browser's or device's visits and usage patterns on or off the Service and between multiple platforms such as your computer and your mobile device, measure the effectiveness of their ads, and personalize the advertising content to your interests. You can opt out of receiving certain Cookies by adjusting your browser settings to refuse certain Cookies or to alert you when a Cookie is placed. Your browser settings may not permit you to block the use of certain non-Cookie technologies, and those browser settings that block Cookies may have no effect on such techniques. You may also reset Advertising Identifiers and limit advertising tracking (See "Your Choices About Your Information" below). 

**We do not sell, rent, or share Personal Information we collect directly from you or about you from third parties with third party Advertisers for their own marketing purposes, unless you choose in advance to have such information shared for this purpose.**

Please note that Advertisers may ask us to show an ad to a certain audience of users (e.g., based on demographics or other interests). In that situation, we may (i) determine the target audience and serve the ads to that audience, or (ii) provide certain data as described above to the Advertisers to enable them to serve the ads to the target audience. If you respond to such an ad, the Advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. 

**g. Data Analysis:** We may use third-party data analysis service providers to collect data and to provide information to us on the performance of our Service. These companies may use information about your use of the Service and other websites and mobile applications to compare information about the performance of our Service. These companies do not use personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, email address or telephone number) when performing data analysis. These companies may also use non-Cookie technologies to recognize your computer, browser or mobile device and/or to collect and record information about your browsing activity, including your activities on or off the Service and between multiple platforms such as your computer and your mobile device. Please keep in mind that your browser settings may not permit you to block the use of these non-Cookie technologies, and those browser settings that block Cookies may have no effect on such techniques. Please visit our Analytics and Advertising Tracking notice at <http://www.thescore.com/pages/manage-analytics-and-ads-preferences> for more information. 

This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third party Advertisers. Please consult the respective privacy policies of such Advertisers or contact such Advertisers for more information. 

## 4\. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION

We care about the security of your information, and take physical, technological and administrative measures to protect the information you submit via the Service against loss, theft, and unauthorized access, use, disclosure or modification. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. Electronic communications sent to or from the Service may not be secure. You should use caution whenever submitting information online and take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. 

## 5\. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION

**a. You control your account information and settings:** You may update your account information and electronic message preferences at any time by logging in to your account and changing your profile settings or by contacting us as described in "How to Contact Us" below. You can also stop receiving electronic messages (other than Service-related notices) from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe link" provided in such communications. 

**b. Access, questions or concerns:** If you have any questions or concerns, or if you simply want to know whether we have any of your Personal Information on file, you may contact our Privacy Compliance Officer as described in "How to Contact Us" below. Except as set out in applicable privacy laws, we can tell you whether we hold Personal Information about you. We will allow you access to your Personal Information. We will use reasonable efforts to tell you the source of the information and give an account of the use that has been made or is being made of the information and the third parties to whom it has been disclosed. If you are not satisfied with the response from the Privacy Compliance Officer after making a request, you have recourse to additional remedies under applicable privacy laws. 

**c. Do Not Track:** At this time, we do not recognize "do not track" signals sent from browsers. 

**d. Managing the collection of your information for Analytics and Advertising Purposes:** Please refer to your device’s or browser's technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable Cookies, and other tracking/recording tools, including how to reset your Advertising Identifiers and limit advertising tracking. Depending on the type of device you are using to access the Service, it may not be possible to delete or disable tracking mechanisms on the device. Please visit our Analytics and Advertising Tracking notice at <http://www.thescore.com/pages/manage-analytics-and-ads-preferences> for additional information on how you can manage your preferences regarding analytics information, reset advertising identifiers and limit advertising tracking. Third parties may collect personally identifiable information about an individual user's online activities over time and across different sites when a user uses the Service. 

## 6\. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION AND YOUR CONTENT

We will retain your information and Your Content as long as necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, and for a commercially reasonable time thereafter for backup, archival, fraud prevention or detection, or audit purposes, or as otherwise required by law. 

## 7\. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under age 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through the Service. If you have reason to believe that we may have accidentally received personal information from an individual under age 13, please contact us immediately at [privacy@thescore.com](mailto:privacy@thescore.com). 

## 8\. LINKS TO OTHER SITES AND SERVICES

This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through the Service. We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another site or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third party sites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third party site or service are subject to that third party's rules and policies. If you choose to access or make use of a third party social networking service, we may receive information about you that you have made available to the third party social networking service. Also, the third party social networking service may receive information about you from the Service. While your decision to access or use a third party social networking service is voluntary, you should make sure you are comfortable with the privacy settings of the Service and the third party social networking service. 

## 9\. HOW TO CONTACT US

For user account related inquiries, please contact our customer support team by email at [support@thescore.com](mailto:support@thescore.com). 

For all other inquiries relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact the Privacy Compliance Officer by email at [privacy@thescore.com](mailto:privacy@thescore.com) or postal mail at: 

Privacy Compliance Officer  
Score Media Ventures Inc.  
500 King Street West, 4th Floor  
Toronto, ON M5V 1L9  
Canada 

## 10\. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY

We may update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically, and especially before you provide any information. This Privacy Policy was made effective on the date indicated above. 

## 11\. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code permits California residents to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information about the types of personal information the business has shared with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. You may make one (1) request each year by emailing us at [privacy@thescore.com](mailto:privacy@thescore.com) or writing us at: 

Privacy Compliance Officer  
Score Media Ventures Inc.  
500 King Street West, 4th Floor  
Toronto, Ontario M5V 1L9  
Canada 
