> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thestonerscookbook.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180617200923id_/https%3A//herb.co/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | HERB

This Privacy Policy describes our policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of information when you access or use Herb’s (a) websites, portals, mobile applications, channels and software that link to or otherwise reference this Privacy Policy, including herb.co, and (b) social media pages and channels (collectively, the “Websites”), including any services, features, media, functions, content, tools and links contained or offered therein (collectively, the “Services”). For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Herb”, “us”, “we” or “our” shall mean, as applicable, Flora Media, Inc. and its affiliated entities which: (i) are, directly or indirectly, majority-owned by Flora Media, Inc.; and (ii) own the applicable Websites or provides the applicable Services that you may be accessing or using.

## 1\. QUESTIONS; CONTACTING US; REPORTING VIOLATIONS

If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to use, please contact us at the following address:

Flora Media, Inc.  
Attn: CEO  
325 Front Street West, Floor 4  
Toronto, Ontario M5V 2Y1  
customerservice@herb.co

## 2\. USER CONSENT

By submitting Personal Data (as defined below) through the Websites or Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## 3\. A NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN

The Websites or Services are intended for adults only and requires that users be no less than eighteen (18) years of age. Please note that certain of the Websites and Services require you to be at least twenty-one (21) years of age to access and use such Websites and Services. Please check the applicable terms and conditions for such Websites and Services for further information. Individuals under the age of eighteen (18) (or twenty-one (21) for applicable Websites and Services) are prohibited from creating a user account and profile, accessing the Websites or Services and/or purchasing products on the Transactable Sites (as defined below). We do not intentionally gather Personal Data from visitors who are under the age of 13. If a child under 13 submits Personal Data to Herb and we learn that the Personal Data is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe that we might have any Personal Data from a child under 13 or if you become aware that an underage user has created a user account using false, stolen or otherwise misleading information, please contact us immediately at customerservice@herb.co.

## 4\. A NOTE TO USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES

If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including, but not limited to, personal information, will be transferred to, and processed, stored and used within the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. By using the Websites or Services or providing us with any information, you consent to the transfer to, and processing, usage, sharing and storage of your information, including personal information, in the United States as set forth in this Privacy Policy.

## 5\. TYPES OF DATA WE COLLECT

“Personal Data” means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. “Anonymous Data” means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as described below

  1. Information You Provide to Us.
    * If you create an account on any of the Websites or Services (a “User Account”), we may collect your full name, email address, zip code, and other information you may provide with your User Account, such as your gender and birth date. Your first name and last initial, as well as any photo you submit through the registration process, may be publicly displayed as part of your User Account profile.
    * If you use our Services on your mobile device, including through our mobile applications, we may collect and store your phone number and the unique device id number.
    * If you send or receive messages through the Websites or Services via SMS text message, we may log phone numbers, phone carriers, and the date and time that the messages were processed.
    * If you tell us where you are (e.g., by allowing your mobile device to send us your location), we may store and use that information to provide you with location- based information and advertising. If you want to deactivate this feature, you can either reinstall the mobile applications or deactivate GPS on your mobile device.
    * Our Websites and Services lets you store preferences like how your content is displayed, your location, and safe search settings. We may associate these choices with your ID, browser or the mobile device, and you can edit these preferences at any time.
    * When connecting to our Services via a service provider that uniquely identifies your mobile device, we may receive this identification and use it to offer extended services and/or functionality.
    * Certain Services, such as two-factor authentication, may require our collection of your phone number. We may associate that phone number to your mobile device identification information.
    * For individuals making purchases through any of our Websites or Services, to the extent applicable (the “Transactable Sites”), we may collect and store information about you, such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information, order number, referring URL, IP address, page you bought from and a password information, as well as any other information you provide to us, in order to process your transaction, send communications about them to you, and populate forms for future transactions.
    * We may collect personal information that is reasonably necessary for third-party sellers to ship the products to you, verify your identity and eligibility to receive such products or services and to communicate with you regarding purchases and any issues that may arise in connection with your purchase. This personal information includes your “ship to” information and your e-mail address.
    * For product vendors and listing clients, we may collect information that is reasonably necessary for users to communicate with you regarding the purchases and shipment of goods and services purchased from you and any issues that may arise in connection with their purchase. This personal information includes the seller information provided during your listing or vendor registration and your e-mail address.
    * We retain information on your behalf, such as files and messages that you store using your Account.
    * If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
    * When you post content (text, images, photographs, messages, comments or any other kind of content that is not your e-mail address) on the Websites or Services, the information contained in your posting will be stored in our servers and other users will be able to see it, along with your profile photo and any other information that you choose to make public on your public profile page (“Profile”). The information that you provide in your Profile will be visible to others, including anonymous visitors to the Websites or Services.
    * If you exchange messages with others through the Websites or Services, we may store them in order to process and deliver them, allow you to manage them, and we may review and disclose them in connection with investigations related to the operation and use of the Websites or Services.
    * When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information.
    * We also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily, such as your operating system and version, product registration number, and other requested information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the Services.
    * If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest or giveaway on the Websites or Services, we may ask you for your e-mail address and/or home number (to notify you if you win or not). We may also ask for first and last names, and sometimes post office addresses to verify your identity. In some situations we may need additional information as a part of the entry process, such as a prize selection choice. These sweepstakes and contests are voluntary. We recommend that you read the rules for each sweepstakes and contest that you enter.
    * We may also collect Personal Data at other points in the Websites or Services that state that Personal Data is being collected.
  2. The Services allow users to access Facebook to interact with friends and to share on Facebook through Wall and friends’ News Feeds. If you are already logged into the Services and Facebook or another social networking service, when you click on “Connect with Facebook,” or a similar connection on another social networking service, you will be prompted to merge your profiles. If you are already logged into the Services but not logged into Facebook or another social networking service that we support, when you click on “Connect with Facebook,” or a similar connection on another social networking service, you will be prompted to enter your social networking service credentials or to “Sign Up” for the social networking service. By proceeding, you are allowing the Services to access your information and you are agreeing to the Facebook or other social networking service’s Terms of Use in your use of the Services. Conversely, if you are not currently registered as a user of the Services, and you click on “Sign in” using Facebook or another social networking service that we support, you will first be asked to enter your Facebook or social networking service credentials and then be given the option to register for the Services. In this case, we may receive information from Facebook or another social networking service to make it easier for you to create an Account on the Websites or Services and show our relevant content from your Facebook or social networking service friends. Once you register on the Websites or Services and connect with Facebook or another social networking service, you will be able to automatically post recent activity back to Facebook or the other social networking service. Any information that we collect from your Facebook or other social networking service account may depend on the privacy settings you have with that social networking service, so please consult the social networking service’s privacy and data practices. You have the option to disable Facebook Connect at any time by logging into your Account through the Websites or Services and going to settings, “About Me,” “Linked Accounts,” and then unselecting “Facebook.” Further, you can edit privacy settings for the reviews that appear on Facebook or disconnect your Services activity stream by visiting the Facebook Applications Settings page.
  3. Information Collected via Technology.
    * Information Collected by Our Servers. To make the Websites or Services and Services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
    * Log Files. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Websites and Services, track users’ movements around the Websites and Services, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs. For example, some of the information may be collected so that when you visit the Website or Services again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. Except as noted in this Privacy Policy, we do not link this automatically-collected data to Personal Data.
    * Cookies. Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on the Websites or Services. This type of information is collected to make the Website and Services more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.
    * Pixel Tags. In addition, we use “Pixel Tags” (also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs). Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to Cookies, that are used to track online movements of Web users. In contrast to Cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Pixel Tags are embedded invisibly in Web pages. Pixel Tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a format users can read, and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user. We do not tie the information gathered by Pixel Tags to our users’ Personal Data.
    * Collection of Data by Advertisers. We may also use third parties to serve ads on the Websites or Services. Certain third parties may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other websites, your IP address, your ISP, the browser you use to visit our Websites or Services (but not your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number). They do this by using Cookies, Pixel Tags, or other technologies. Information collected may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Websites and Services and the other sites tracked by these third parties. This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, Cookies or Pixel Tags in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of Cookies and other technologies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.networkadvertising.org.
    * How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals. We do not currently respond to “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that might enable Users to opt out of tracking on our site.
    * Flash LSOs. When we post videos, third parties may use local shared objects, known as “Flash Cookies,” to store your preferences for volume control or to personalize certain video features. Flash Cookies are different from browser Cookies because of the amount and type of data and how the data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash Cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash Cookies, click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/sett ings_manager07.html.
    * Mobile Services. We may also collect non-personal information from your mobile device if you have downloaded our mobile applications. This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you. Examples of information that may be collected and used include your geographic location, how you use the mobile applications, and information about the type of device you use. In addition, in the event our mobile applications crash on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our mobile applications. This information is sent to us as aggregated information and is not traceable to any individual and cannot be used to identify an individual.
    * Analytics Services and Interest-Based Advertising. In addition to the tracking technologies we place, other companies may set their own cookies or similar tools when you visit the Websites or Services. This includes third party analytics services, including but not limited to Google Analytics (“Analytics Services”), that we engage to help analyze how users use the Websites or Services, as well as third parties that deliver content or offers. We may receive reports based on these parties’ use of these tools on an individual or aggregate basis. We use the information we get from Analytics Services only to improve the Websites or Services and Services. The information generated by the Cookies or other technologies about your use of the Websites or Services and Services (the “Analytics Information”) is transmitted to the Analytics Services. The Analytics Services use Analytics Information to compile reports on user activity. The Analytics Services may also transfer information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process Analytics Information on their behalf. Each Analytics Services’ ability to use and share Analytics Information is restricted by such Analytics Services’ Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. By using the Websites or Services and Services, you consent to the processing of data about you by Analytics Services in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For a full list of Analytics Services, please contact us at customerservice@herb.co. We may also partner with ad companies to support out marketing efforts, including by serving you ads better tailored to your likely interests. If you don’t want to take advantage of these services, you may be able to opt-out by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/ or http://networkadvertising.org/choices/, or if you are located in the EU, http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
  4. Information Collected from Third Party Companies. We may receive Personal and/or Anonymous Data about you from users that offer their products and/or services on the Websites or Services that submit information about their customers (“Customer Data”). These third party companies may supply us with Personal Data. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via the Websites or Services in order to improve the Services we provide. . Any uses of the Customer Data by Herb are done so pursuant and subject to the terms of Herb’s Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, or as required by law. If Personal Data about you has been submitted to us by a user of any of the Services as Customer Data and you wish to exercise any rights you may have to access, correct, amend or delete such data, please inquire with the user directly. If you request that we update or remove the Customer Data, we will acknowledge the request within 30 days.
  5. Google ID. We allow you to use your Google ID to set up an Account. If you wish to use your Google account you are taken to the Google website to login to your account and this information is then shared with us for the sole purpose of setting up your Account.
  6. Location Information. If you have enabled location services on your phone, we collect your location information to make a map available to the recipients of your messages showing your location. If you do not want this information collected by us, you can disable location services on your phone.



## 6\. USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

  1. General Use. In general, Personal Data you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. We use your Personal Data in the following ways:
    * Facilitate the creation of and to secure your User Account on the Services;
    * Identify you as a user in our system;
    * Provide, personalize, and improve the Services;
    * Provide feedback and user base demographics to third party businesses listed on the Websites or Services;
    * Communicate with you about your use of the Services;
    * Develop new products and Services,
    * Track usage of the Websites and Services;
    * Customize the advertising you view and recommend content;
    * Backup our systems and allow for disaster recovery;
    * Fulfill your requests and provide customer support;
    * Send newsletters, surveys, offers and promotional materials related to the Services and your user preferences and behaviors and for other marketing purposes of HERB using your contact information;
    * Protect, investigate, prevent and potentially take action against possible fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activities;
    * Respond to claims that Website content is inauthentic, counterfeit, or otherwise violates the rights of third parties;
    * Respond to your requests for customer service;
    * Protect our rights and the rights of other users;
    * Enforce our Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy or any other policies governing your access to or use of any of the Websites or Services; and
    * As otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or in notices we provided to you.
  2. Creation of Anonymous Data. We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Site navigation. We reserve the right to use Anonymous Data and aggregated and other de-identified information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in our sole discretion.



## 7\. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

  1. Third Parties Designated by You. We may share your personal information with your consent or at your direction. When you use the Services, the Personal Data you provide will be shared with the third parties that you designate to receive such information, including other websites, your friends, relatives and business associates. Depending on the type of access you grant to such third parties, they may also be permitted to edit the information you have provided to us and to designate others to access and edit such information. You may change your settings at any time as to who has access to your information by going to your account settings and changing your publishing options.
  2. Users. We will share your Personal Data with other users solely for the purpose of providing the Services.
  3. Third Party Service Providers. We may rely on third party providers to support or provide some of the features and options that are available through the Websites, Services or Transactable Sites. We may also rely on third party providers to perform certain services for us in connection with your use of the Websites or Services, such as communications and hosting services, network security, technical and customer support, tracking and reporting functions, quality assurance testing, payment processing, our own marketing of the Websites or Services, promotional and contest features, Transactable Sites’ product listings and brand management, and other functions. We may share information from or about you with these third party providers so that they can perform their services or complete your requests. These third party providers may share information with us that they obtain from or about you in connection with providing their services or completing your requests. Third party providers may also share this information with their subsidiaries, joint ventures, affiliates, partners or other companies under common control. Some of our web pages utilize framing techniques to serve content to you from our third party providers, while preserving the look and feel of the Websites or Services. In such cases, please note that the information you provide is being provided to the third party. These third party service providers are required not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by HERB.
  4. Affiliates. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (“Affiliates”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
  5. Corporate Restructuring. We may share some or all of your Personal Data in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
  6. Social Networking Services. Some of our Applications and Services may enable you to post content to social networking services (e.g., Facebook or Twitter). If you choose to do this, we will provide information to such social networking services in accordance with your elections. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those websites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such social networking services. We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such social networking services; (ii) the content, products or services on or availability of such social networking services; or (iii) your use of any such social networking services.
  7. Disclosure to Third Party Companies. We may enter into agreements with companies that provide our Services by way of a co-branded or private-labeled website or companies that offer their products and/or services on our website (“Third Party Companies”). A Third Party Company may want access to Personal Data that we collect from its customers. As a result, we may disclose your Personal Data to a Third Party Company; however, we will not disclose your Personal Data to any Third Party Company for the Third Party Company’s own direct marketing purposes, unless you have “opted- in” by following the instructions we provide to allow such disclosure. If you have opted- in to receive e-mail communications from a Third Party Company and later wish to discontinue receipt of these e-mails, please contact the Third Party Company directly to update your preferences. The privacy policies of these Third Party Companies may apply to the use and disclosure of your Personal Data that we collect and disclose to such Third Party Companies. Because we do not control the privacy practices of Third Party Companies, you should read and understand their privacy policies.
  8. Businesses on HERB. We may share information from or about you (such as your age and gender), your devices, and your use of the Websites, Services and/or Transactable Sites (such as which businesses you bookmark or call) with businesses listed on HERB. You may adjust your settings to increase or decrease the amount of information we share. Keep in mind that businesses may see your Profile and receive information about your transactions with them in the Transactable Sites, regardless of your settings. Additionally, if you make a phone call to a business through or in connection with your use of the Websites or Services, we may share basic information about your call with the business that you contacted, such as the date and time of your call and your phone number (and other information that would have been available to the business had you contacted them directly, and not through the Websites or Services). You may be able to limit our ability to collect and share your phone number through your phone’s settings or phone service provider.
  9. Public Profile. Certain portions of the information you provide to us may also be displayed in your Profile. As an essential element of the Services, most of the Personal Data you explicitly provide to us when you register or update your Profile is displayed on your Profile. Your photos, posts, friends, and other content you post to the Websites or Services are also meant for pubic consumption. We may display this content on the Websites or Services and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services. Once displayed on publicly viewable web pages, that information can be collected and used by others. We cannot control who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information that you voluntarily post, so it is very important that you do not put Personal Data in your posts. Once you have posted information publicly, while you will still be able to edit and delete it on the Websites or Services, you will not be able to edit or delete such information cached, collected, and stored elsewhere by others (e.g., search engines).
  10. Other Disclosures. We also may disclose your information if we believe doing so is appropriate or necessary to prevent any liability, or fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or to protect HERB, our Websites and Services; or any rights, property, or personal safety of HERB or others. In the event that HERB is or may be acquired by or merged with another company or involved in any other business deal (or negotiation of a business deal) involving sale or transfer of all or part of our business or assets, we may transfer or assign your information as part of or in connection with the transaction and such acquiror or merged entity may thereafter utilize your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Finally, in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, information may be transferred as a business asset.



## 8\. YOUR CHOICES REGARDING INFORMATION

You have several choices regarding the use of information on our Service:

  1. Email Communications. You may cancel or modify our e-mail marketing communications you receive from us by following the instructions contained within our promotional e-mails or in some cases by logging into your User Account and changing your communication preferences. This will not affect subsequent subscriptions and if your opt-out preferences are limited to certain types of e-mails, the opt-out will be so limited. Subsequent or different subscriptions will remain unaffected. Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your User Account or use of our Websites or Services, such as administrative and service announcements, and these transactional User Account messages may be unaffected even if you choose to opt-out from receiving our marketing communications.
  2. Cookies. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept Cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting a Cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept Cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the Service. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify Cookies, please let us know at the contact information provided below.
  3. De-Linking social networking service. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to have your social networking service account (e.g., Facebook) linked to your Account, then you may de-link the social networking service account in the “preferences” section in your account settings. You may also manage the sharing of certain Personal Data with us when you connect with us through an social networking service, such as through Facebook Connect. Please refer to the privacy settings of the social networking service to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between the Services and your social media account or mobile device.
  4. Changing or Deleting Your Personal Data. The Websites or Services may allow you to review, correct or update personal information you have provided through the Websites or Services’ forms or otherwise. We will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then-active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases and that residual data may remain on backup media or for other reasons. Also, any public postings or other communications you have made on the Websites or Services such as in forums or blogs cannot generally be removed. When you edit your personal information or change your preferences on the Websites or Services, information that you remove may persist internally for our own administrative purposes. If you completely delete all of your Personal Data, then your user account may become deactivated. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
  5. Applications. You can stop all collection of information by the mobile applications by uninstalling the mobile applications. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. To serve ads in our mobile applications where Cookie technology is not available, the HERB hashes users’ device ID. Users may choose to reset or opt out of anonymous IDs at any time. If users choose to opt out, ads delivered to the mobile applications by ad serving technology will not be served on an anonymous ID.



## 9\. SECURITY OF CREDIT CARD AND BANK ACCOUNT INFORMATION

We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. This includes using Security Sockets Layers (SSL) software, which is software that encrypts the information you input. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. To most efficiently serve you when placing orders through our Transactable Sites site, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third party banking managers, processing agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and ship your order. Within the Transactable Sites, your information is kept on password protected, limited access servers. Wherever possible and applicable, the Transactable Sites’ servers reside behind a corporate firewall that maintains controls on access to the system from both our internal network and the Internet.

## 10\. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Websites or Services. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on the Websites or Services. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Service. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Data to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your Account with us. Continued use of the Websites or Services, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes
