> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thesagenext.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150613071945id_/http%3A//www.thesagenext.com/cloud/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy- SageNext Infotech, SageNext Terms and Conditions

In the course of serving its customers, SageNext Infotech acquires, stores and transmits customer communications and information that customers may regard as private or sensitive. Some of this information - such as the customer's name, address, telephone number, and credit card data - is provided to SageNext Infotech by its customers in order to establish service. Other information - such as the customer's account status, choice of services, and customer logs - is created and maintained by SageNext Infotech in the normal course of providing service. SageNext Infotech also uses cookies, which are small pieces of information that a web site can store in a designated file on a user's computer for various reasons. For example, SageNext Infotech uses cookies on the landing pages of products sold online which record the customer information that is required on the order form. This information is then forwarded to an internal sales tracking database within SageNext Infotech. In addition, SageNext Infotech may store customers' electronic mail and other communications as a necessary incident to the transmission and delivery of those communications. 

This Privacy Policy applies only to SageNext Infotech's treatment of data collected online, and does not apply to any SageNext Infotech data collection practices or to the data collection practices of any third parties, SageNext Infotech's customers, or any entities affiliated with SageNext Infotech. Also, please note that use of SageNext Infotech's website constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy. SageNext Infotech's policies and procedures for handling customer information have been created with the understanding that Internet technologies are still evolving and that Internet business methods are continuing to evolve to meet the needs and opportunities of the changing technologies. As a result, SageNext Infotech's policies and procedures are subject to change. Changes will be posted to the website and users agree to be bound by those changes. 

**[Data Security](http://www.thesagenext.com/cloud/data-security.html)**  
SageNext Infotech protects the confidentiality of its customers' information, account information and personal communications. To secure the information collected online, prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure only appropriate use of information that is collected from customers, SageNext Infotech has implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. Further, SageNext Infotech requires that employees keep customer information confidential. SageNext Infotech cautions its customers and website visitors that no medium of communication, including the Internet, is entirely secure. Accordingly, SageNext Infotech cannot be responsible for loss, corruption or unauthorized acquisition and use of personal information provided to our website, or for any damages resulting from such loss, corruption, unauthorized acquisition or unauthorized use. How is customer information used? SageNext Infotech may share customer information with selected partners, for example, to provide customers with information about products which might be of interest to the customer or to enable the customer to take advantage of special partner programs. SageNext Infotech may also use customer information to provide its customers with system information or information about new or upgraded products. 

In the case of a business transaction, including but not limited to, a merger or sale of a portion of SageNext Infotech's assets, customer information will likely be part of the assets transferred. In this event, SageNext Infotech will attempt to notify impacted customers that their information has been transferred. 

**[Disclosure of customer information and communications](http://www.thesagenext.com/cloud/support.html)**  
SageNext Infotech will not otherwise disclose its customers' personal and account information unless SageNext Infotech has reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of SageNext Infotech, SageNext Infotech's customers, or others, or where SageNext Infotech has a good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure. SageNext Infotech also will not, except for reasons stated below, disclose to third parties the contents of any electronic mail or other electronic communications that SageNext Infotech stores or transmits for its customers. The circumstances under which SageNext Infotech will disclose such electronic customer communications are when: 

  1. it is necessary in order to provide service to the customer;
  2. it is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of SageNext Infotech and its customers;
  3. it is required to cooperate with interception orders, warrants, or other legal process that SageNext Infotech determines in its sole discretion to be valid and enforceable; and
  4. it is necessary to provide to a law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently obtained by SageNext Infotech and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime.



SageNext Infotech disclaims any intention to censor, edit or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by customers or others. SageNext Infotech will, however, review, delete or block access to communications that may harm SageNext Infotech, its customers or third parties. The grounds on which SageNext Infotech may take such action include, but are not limited to, actual or potential violations of SageNext Infotech's [Acceptable Use Policy](http://www.thesagenext.com/cloud/user-acceptance-policy.html)

[](http://www.thesagenext.com/cloud/pricing.html)|  | |  | [](http://www.thesagenext.com/cloud/free-trial.html)  
---|---|---|---|---
