> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the theshadestore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161014012935id_/https%3A//www.theshadestore.com/corporate-info/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | The Shade Store

_The Shade Store - Privacy Policy_

**Introduction**  
This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") should be read together with, and is incorporated by reference into, the Site's terms of use (the "Terms of Use"). All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have those meanings prescribed to them in the Terms of Use.

The Shade Store respects the privacy of our customers and the users of our Site and has instituted the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy to ensure that your personal information is handled in a responsible manner. This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we may collect from you when you visit our Site, how we use and protect this information, and when we share it with third parties or affiliates, among other things. 

BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND USE BY THE SHADE STORE OF THE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AS DESCRIBED HEREIN. PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IF YOU DO NOT WANT IT TO BE COLLECTED, USED, AND DISCLOSED AS DESCRIBED IN THE PRIVACY POLICY. 

**International Users**  
Personal information that you submit to this Site will be collected, processed, stored, maintained, disclosed and disposed of pursuant to the applicable laws of the United States and the State of New York. If you are a Non-U.S. User, you: (i) understand and consent to the collection, maintenance, and processing of such personal information in and to the United States; (ii) acknowledge that such personal information will be stored on servers located outside your country or other local jurisdiction; and (iii) consent to the transfer of such personal information outside of your country or other local jurisdiction. If you do not consent to such transfer, you may not use this Site. U.S. LAW MAY NOT PROVIDE THE DEGREE OF PROTECTION FOR PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT IS AVAILABLE IN YOUR COUNTRY OR LOCAL JURISDICTION.

**Modifications to Privacy Policy**  
You will be notified of any material changes to our Privacy Policy on this page under "Last Update", below. Your continued use of the Site on or after the date of any such changes or update(s) shall constitute your agreement to any such updated Privacy Policy. We therefore encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current Privacy Policy.

**Last Update**  
Our policy was last updated on June 1, 2012.

**What Information Does The Shade Store Collect?**  
The Shade Store collects data that you voluntarily provide on the Site through purchase transactions, the use of our "measure and install", "to the trade" or similar features, when you registration for an account, request a catalog, or check order status, or that you otherwise provide through phone, e-mail, website-based, chat, mail and fax interactions that you submit to us or provide to our sales associates through or in connection with the Site. The Shade Store Site may collect and store two types of information: "personal information" and "automatic information." 

"Personal information" is personally identifiable information about you including, but not limited to, your name, company name, gender, billing address, shipping address, email address, telephone number, credit card information (however we do not store any such credit card information), date of birth or age, any designs or photographs you save or upload on the Site, any personal preferences you choose to provide, transaction details such as style, material, size, price, discount, date, company name, an assigned password to protect your privacy, and, with respect to trade accounts, your company website, and tax exemption certificate, among other things.

"Automatic information" is information that we may collect automatically when you interact with this Site, such as your IP address, the type of computer you use, and the web browser you use. Automatic information also includes "cookies" and "web beacons." A "cookie" is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Among other things, cookies provide a means for us to keep track of your online patterns and preferences. By understanding which areas of the Site you visit, cookies allow us to present information, products and services that are of personal interest. A cookie will not allow us to learn any personal information (such as your real name and address) that you have not otherwise disclosed. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can change your browser so that it will not automatically accept cookies. However, if you do so, it is possible that some portions of the Site may not function as intended. "Web beacons", also known as clear GIFs or single-pixel GIFs, are small image files that we may place on web pages within this Site and within web-based email newsletters that we send. Working in conjunction with cookies, web beacons allow us to accurately count the number of unique users who have visited a specific web page and the number of times those web pages are displayed. We can also use web beacons to let us know how many people opened a web-based email newsletter.

We may associate automatic information with your personal information. In the event of such association, such automatic information will be considered personal information.

**How Does The Shade Store Use This Information?**  
The Shade Store uses this information to provide information on the products and services you are interested in, to provide order quotes, to introduce you to installers via our "measure and install" webpage, to provide information on the products and services that you have ordered or requested, to confirm, process and ship sales transactions, to send order and shipping confirmations, to provide order status information, to contact you with questions or communications about your order, to respond to your customer service inquiries, or to communicate with, and enlist installers, affiliate program participants, and other third parties to provide services in connection with the Site. 

The Shade Store also uses this information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience, both online and in our showrooms, to communicate with you for marketing and promotional purposes (including sending you a catalog, samples, targeted postal pieces, newsletters, or emails); to gauge the effectiveness of such promotional communications; to administer, analyze, and improve the effectiveness of our Site; to document our business activities (including vis a vis installers); and for archival and record retention purposes.   
We do not want to receive confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets through this Site. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or by The Shade Store, any such information, materials, suggestions, ideas or comments sent to us will be deemed non-confidential, and by submitting it, you are granting us an irrevocable and unrestricted license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute it for any purpose whatsoever, with no payment or other compensation to you. 

**How Can You Access Your Information?**  
You may access and edit the personal information that is stored in your user account on this Site by signing or logging in on the Site. Simply click on the ["My Account"](https://web.archive.org/account) link from the home page and enter your email address and password to access your account. You can request password help at any time by clicking on the ["forgot my password"](https://web.archive.org/account?modal_trigger=forgot-password) link at which time we will email your password to the associated email address. You may also request to access, correct or delete personal information that you have provided to us at any time from our customer service representatives or by contacting us using the contact information below.

**How Does The Shade Store Protect Your Information?**  
We have implemented appropriate physical, electronic and administrative measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. When you place an order on the Site, Secure Socket Layer Technology ("SSL") encryption technology is utilized to protect your personal information during data transport. We do not store any credit card information. Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information. The Site also features "Hacker Safe" technology. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant that such information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our system or otherwise in our care, as the case may be, will be completely secure. Therefore, the provision of such information is done at your own risk. We shall have no liability for disclosure of your personal information due to errors, omissions or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission.

When you create an online account on the Site and become a registered user, you will be asked to provide an accurate email address and create a password. You are responsible for keeping this password confidential and are urged (i) not to share your password or account information with others, (ii) to use a secure web browser, and (iii) to change your password from time to time. If you wish to cancel a password, or if you become aware of any loss, theft, or unauthorized use of a password, please contact us as set forth below.

**Does The Shade Store Disclose Your Information to Others?**  
Except as described below, The Shade Store does not sell, share, rent or trade with third parties any personal information you provide to us through or in connection with the Site, however, we may share your personal information with our subsidiaries and/or affiliates. 

We may disclose personal information about you to third party service providers that act on our behalf ("Service Providers") and who agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and use the information only in connection with the services they provide. These Service Providers may provide a variety of services to us including, without limitation, processing credit card payments, providing website hosting, consulting or other technical services related to the Site, assisting us in fulfilling your transactions and customer service inquiries, updating your customer profile information in the database, marketing and promotional material distribution, assisting in data collection, or fulfilling your request to unsubscribe from our emails, newsletters and/or other promotional materials. We do not authorize such Service Providers to make any other use of your information.

We may enter into strategic relationships with other companies ("Strategic Partners") who offer products and services that may be of interest to you or which provide materials that are used in certain of our products. If you purchase products containing such Strategic Partner materials from us or otherwise request information on such Strategic Partners’ products or services, we may share your personal information with such Strategic Partner as part of our strategic relationship, in order to provide the information, products and services that you have requested or purchased. Our strategic partners are bound by contract to use the personal information we share with them only for the limited purposes for which we provide it to them and to take reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of your personal information. They may not use or share your personal information in a manner that would be inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

We may use and/or disclose to others aggregate information about your demographics and use of our Site in a manner that does not reveal your identity. We may also disclose personal information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may have breached our Terms of Use or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, or those of other users of our Site or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities, or when we reasonably believe that the law requires us to do so.

We may transfer or disclose personal information in the event that The Shade Store and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates engages in a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, the sale of a business unit or assets, or other "change of control" transaction. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets and remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy policy.

**Can I Unsubscribe?**  
Yes. The Shade Store honors requests to unsubscribe or "opt-out" from receipt of emails, newsletters and/or other promotional materials (including for emails that we permit other companies to send to their own list of customers or subscribers). There are several ways in which you can tell us whether or not you want to unsubscribe or "opt-out" from receiving promotional communications from us or from certain uses of your personal information. For example, in emails you receive from us, you will have the opportunity to unsubscribe or "opt-out" from receiving future promotional emails from us.

**How Does The Shade Store Protect a Child's Privacy?**  
This Site is a general audience site. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect or maintain personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen and no part of this Site is targeted to attract anyone under the age of thirteen. If we become aware that we have collected personally identifiable information from a user of the Site who is under the age of thirteen, we will remove that child's personal information from our files. 

**Your California Privacy Rights**  
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: 21 Abendroth Ave; Port Chester, NY 10573. Please allow 30 days for a response.

**Contact Information**  
We welcome your comments regarding this privacy policy. Please send any concerns to by email to [design@theshadestore.com](mailto:design@theshadestore.com) or by mail to: 21 Abendroth Ave; Port Chester, NY 10573

\---------  
THE SHADE STORE Customer Relations Privacy Policy

© 2006-2015 THE SHADE STORE, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 
