> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thesacredplant.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-11-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181110120853id_/https%3A//thesacredplant.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - The Sacred Plant

LAST UPDATED: June 1, 2018

This Website is operated by TSP Publishing, LLC (“we” or “us”). The privacy policy below (the “Privacy Policy”) discloses our practices regarding information collection and usage solely for the website located at https://thesacredplant.com/ (the “Website”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other website or service provided by us, our affiliates or clients, unless it appears on such website or service. By using and visiting our Website and by submitting your personal information to us you agree to us using your personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy.

If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy you may not access or otherwise use the Website or our service.

## Definitions

**Service**

Service is the https://thesacredplant.com website operated by TSP Publishing, LLC.

**Personal Data**

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from that data (or from other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

**Usage Data**

Usage Data is data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**Cookies**

Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

**Data Controller**

Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone, jointly, or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.

**Data Processors (or Service Providers)**

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.

We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

**Data Subject (or User)**

Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.

## What information do we collect?

We do not collect personal information unless you voluntarily supply us with personal information. Generally, we collect information from you when you email us, seek employment with us, place an order, respond to a survey, contact us or fill out a form. “Personal information” means information which identifies you as an individual, and may include your name, email address, or telephone number. When ordering on our Website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, email address, credit card information, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our Website anonymously. We may automatically collect certain non-personal information about you when you visit the Website. “Non-personal information” includes type of browser or device operating system you use, the Website that linked you to our Website, the time you spend and the pages you view on the Website, and your IP address. We may also aggregate information collected from Website visitors, such as the number of users in a particular region or having particular characteristics.

## What do we use your information for?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:

  * To personalize your experience (Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.)
  * To improve our Website (We continually strive to improve our Website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.)
  * To improve customer service (Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.)
  * To process transactions (Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested).
  * To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other Website feature
  * To add you to our and/or our affiliates’ mailing lists and we or our affiliates may separately send you emails, including promotional emails, related to our respective products
  * To operate the Website and provide you with information or services that you have requested e.g. a newsletter, bulletins etc.
  * To send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
  * To process and consider your job application



Non-personal or aggregate information may be shared with any number of parties, provided that such information shall not specifically identify you.

## How do we protect your information?

We take commercially reasonable measures to ensure that your Personal information disclosed to us is kept secure, however, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information provided online. We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your Personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your Personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. Credit card processing is done through our vendor Authorize.net. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.

## Do we use cookies?

Yes. (Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information). We use cookies to compile aggregate data about Website traffic and Website interaction so that we can offer better Website experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our Website visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf, except to help us conduct and improve our business. If you want to stop or restrict the placement of cookies or flush any cookies that may already be on your computer or device, please refer to and adjust your web browser preferences. Further information on cookies is available at [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/). By deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our Website or some of its functionality may be affected. Cookies and similar items are not used by us to automatically retrieve Personal information from your device without your knowledge.

**Examples of Cookies we use:**

Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.  
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.  
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

## Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), the TSP Publishing, LLC legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

## Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

We do not sell to or trade with outside parties your Personal information. We may send your Personal information to other group companies, affiliates and third parties to help us process your Personal information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We may, however, transfer your Personal information to other group companies, affiliates, and trusted third parties who assist us in operating our Website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also permit our vendors and subcontractors to access your Personal information, but they are only permitted to do so in connection with performing services for us. They are not authorized by us to use the information for their own benefit. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or when we reasonably believe we are required by law or legal process, to enforce our Website policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual unlawful or otherwise prohibited activities, including, but not limited to, fraud, harassment or other violations of law or the policies of the Website. We may disclose your Personal information in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding or if we or any of our assets or divisions are the subject of a sale or similar corporate transaction, including without limitation a merger, acquisition or change of control. However, Non-personal information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

**Disclosure for Law Enforcement**

Under certain circumstances, TSP Publishing, LLC may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

**Legal Requirements**

TSP Publishing, LLC may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary:

To comply with a legal obligation  
To protect and defend the rights or property of TSP Publishing, LLC  
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service  
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public  
To protect against legal liability

## Where do we send your information?

Our Website is maintained in the United States of America (“USA”). By using the Website, you freely and specifically give us your consent to export your personal information to the USA and to store and use it in the USA as specified in this Privacy Policy. You understand that data stored in the USA may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the USA.

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy, followed by your submission of such information, represents your agreement to such a transfer.

TSP Publishing, LLC will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## How long do we keep your information?

If you provide us with Personal information through the Website, we retain your information for as long as necessary for our business purposes. This may include, but is not limited to, retaining such information to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. Even if we delete some or all of your personal information, we may continue to retain and use aggregate or anonymous data previously collected and/or anonymize or aggregate your personal information. Please note that we will not be liable for disclosures of your data due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties.

## “Do Not Track” Signals

We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.

You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

## Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. TSP Publishing, LLC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update, or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.

The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.

The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.

The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.

The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable, and commonly used format.

The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where TSP Publishing, LLC relied on your consent to process your personal information.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

## Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

**Analytics**

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

**Google Analytics**

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>

**Behavioral Remarketing**

TSP Publishing, LLC uses remarketing services to advertise to you on third party websites after you visit our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.

**Google AdWords**

Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.

You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: <http://www.google.com/settings/ads>

Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout> – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>

**Facebook**

Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.

You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: <https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950>

To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: <https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217>

Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/> or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe <http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/>, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.

For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: <https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation>

## Payments

We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).

We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.

The payment processors we work with are:

NMI  
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at <https://www.nmi.com/privacy-policy/>

Paypal  
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at <https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full>

Evo  
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at <https://www.evopayments.us/privacy/>

## Third Party Links

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our Website or link to third party websites. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We do not operate or endorse these third party websites. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites. When you link away from our Website, you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to read the policies and terms of every website you visit. We may also integrate social networking services into the Website. You understand that we do not control such services and are not liable for the manner in which they operate. While we may provide you with the ability to use such services in connection with our Website, we are doing so merely as an accommodation and, like you, are relying upon those third party services to operate properly and fairly. You should be aware that information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, social network or otherwise online may be viewed and used by others. We are unable to control such uses of your personal information, and by using such services you assume the risk that the Personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties.

## California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your Personal information to outside parties without your consent, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.

## Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

We are in compliance with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our Website, products and services are not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13 and are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. If we are made aware that we have received such information, or any information in violation of our policy, we will use reasonable efforts to locate and remove that information from our records. If you are under 13 years old and wish to ask a question or use this Website in any way which requires you to submit your personal information, please get your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf.

## Opt-out Rights

To opt-out of any future promotional messages from us, you should send an unsubscribe request to us at support@thesacredplant.com. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. However, we are not responsible for removing your personal information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided with your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy or your consent. As noted above, you may opt-out of or restrict the placement of cookies on your device or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on many mobile devices. However, on many mobile devices, application users may opt out of certain mobile ads via their device settings.

## Online Privacy Policy

This online Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our Website and not to information collected offline.

## Terms and Conditions

Please also visit our [Terms and Conditions](https://thesacredplant.com/terms-conditions/) section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our Website.

## Changes to our Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to make any changes to this Privacy Policy. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If you are concerned about how your information is used, bookmark this page and read this Privacy Policy periodically so that you will know what information may be collected and how it may be used. Please look at the top of this page for the last updated date.

## Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may contact us by submitting a support ticket at [http://support.thesacredplant.com](http://support.thesacredplant.com/) or using the information below.

Mailing Address:  
TSP Publishing LLC.  
P.O. Box 4470  
Stateline, NV 89449  
USA
