> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thesgame.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-08-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190820045911id_/http%3A//www.thesgame.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – The Game

## Who are we?

Our site address is: http://www.thesgame.com. 

## What and why we collect personal data

### Comment

When a visitor leaves a comment, we collect the data displayed in the comment form, along with the visitor’s IP address and the browser’s user agent string to help check for spam comments. 

An anonymized string (also known as a hash) generated by your email address may be provided to the Gravatar service to confirm that you are using the service. The privacy policy of the Gravatar service is here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. Once your review is approved, your profile image will be publicly displayed next to your comment. 

### Media

If you upload images to this site, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location information (EXIF GPS). Visitors to this site will be able to download and extract location information from the images on this site. 

### Contact Form

### Cookies

If you leave a comment on our site, you can choose to save your name, email address and website with cookies. This is to make it easier for you to fill out the relevant content without having to comment again. These cookies will be kept for one year. 

If you have an account for this site and you are logged in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to confirm that your browser accepts cookies. This cookie does not contain personal data and will be discarded when you close your browser. 

When you log in, we also set up multiple cookies to save your login information and screen display options. Login cookies are kept for two days, while the on-screen display options cookies are retained for one year. If you select “Remember me,” your login status will remain for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the cookies used to log in will be removed. 

If you edit or post an article, we will save an extra cookie in your browser. This cookie does not contain personal data and only records the ID of the article you just edited. This cookie will be kept for one day. 

### Embedded content from other sites

Articles on this site may contain embedded content (such as videos, images, articles, etc.). The behavior of embedded content from other sites is no different than your direct access to these other sites. 

These sites may collect information about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking programs, and monitor your interactions with these embedded content, including tracking you when you have accounts for those sites and are logged in to those sites. Interaction with embedded content. 

### Statistics

## Which do we share your information

## How long do we keep your information

If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata will be saved indefinitely. We do this to be able to identify and automatically approve any subsequent comments without adding these subsequent comments to the pending queue. 

For registered users of this website, we also store the personal information provided by the user in the profile. All users can view, edit or delete their personal information at any time (except that the user name cannot be changed), and the site administrator can view and edit that information. 

## What rights do you have about your information

If you have an account with this site, or have left a comment, you can request that we provide an export file of your personal data that we have, which also includes all the data you provide to us. You can also ask us to erase all personal data about you. This does not include data that we must retain due to management, regulatory or security needs. 

## Where do we send your information?

Visitor comments may be checked by the automated spam monitoring service. 

## Your contact information

## Other information

### How do we protect your data

### What data leakage processing process do we have?

### Which third party do we receive data from?

### What kind of automatic decision making and/or induction by user data?

### Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
