> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thestuccocompany.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080619144502id_/http%3A//www.thestuccocompany.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TheStuccoCompany.com Privacy Policy

**TheStuccoCompany.com Privacy Policy**

At the same time that TheStuccoCompany.com is committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs, we recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about you, our customers and prospects. In adopting this customer privacy policy, our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information with your reasonable expectations of privacy.

TheStuccoCompany.com does not collect personally identifying information about individuals, except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals.

Web servers serving TheStuccoCompany.com automatically collect information about which pages each user visits and the domain name of visitors. This is used for internal review, to tailor information to individual visitors and for traffic audits. We also provide this information (as well as information from third-party market researchers) about our users on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our advertisers. Any personally identifiable information provided by subscribers online as part of an advertiser promotion online (i.e. online coupons) may be provided directly to advertisers.

TheStuccoCompany.com may place a "cookie" on the browser of a TheStuccoCompany.com user's computer. The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifying information. A cookie can be used to tell when your computer has contacted a Web site; we use the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as delivery of ads, so we can customize delivery of information without compromising privacy. For example, cookies are used to ensure that you don't see the same ad too many times in a single session.

A user's personally identifiable information (e.g., name, e-mail address) may be used by TheStuccoCompany.com for editorial purposes. For example, we may use information provided by you to us as part of an editorial online survey. If we run competitions or contests on the site, you may be required to provide information such as your telephone number and address in order to participate. The exact rules may vary in each case but the specific rules for any contest will state how that information may be used. We also may use personally identifiable information for marketing and promotional purposes. We may send you e-mails about TheStuccoCompany.com products, promotions, or services as well as on behalf of other companies.

Additionally, user's personally identifiable information may be used for the purpose of establishing an account at TheStuccoCompany.com website. Such account is required to use full set of functions of our Usenet archive, including posting articles. We take all precautions to prevent user's e-mail from being easily available to spammers' automated e-mail collection bots. It is required, however, that a message that you post be signed, and therefore we transform your e-mail into a form that can be deciphered by a human, but is highly unlikely to be recognized by a bot. If you choose to post your messages using our Usenet archive, please be advised that we cannot guarantee that your e-mail address will not be read or used for any purpose by someone outside our system. This is a standard way Usenet operates, and our system does not pose any more risk than any other newsgroup reader. Also realize that due to the way Usenet operates we do not have any control over the message that you posted. Once posted, it cannot be deleted or recalled, so choose your words wisely and be polite to the community.

Except as stated in this privacy policy or at the time of collection, user's personally identifiable information, will not be transferred to a party outside TheStuccoCompany.com , its divisions, its vendors providing Internet hosting services or third party list managers unless stated at the time of collection. If you do not wish to receive any e-mail or to have us share such information with another party, you may "opt out" at any time by e-mailing us or contacting us by regular mail.

We do not control the privacy policies of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors or other sites to which we provide hyperlinks. TheStuccoCompany.com users should also be aware that, when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards, that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others.

Kids: Be sure to ask your parents for permission before you send any information about yourself, such as like your name, address, or e-mail address, over the Internet, to us or to anyone else and before making any purchases online.

Parents: We encourage you to get involved with your children's online usage and to be aware of the activities in which they are participating. Any personally identifiable information collected by TheStuccoCompany.com that we are aware is from children will be used only for TheStuccoCompany.com internal purposes such as market research, sweepstakes fulfillment or for fulfilling requests for information or materials, and may sometimes be included in our database. Such information will not be posted or published by us, or provided to any third parties, without your prior consent. Anonymous aggregated data is sometimes provided to other parties with which we do business, for statistical and market research purposes as described above. Finally you should be aware that if your children voluntarily disclose information such as their names or e-mail addresses on various forums or chat areas, such disclosures may result in unsolicited messages from other parties.

Technology on the Internet is developing at a rapid pace, and we need to maintain our flexibility in the online arena. If we need to change our policy in the future, we will post these changes as soon as they go into effect. 
