> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the theseogym.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-02-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130221024958id_/http%3A//theseogym.com/page.php%3Fp%3D2) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Theseogym

Privacy Policy - theseogym.comPrivacy Policy for theseogym.comIf you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at admin@ theseogym.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by theseogym.com and how it is used.Log FilesLike many other Web sites, theseogym.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.Cookies and Web Beaconstheseogym.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.DoubleClick DART Cookie.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on theseogym.com..:: Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to theseogym.com and other sites on the Internet. .:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.htmlSome of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include .......Google Adsense-theseogym.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. theseogym.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
