> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thesteadyhandblog.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120626075935id_/http%3A//thesteadyhandblog.com/disclosure-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure and Privacy Policy | The Steady Hand

This Disclosure policy is valid from March 29,  2011.

The Steady Hand is owned and operated by Aprile Mazey.

For questions about The Steady Hand,  please contact aprile@thesteadyhandblog.com.

The FTC requires bloggers to disclose any type of advertising revenue received from my blog. As such, please note I make money from the banner ads on my sidebar,  posts and footer.

The Steady Hand accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.  
The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third-party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

The Steady Hand is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though I receive compensation for my posts or advertisements,  I always give my honest opinions,  findings,  beliefs,  or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely my own. Any product claim, statistic,  quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer,  provider or party in question.

The Steady Hand does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

To get your own policy,  go to

[](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-I-fdakr1U6E/TZHnWWEaYOI/AAAAAAAAAOI/wf1buwqAP0A/s1600/I+disclose+button+-+small.jpg)

This Privacy Policy was last modified on March 17,  2011.  
**What information do we collect?**  
We collect information from you when you place an order,  respond to a survey or fill out a form.  
When ordering or registering on our site,  as appropriate,  you may be asked to enter your:  name,  e-mail address,  mailing address or phone number. You may,  however,  visit our site anonymously.

 **What do we use your information for?**  
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:  
To administer a contest,  promotion,  survey or other site feature

 **How do we protect your information?**  
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter,  submit,  or access your personal information.

 **Do we use cookies?**  
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.  
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements.

 **Do we disclose any information to outside parties?**  
We do not sell,  trade,  or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website,  conducting our business,  or servicing you,  so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law,  enforce our site policies,  or protect ours or others rights,  property,  or safety.

 **Third party links**  
Occasionally,  at our discretion,  we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless,  we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

 **California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance**  
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.

 **Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance**  
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act),  we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website,  products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.

 **Online Privacy Policy Only**  
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.

 **Your Consent**  
By using our site,  you consent to our [online privacy policy](http://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/).

 **Changes to our Privacy Policy**  
If we decide to change our privacy policy,  we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.  
This policy was last modified on March 17, 2011

 **Contacting Us**  
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.

http://thesteadyhandblog.com/

Fort Worth, Texas  
USA  
aprile@thesteadyhandblog.com
