> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thesouledstore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-02-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160227234755id_/http%3A//www.thesouledstore.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Souled Store

####  Privacy Policy

The Souled Store respects every user of our service and is committed to protecting your privacy when you use The Souled Store. **Your trust is very important to us, and we will go out of our way to earn it and keep it. We will not ever rent or sell your personal information to any third party, and we do not send spam**. This Privacy Policy describes the information that we collect from you, how we collect this information, and what we do with it after we collect it. The Souled Store shall have the right to modify this Privacy Policy, which modification shall be effective immediately following The Souled Store's posting of such change on the website. Your use of The Souled Store’s service following such posting shall be deemed to constitute your acceptance of such modification. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please [contact us](http://thesouledstore.com/index.php?route=information/contact).

## **Use of Personal Information**

You can use The Souled Store without having an account. You can also contact us about a particular image, post, product, or other posting without having a Souled Store account. Certain other activities on The Souled Store, such as uploading images, selling your artwork as products, posting comments, or applying for collaborations, requires you to have a Souled Store account. We ask for some personal information when you create a Souled Store account, including a valid email address and a password, which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access. A Souled Store account allows you to access many of our services that require registration. We may collect personally identifiable information from you when you seek access to certain portions of The Souled Store service, publish content for sale, and/or register for our services, such as collaborations. This information may be used to fulfil your requests for services, operate, maintain, and provide to you the general and personalized features and functionality of The Souled Store, process any flagging activity or correspondence you send to us, communicate with you about your account, support your online activities, respond to your questions, customize your experience and customize the content or features of The Souled Store service. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, physical and e-mail addresses, phone numbers, Internet address and type of computer, as well as your preferences and usage patterns. We may also use your personally identifiable information to notify you of changes to The Souled Store, Terms of Service and/or Privacy Policy. 

## **Non-Personal Identifiable Information**

We may also collect aggregated information regarding the use of our service, such as the extent to which certain features are used. Aggregated information is anonymous, statistical information that reflects the scope of our user base, sales, customer patterns and related site information. We use this information to better understand how The Souled Store service is used, and to improve the online experience of our users. This information is not used in a way that will personally identify you. In addition, certain non-personally identifiable information is collected by The Souled Store and may be used by any third-party advertising providers during the course of your use of The Souled Store service. 

## **Cookies & Shared Objects**

We may also use cookies and/or shared objects to track and understand the traffic on our website. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that our website places onto your computer's hard drive. Cookies identify your computer so that we can recognize you the next time you visit us. We may use cookies and/or shared objects to collect and store some information about you, such as the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using, the date and time you access our website and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our website. We use this information to better understand our users and customize our site for users' particular preferences. 
