> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thevacationtimes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190505202336id_/http%3A//thevacationtimes.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – The Vacation Times

At TheVacationTimes.com, we are committed to protecting online user privacy. This “Privacy Policy” discloses the privacy practices for the TheVacationTimes.com website (“TheVacationTimes.com”). It describes the policies governing our knowing collection, use, and disclosure of information. To ensure your privacy, information we collect is used only in the manner and for the purposes described below. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. By accessing or using our website you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Website Terms of Use. You also agree that you are expressly and affirmatively consenting to our use and disclosure of the information that you provide, and consenting to receive emails, as described below in this privacy policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE. 

**Anonymous User Information**  
TheVacationTimes.com collects some anonymous information each time you visit TheVacationTimes.com so we can improve the overall quality of your online experience. We collect your IP address, referral data, and browser and platform type. You do not have to register with TheVacationTimes.com before we can collect this anonymous information. We do not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, e-mail address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information. We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Website, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities 

TheVacationTimes.com does not require you to share information that identifies you personally, such as your name or email address, in order for you to use browse the TheVacationTimes.com website. Like most standard Web site servers, we use log files to collect and store the anonymous user information described in this privacy policy. We analyze this information to examine trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. TheVacationTimes.com may present links in a format that enables us to understand whether they have been followed. We use this information to understand and improve the quality of the TheVacationTimes.com website and services. We may also share this information with authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers to measure the effectiveness of our online advertising and content. 

**Personally Identifiable Information**  
Some activities on TheVacationTimes.com, such as signing up for email alerts or newsletters, registering for an account, submitting content, sending correspondence, or purchasing a product or service from us or our partners, may require you to provide personal information. We may collect information when you fill out a form, request customer support, participate in contests, sweepstakes or promotions, apply for a job, or otherwise communicate with us. This information may include first and last name, email address, phone number, date of birth, or other personally identifiable information. If you order a product or service from us or our partners, you may be required to provide your credit card number, expiration date, authentication, and other related information. These activities are optional. If you choose not to provide information that is mandatory for a particular activity, you will not be allowed to participate in that activity. 

**Cookies**  
We use a feature of Internet web browsers called a “cookie,” which is a small file that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. This enables us to store user preferences and track user trends and search patterns. We use cookies to improve the quality of the TheVacationTimes.com services and to better understand how users interact with us. We do not and cannot use Cookies to retrieve individual personally identifiable information about you from your computer unless you knowingly and willingly provided such information. The cookie technology we use cannot obtain information from your hard drive or pass on a computer virus. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some TheVacationTimes.com features or services may not function properly without cookies. 

**Information security**  
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. 

**Information sharing**  
We may share personally identifying information with other companies or individuals in any of the following limited circumstances: 

  * We have your consent.
  * We provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf. When this is done, it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with Third Party Service Providers to fulfill orders, process credit card payments, deliver packages, send email, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results, and provide customer service. We may release personal information to credit card companies to process payments for items ordered or to banks to process payments to affiliates. 
  * When required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a criminal investigation, a court order, or legal process served on our Web site. We may also share your personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of TheVacationTimes.com’ terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. 
  * If you have an account, we may share the information submitted under your account among all of our services in order to provide you with a seamless experience and to improve the quality of our services. We will not disclose your account information to other people or non-affiliated companies, except in the limited circumstances described in this Policy or with your consent. 
  * We may store and process personal information collected on our site in the United States or any other country in which TheVacationTimes.com or its agents maintain facilities. By using our services, you consent to the transfer of your information among these facilities, including those located outside your country. 
  * TheVacationTimes.com may use third party service providers to serve ads and emails on our behalf. These companies may use technologies to measure the effectiveness of ads and emails and use information about your visits to TheVacationTimes.com so that we can provide a better search experience to you. For this purpose, we may also provide these third-party service providers anonymous information about your site navigation. 
  * You agree, in consideration for the use of the Services provided by TheVacationTimes.com, to allow TheVacationTimes.com to use your personal information to send you marketing and promotional materials. TheVacationTimes.com may also send you marketing and promotional materials that promote third party products. These materials may include, but are not limited to newsletters providing you with additional information on how to use the Services, and promotional offers for goods and services from TheVacationTimes.com or third parties. TheVacationTimes.com will not rent or sell your personal information for use by third parties. 
  * We may share certain information about you with carefully selected business partners, including those who may offer services that complement those provided by us or which we believe may be of interest to you. By completing the TheVacationTimes.com registration form, you agree and give assent to be contacted by TheVacationTimes.com and/or selected third parties via telephone and/or email for the purpose of being informed of such additional products or services. We may also disclose information to third parties who assist us in providing our services to you. For example, we may engage third parties to make improvements on our site, to offer new products and to allow us to customize your experience on the Site. 



**Correspondence**  
If you contact TheVacationTimes.com, we may keep a record of that correspondence and we may collect your email address. 

**Third Party Information Gathering**  
TheVacationTimes.com includes content and ads from third parties that may perform user activity tracking other than that described herein. These other sites may place their own cookies on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information. For more information about each third-party content provider, cookies, and how to “opt-out”, please refer to such third party advertiser’s privacy policy 

TheVacationTimes.com contains links to other sites on the Web. Please be aware that TheVacationTimes.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. 

**Children’s Privacy**  
TheVacationTimes.com does not knowingly request or collect personally identifiable information online or offline contact information from users under 18 years of age nor do we knowingly use or share personal information from users under 18 years of age with third parties. 

**Sale of Assets**  
In the event that another company acquires all or substantially all of the assets related to the business of TheVacationTimes.com, we reserve the right to include any or all stored personal information among the assets transferred to the acquiring company. 

**Changes to Privacy Policy**  
We reserve the right to amend or revise this privacy policy from time to time. We will post these changes to this page. Use of information that we gather now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used. 

Last Updated: January 11, 2017
