> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thewalkingdead.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190607142837id_/https%3A//www.skybound.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Skybound Entertainment

**Skybound Privacy Policy**  
_Last Updated: May 25, 2018_

**Introduction.**  
The operator of this website, Skybound, LLC (together with its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, brands and divisions, as may change from time to time, “Skybound,” “we,” “us,” “our”), has created this Privacy Policy to explain what information we collect from individuals online, how we use that information and how we share it with others. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us using the information provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our Terms and Conditions. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time consistent with applicable law. Changes to our Privacy Policy shall become effective as of the date they are posted. Therefore we encourage you to visit this section of our website regularly in order to remain informed of any changes.

When you submit your personal information (as defined below) to us, whether through our website at www.skybound.com and dependent pages (the “Site”), by joining Skybound Insiders, through our social media presences, games, mobile apps, or similar services (collectively with the Site, the “Services”), you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. You may withdraw your consent at any time by sending an email to accounts@skybound.com. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use any Service and do not provide personal information to us through any Service.

“Personal information” includes means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, including but not limited to information about you by which you may be personally identified, including, for example, your name, address, email address, in some jurisdictions your IP address, telephone number, age, gender, date of birth, account numbers, VAT/Tax ID, and financial and payment information.

Generally, you may browse the Site without providing any personal information. Certain Services may allow use without providing personal information as well. However, we may ask that you provide specific personal information at various times and locations throughout the Services to provide you with the best possible products and services that Skybound has to offer, including when you register on the site when you join Skybound Insiders as well as when you make an online purchase.

We value and respect your privacy. Skybound has appropriate technical and organizational measures in place designed to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind, however, that no internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Services may not be secure, and you should, therefore, take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this Site or other Services, it is your responsibility to safeguard them.

**Age Requirements for General Use of Site.**  
Our Services are for general audiences and we do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age. By using our Services, you affirm that you are at least 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, do not use the Services. If you are younger than 18 years of age, by registering or participating in any of our Services or related functions, including providing any personal information, you hereby represent that you are in possession of consent from a legal parent or guardian who has agreed to the terms of this Privacy Policy on your behalf. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a Service user is not at least 13 years of age, we will promptly delete any Personal information in that user’s account.

**What Information We Collect.**  
Personal information: We do not collect your personal information, except when you wish to provide it to us or when itis otherwise obtained as set forth in this Privacy Policy. For example, we collect Personal information as a condition of registration on the Site, when you purchase our books, clothing, or other products (“Products”), if you subscribe to Skybound Insiders, if you choose to post it to any forums, in comments and/or in chat rooms of our Services, or if you choose to complete our surveys or participate in our sweepstakes or contests. If you engage in any of these activities on our Services, you will be required to provide Personal information. If you decide to place an order, we (or our third-party payment processor) will also need to know your shipping and billing address, credit card number and expiration date.

**Aggregate Demographic Information:**  Skybound gathers aggregated demographic information through its tracking of IP addresses and other types of traffic data. This information is anonymized and therefore it cannot be linked to any personal information with the effect that it can identify any individual person. Skybound may share this aggregated demographic information with third parties, including with partners, advertisers, or affiliates.

**Sweepstakes, Surveys & Contests:** On occasion Skybound requests personal information from users via sweepstakes, surveys or contests. Participation in these events is completely voluntary. If you do not consent to provide your Personal information you should not participate in the survey, sweepstakes or contest.

**Mailing Lists:**  At the time of sign-up, members of Skybound Insiders may receive information on Products, Services, special deals, newsletters and other materials from Skybound. Users who no longer wish to receive such materials from Skybound may opt-out of receiving these communications by emailing us at accounts@Skybound.com. However, please note that even if you opt-out you will always receive Site and Service announcement updates, which are distributed to members automatically in connection with our provision of Services.

**Forums,  Blogs, Message Boards:** If you register for access to any of our blogs or message boards, we will use your personal information to enable you to view and post messages on the boards. However, you should understand that community forums, blogs, and message boards are tools that allow you to communicate with members of the online community. As such, whenever you give out personal information in public areas, that information can be collected and used by others. We are not responsible for any personal information you provide publicly or to third parties.

**Location:**  When you use certain of our Services, such as our games or mobile apps, we may request your consent to collect information about your actual location in order to provide location-based services. We may use various technologies to determine your location, including Wi-Fi triangulation, Bluetooth Low Energy, GPS, IP address, and other sensors. We may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your mobile hardware accessing the Service. This location data is used by us to provide and improve location-based Services.

**Other Usage Information:**  In order to provide the Services, we will also collect and record information about your use of the Services. For example, if you play our games, we may record your actions in the game in order to track your progress, in-game purchases you have made, and similar information. We may analyze this data (alone or in combination with other information) in order to improve our Services and for the other purposes described below.

**Information Collected By and From Social Media and Other Content Platforms:**  If you access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in (e.g., through a social network), you may allow us to have access to certain information in your profile. This may include your name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, an ID associated with the applicable third party platform or social networking account user files like photos and videos, your list of friends, people you follow and/or who follow you, or your posts or “likes.” If you do not wish to have this information shared by social media platforms, do not access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in. For a description on how social networking sites handle your information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use. We may combine information that we collect from or about you with information about you that we obtain from such social media and other content platforms and information derived from any other subscription, product, or service we provide.

**Information From Affiliates and Non-Affiliated Third Parties:**  We may also obtain information about you from third parties, such as marketers, partners, researchers and others to better understand your needs and preferences. We may enrich the personal information you provide to us with other information that we validly obtain from public sources or third parties. Some of this data may also constitute personal information.

**How We Use Your Information.**  
Your personal information will be used in connection with the performance of the contract we have with you, including to contact you in relation to an order you have placed, for marketing, in order to improve our Services and other legitimate business interests (including to notify you of Skybound Products and Services, sales and promotions, or other matters that may be of interest to you) and in relation to your use of the Services.

You may, at any time, stop email communications from Skybound by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link contained in every email communication that Skybound sends to you. Following this, you may still receive transactional messages (such as receipts for Product orders), and critical messages related to your account (such as password reset requests that you initiate).

We may also use your personal information for market research purposes.

We may share your personal information with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties. We do not authorize any third party to sell, share, or rent this information or use it for any purpose not disclosed in this Privacy Policy.

We will only send personal information about you to third parties when:

• We have your consent to do so, including by your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.

• We need to share the information in order to provide any product or service you have requested and/or to fulfill the applicable functions of the Services.

• In order to provide a product or service which is provided by a third party, including, but not limited to, payment processing, shipping, order tracking, promotional fulfillment, and customer service.

• In order for third parties to provide you with information about their products and/or services that may be of interest to you.

• We need to respond to the valid legal process. This includes a search warrant, subpoena, or court order, and any other instance when we reasonably believe we are legally required to comply.

• We deem it necessary to disclose personal information, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to protect Skybound’s rights or interests. We may also exchange information, including personal information, with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection and risk reduction.

• Skybound sells or buys subsidiaries or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the event that Skybound or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your customer information will be one of the transferred assets. If we purchase a business, the Personal information received with that business would be treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy in effect at that time, so long as it is practicable and permissible to do so. If we sell a business, we will include provisions in the selling contract requiring the purchaser to treat your Personal information in the same manner required by our Privacy Policy in effect at that time. The provisions of this paragraph will apply also if we are sold as a part of bankruptcy proceedings.

**Traffic Data.**  
We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Site and may do so when you use our other Services: (1) IP addresses; (2) domain servers; (3) types of computers accessing the Site; (4) web beacons; and (5) types of web browsers used to access the Site (collectively “Traffic Data”). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience using the Services. Traffic Data can also provide us information about your use of the Services so that we or our third-party vendors can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on the Site (and some Services) sent directly to your browser.

Some of these third-party companies may be participants in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). The DAA offers a choice mechanism with respect to certain types of data collection and use. Visit www.aboutads.info to exercise choice with respect to participants of the DAA. If you would like to opt out from having the behavioral-based advertising companies with whom we have a relationship use your personal information for advertising purposes, you can also do so by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative. If you change computers, devices, or browsers, use multiple computers, devices, or browsers, or delete your cookies, you may need to repeat this process for each computer, device, or browser.

Cookies and IP Addresses: We may place a “cookie” on your computer’s hard drive so we can recognize you as a return user in order to personalize and improve your experience. A cookie is a piece of data that enables us to track and target your preferences. The cookie will be stored on your computer’s hard drive until you remove it. We may also use temporary or “session” cookies to help you shop. You can have your browser notify you of, or automatically reject cookies. If you reject our cookies, you may still use the Site, but you may be limited in the use of some of the features. Some of our affiliates may also use cookies on the Site. However, we have no access to, or control over, these cookies and do not accept any responsibility for such use. We may, in addition, use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Services, track traffic patterns, and gather demographic information for aggregate use, as well as in combination with your Personal information for purposes such as credit fraud protection and risk reduction. We also use cookies or a sessions key to customize content specific to your interests, to ensure that you do not see the same advertisement repeatedly, and to store your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site or use a Service.

Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but please note that you may at any point in time change your browser settings to stop receiving new cookies or request to be asked at each time whether you wish a cookie to be installed onto your hard drive. If you decline or delete cookies, some parts of the Services may no longer work properly.

Third-party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to this Site and/or other sites on the Internet. Skybound does not control and disclaims liability for the actions of third-party vendors.

Web Beacons: We may use web beacons (or clear GIF’s) on our Site or include them in the email messages we send you. Web beacons (also known as “web bugs”) are small strings of code that provide a method of delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data. We use web beacons for many purposes, including site traffic reporting, unique visitor counts, advertising and email auditing and reporting, and personalization. Information gathered through web beacons may be linked to your personal information.

While your browser or mobile device may also allow you to send a “do not track” signal when you visit the Site, we do not modify our practices in response to this signal. We will continue to comply with this Privacy Policy in any event.

IP Addresses: Skybound may also keep track of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to troubleshoot technical concerns and to maintain website safety and security. An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet.

Log Files: Skybound may collect information in the form of logs; that is, files that record website activity and gather statistics about users’ browsing or app use habits. These entries are generated anonymously, and help us determine (among other things) how many and how often users have visited our Services, which pages you have visited, and other similar data (i.e., navigational data). We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the Services we provide you.

Device Information: We collect device-specific information, such as the hardware model and operating system on your mobile device, desktop or laptop computer. We may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Services account.

Google Analytics: One tool we use on the Site is Google Analytics. To learn more about how Google uses data, please visit <https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners>. For opt-out options specific to Google Analytics, please visit <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>.

**Security.**  
All Personal data is protected within Skybound’s secure infrastructure and transfers of data are encrypted including between the users and the Site using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. These security measures are implemented by us and the vendors to whom we provide Personal information, in accordance with industry standards to protect the security of your Personal information both online and offline. If you have any questions about the security of the Services, you can email us at [accounts@skybound.com](mailto:accounts@Skybound.com).  
Links.

We may provide links to other websites solely for your convenience and information. These websites are not under our control and have their own policies regarding privacy that you may wish to review. Please be aware that we have no responsibility for the privacy practices of such other websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through the Services. Skybound makes no guarantees about the accuracy, currency, content or quality of the information provided by such third-party websites, and Skybound assumes no responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading, or unlawful content that may reside on those websites.

**International Data Transfers.**  
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), we may transfer your personal information to countries that have not been found by the European Commission to provide adequate protection for your Personal information, including the United States. For any such transfers, Skybound takes necessary measures to ensure that your Personal information receives an adequate level of protection. By using the Services, you give your consent to the transfer of your Personal information outside of the EEA. If you do not wish your Personal information to be transferred outside of the EEA, you should not enter Personal information into the Services.

**Data Retention.**  
Your Personal information will be stored for so long as is necessary to achieve the purposes for which it was collected, but no longer than the time period ascribed under applicable retention policies and/or in accordance with applicable law. Our retention policies reflect local statute of limitation periods and national statutory obligations.

**Termination of Membership.**  
If a registered member’s information changes or a registered member wishes to terminate his or her membership, Skybound will correct, update, or remove that user’s Personal information from its database, upon receipt of notification from the registered member. Members may terminate membership by emailing us at accounts@Skybound.com.

**Your Personal Information Rights.**  
If you are a resident of the EEA (or as otherwise required by law), you have the following rights in connection with the Personal information you provide us with: (1) the right to request the transmission of the Personal information you have provided to us to you or another company, (2) the right to object to any uses or disclosures of your Personal information, (3) the right to withdraw your consent in relation to our processing of your Personal information based on your consent, (4) the right to request deletion of your Personal information, subject to certain legal limitations on this right above, and (5) the right to request that we restrict processing of your Personal information, in each case in accordance with applicable law. If you are a resident of California (or as otherwise required by law), you have the right to request information regarding our disclosure of your personal information by us to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.

You may exercise these rights free of charge unless the request is unfounded, excessive, or otherwise unreasonable, for instance, because it is repetitive. In some situations, we may refuse to act or may impose limitations on your rights, as permitted by law. Before Skybound is able to provide you with any information or correct any inaccuracies, we may ask you to verify your identity and/or provide other details to help us respond to your request. To exercise any of the rights in this section in relation to your Personal information, please contact us at accounts@Skybound.com. In all cases, you have a right to file a complaint with the applicable data protection regulator if you are not satisfied with any action that we take in connection with the exercise of your rights.

**Membership Cancellation.**  
Skybound will terminate the membership of repeat infringers of its Terms and Conditions or this Privacy Policy. If you believe a member is a repeat infringer, please contact Skybound at [accounts@skybound.com](mailto:accounts@skybound.com "accounts@skybound.com") and provide information and any evidence to substantiate that such member is a repeat infringer. Skybound will, at its sole discretion, determine if such member qualifies for termination.

**Contact Us.**  
For any reason and at any time you may contact us at the following address: [accounts@skybound.com](mailto:accounts@Skybound.com).
