> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the theweatheroutlook.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231224934id_/http%3A//theweatheroutlook.com/twoother/cookie-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclaimer

####  Overview

A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to the web browser, which enables the web server to collect information from the browser. We use cookies in several ways. The most common uses are:  
1) to remember your forecast location or postcode,   
2) to remember you when you visit this website to keep track of your browsing patterns and to build up a profile of how you and other users use the website.  
3) to remember your discussion forum login, so that you don't need to enter your username and password every time you visit the discussion forum

Find out more about the use of cookies on [ http://www.cookiecentral.com](http://www.cookiecentral.com/).

####  Stopping cookies

Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies. If you want to know how to do this please look at the “help” menu on your browser. However, switching off cookies may restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which the website operates.

####  Third party advertising cookies 

Most of the advertisements you see on the website are generated by third parties. Some of these third parties generate their own cookies to track how many people have seen a particular advertisement (or use the services of third parties to do this), and to track how many people have seen it more than once. These cookies cannot be used to identify an individual; they can only be used for statistical purposes, for example, in providing you with advertisements that are more relevant to your interests. Some of the information gleaned from third party cookies will be aggregated with other anonymous information for statistical purposes. The third party companies that generate these cookies have their own, very strict, privacy policies but we don't have access to these cookies; other than allowing them to be served, we have no role to play in these cookies at all (although we may use statistical information arising from these third party cookies and provided to us by third parties, to improve the targeting of advertisements to users of the website). If you would like to disable "third party" cookies generated by advertisers or providers of targeted advertising services, you can turn them off by going to the third party's website and getting them to generate a one-time "no thanks" cookie that will stop any further cookies being written to your machine. 

A lot of the ads on the site are served by Google, as a third-party vendor. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users on this site based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet.   
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.co.uk/privacy_ads.html). 

TheWeatherOutlook is owned by Technimatch Ltd. Copyright 2000 - 2011.
