> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the theweekdaytimes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180515004713id_/http%3A//theweekdaytimes.com/pri.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Cookies, Web beacons, and Other Information Collected Using Technology. The Company currently uses cookie and web beacon technology to associate certain Internet-related information about an individual with information about the individual in our database. Additionally, the Company may use other new and evolving sources of information in the future (together, "Technology Information"). Cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data stored on the hard drive of the individual's computer that allows Company to identify the individual with his or her corresponding data that resides in Company's database. You may read more about cookies at www.cookiecentral.com. Individuals who use the Websites need to accept cookies in order to use all of the features and functionality of the Websites. [opt out of web becons](http://static.audienceinsights.net/)

Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us. We allow you to control the e-mail that you receive from us. In addition, our site provides its members the opportunity to opt-in or opt-out of receiving communications from third-party sponsors. 

Survey Information. The Company collects information from individuals when an individual voluntarily completes a Company survey, order form, or a registration page either online or offline, or by means of online or offline surveys, order forms, or registration pages operated by third parties (collectively, a "Survey"). (As used herein, "online" means using the Internet, including the Websites, and related technologies, and "offline" means by methods other than online, including in person, in the postal mail, using telephones and cell phones, and other similar means.) In the Surveys, the Company or a third party (a "Third Party") may ask an individual to provide various information to the Company, which may include his or her name, email address, street address, zip code, telephone numbers (including cell phone numbers and carriers), birth date, gender, salary range, education and marital status, occupation, employment information, personal and online interests, and such other information as may requested from time to time (together, "Survey Information"). Company or third party may also collect information such as what browser you are using and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. Completing the Surveys is completely voluntary, and individuals are under no obligation to provide Survey Information to the Company or Third Party, but an individual may receive incentives from the Company or a Third Party in exchange for providing Survey Information to the Company. 

Third Party Cookies In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser. On Occasion, we will also share aggregated usage information with others. This type of information does not contain your identity or anything personally identifiable to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: networkadvertising.org 

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit our site. These companies may collect and use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media, such as mobile apps, about goods and services that may be of interest to you, and to understand how users respond to advertising on our website and other websites. These companies may collect this information using technologies such as cookies and pixels. We may also share personal information such as your email address in hashed non-human readable form with these advertising companies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>. 

Multi-Offer Partners  
During your sign up you may be transferred to the site of one of our Multi-Offer Partners. This site contains a list of additional multiple offers you might be interested in. You need only check 'Yes' for any of the offers listed on this site that is of interest to you. We may pre-populate your personally identifiable information on this offer site to make it easier for you to sign up for these offers. All information provided to our Multi-Offer Partners is subject to their own individual privacy policies. The Advertisers listed on the Multi-Offer Partner list do not have access to your personally identifiable information until you agree to accept their offers and submit that information to them. Each of the Advertisers on the Multi-Offer Partner list also has their own privacy policy. 

Third Party Email:   
When you fill out one of our forms, you are consenting to receive e-mail that informs you about new merchandise, sales, special discounts and promotions from us and our trusted 3rd party partners. If you wish to discontinue receiving these emails you will need to click the opt-out hyperlink at the bottom of the email. 

We MAY sell or transfer individual information to trusted third parties for any legaly permissible purpose at its sole discretion. 

Please contact us if you have any questions or comments. 

Thank you 
