> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thewatchhut.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121229103153id_/http%3A//www.thewatchhut.co.uk/information/privacy-statement.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement and Cookie Information Watches | Quality Designer Watches | The Watch Hut

This notice describes our privacy policy; by visiting our website, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this notice.

## Controllers of Personal Information

Any personal information provided to or gathered by us is controlled primary by DM London Ltd of Unit 24 Waterfront East, Level Street, Brierley Hill, West Midlands, DY5 1XG.

Customers and visitors to the site are reminded that they are able to enquire about any personal information held by the company and to make correction and changes. An initial response will be made within 20 working days. Customers can revoke access to information by contacting the company by email to sales@thewatchhut.co.uk or by phone on 01384 721555. For more information on how to control you browsers use of cookies see our section on “How to Control your Cookies”

  


## Collection and Use of Personal Information About Customers

When you place an order with us you will be asked to enter your name, address, email address and a contact phone number as well as a password. This will create a user account for you which will allow you to track the progress of your order and will enable you to make future purchases more easily. We do not ask you for your payment card information at this point, so no financial information is stored in your user account. 

  
The information we learn from customers when they place an order helps us personalise and forever improve your shopping experience with us. We use this information to: handle orders; deliver products and services; process payments; contact you about orders, products, services, special offers and promotional activities; update our records; to improve our store and platform; prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website; and to enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf. Any third parties must use the information in accordance with this privacy notice and as permitted by the UK's Data Protection Act.

We will only release personal information when we feel it is appropriate to comply with law, to enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property or safety of thewatchhut.co.uk, our users or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. However, this does not include selling, sharing or otherwise disclosing personal information about customers for commercial purposes. 

Information about our customers is an important part in the running of our business, and we will not sell it on to other parties.

## Cookies

  


### How The Watch Hut uses cookies

Whenever you use our websites, mobile sites, mobile applications or applications information may be collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies.

By using The Watch Hut you agree to our use of cookies as described in this Cookie Policy.

### What are cookies?

Cookies are pieces of information generated by a Web server and stored in your computer, ready for future access. They are contained in the HTML information which flows backwards and forwards between your computer and the servers.

Cookies are used to personalize Web search engines and to store shopping lists of items a user has selected while browsing through an online shop. Essentially, cookies make use of user-specific information transmitted by the Web server onto your computer so that the information might be available for later access by itself or other servers.

Persistent cookies stay on your computer or device after the browser has been closed and last for the period of time specified in the cookie. These persistent cookies are activated each time you visit the site where the cookie was generated.

We use cookies on our website to keep track of the contents of your shopping basket to the checkout. If your computer settings are set to block cookies then you will be unable to make a purchase from our website as the items in your shopping basket will not be carried forward to the checkout. By using cookies in this way we are able to make the shopping process easier for you as they allow you to place items in your shopping basket and store them there for future visits until you purchase them or remove them.

### Functional cookies

These cookies allow websites and applications to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. The information these cookies collect is usually anonymised which means we can't identify you personally. They do not gather any information about you that could be used for selling advertising or remembering where you've been on the internet, but do help with serving advertising.

We use these types of cookies to improve your experiences include:

Remembering your preferences and settings

Remembering if we've already asked you if you want to fill in a survey or if you've completed a survey, so you're not asked to do it again

Remembering if you've been to the site before so that messages intended for first-time users are not displayed to you

Supporting social media components, like Facebook or Twitter (where a website uses a plugin from these third party platforms, for example)

If you would like a list of the functional cookies used by us or have any further questions, you can use the form on our ‘Contact us' page.

  


### Analytics cookies

In order to keep our site relevant, easy to use and up-to-date, we use web analytics services to help us understand how people use them. For example, we can see which products are most popular, identify when errors occur, and test different versions of a page or feature to see which one works best. These web analytics services may be designed and operated by other companies on our behalf.

Cookies allow web analytics services to recognise your browser or device and, for example, identify whether you have visited services before, what you have previously viewed or clicked on, and how you found us. The information is anonymous and only used for statistical purposes. It allows us to track information, such as how many individual users we have and how often they visit our websites. It also helps us to analyse patterns of user activity and to develop a better user experience.

Web analytics data and cookies cannot be used to identify you as they never contain personal information such as your name or email address. However, if you have registered and signed in to our Digital Products and Services, we may combine information from your registration with the data we get from the web analytics service and its cookies (or similar technologies) to analyse how you and other people use our Digital Products and Services in details.

Cookies may be placed on your device by our third party service providers which remember that you have visited a website in order to provide you with targeted adverts which are more relevant to you and your interests.

Although these cookies can track your visits around the web they don't know who you are.

Cookies in use do vary, but some of the major systems in use include:

**Google Analytics** \- http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout

  


### Third party cookies

Please note that on some pages of our websites you may notice that cookies have been set that are not related to The Watch Hut or our authorised service providers. When you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, YouTube or Facebook, these service providers may set their own cookies on your web browser. The Watch Hut does not control the use of these cookies and cannot access them due to the way that cookies work.

### Advertising cookies

We use a number of companies to retarget advertising that you will see as you surf the internet. These companies changes from time to time. A list of current companies are provided below, please see their site for details on how to opt out of their targeting

**Criteo** \- http://www.criteo.com/us/privacy-policy

  


### How to control your cookies

For information on controlling your cookies please visit the pages relevant to your internet browser

**Internet Explorer** \- http://support.microsoft.com/kb/196955 

**Firefox** \- http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Cookies

**Google Chrome** \- http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647 

**Opera** \- http://www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/security/privacy/ 

**Safari** \- http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/5.0/en/9277.html 

**Safari iOS** \- http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1677

**Android** \- http://support.google.com/mobile/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=169022

**Blackberry** \- http://docs.blackberry.com/en/smartphone_users/deliverables/32004/Turn_off_cookies_in_the_browser_60_1072866_11.jsp

**Windows Phone** \- http://www.microsoft.com/windowsphone/en-us/howto/wp7/web/changing- privacy-and-other-browser-settings.aspx

  


## Payment Information

All payments are processed over a secure server and are fully encrypted, using SSL technology, by our payment provider Sage Pay/HSBC. All of your sensitive card information is encrypted and is not held in clear text on any site. The payment provider will use the information you provide to run security and fraud checks as necessary. Because this information is encrypted and handled by our payment providers we do not store any of this information on our website nor do we have access to your complete card details at any time.

From time to time The Watch Hut sends promotional emails to customers and other who opted to receive them. You have the rights to opt out of receiving the mails at any time. To opt out and remove yourself from the database either use the automatic opt out button that is present on each email or send an email to marketing@thewatchhut.co.uk to request a manual deletion.
