> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the theyworkforyou.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170624175609id_/https%3A//www.theyworkforyou.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - TheyWorkForYou

Our privacy policy is very simple:

  1. We guarantee we will not sell or distribute any personal information you share with us.
  2. We will not send you unsolicited email.
  3. We will gladly show you the personal data we store about you in order to run the website.



### How to unsubscribe from TheyWorkForYou email alerts

There is a link at the foot of every email we send you. Please follow this link to pause or cancel your alerts. No log-in is required.

If you have problems unsubscribing, you can contact us on [support@theyworkforyou.com](mailto:support@theyworkforyou.com).

### What is your cookie policy?

We use cookies to save you from having to repeatedly sign in to the site, and also to remember your postcode. We may also use them to record if you've answered one of the survey questions we ask. The site will work with cookies disabled, but it won't be as good.

### What are these survey questions?

In order to improve the site we're asking some questions to help us understand who uses the site and what they want. The answers are completely anonymous.

### Measuring website usage (Google Analytics)

We use Google Analytics to collect information about how people use this site. We do this to make sure it’s meeting its users’ needs and to understand how we could do it better.

Google Analytics stores information such as what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here, what you click on, and information about your web browser.

We have also enabled the Advertising Features of Google Analytics. In particular, we use **Demographics and Interest reporting** to identify trends in the types of users visiting our site, which may be used for internal reporting and improvement of the site content.

In technical speak, this allows Google to collect data about your traffic via Google [advertising cookies](http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/types/) and [anonymous identifiers](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/key-terms/#toc-terms-identifier), in addition to data collected through a standard Google Analytics implementation. Regardless of the source of the data, we strictly adhere to [Google’s policy requirements](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2700409) in our treatment of your data. We do not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product or feature.

### Google’s Official Statement about Analytics Data

“This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.”

### Opting out

If you’re unhappy with the idea of sharing the fact you visited our site (and any other sites) with Google, you can [install the official browser plugin for blocking Google Analytics](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).

If you want to disable advertising-based tracking, you can [adjust your Google Ads Settings](https://www.google.com/settings/ads), or opt out of advertising-based tracking across a number of providers in one go using the [Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out form](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).

Rest assured, we only track usage data for one reason: to help us understand how we can make the site work better for you, our users.

### The small print

TheyWorkForYou is run by mySociety, a UK not-for-profit social enterprise. Our registered address is:

mySociety  
483 Green Lanes  
London  
N13 4BS  
United Kingdom

…and we can also be contacted at [hello@mysociety.org](mailto:hello@mysociety.org).
