> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the upmc.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030602074418id_/http%3A//community.healthgate.com/getcontent.asp%3FSiteID%3Dupmc%26DocID%3D/choice/copyright/privacy%26DocType%3D4) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CHOICE For UPMC Health - HealthGate's Privacy Policy

HealthGate is a leader in setting ethical standards for Internet consumer health Web sites and our policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our users. We present this policy to give you a clear understanding of how we operate our Web site and how we collect information from you and how it is used by us. 

The information you provide, whether it is when you research a topic of interest or elect to register for certain services, is personal to you HealthGate will not disclose your personal health information or the subjects that you search while visiting HealthGate (or a member of the HealthGate Network) to third parties without your consent. 

There are no longer any HealthGate-copyright-owned content sources that you may choose to access where HealthGate asks you for personal information such as your name, sex and e-mail address. HealthGate will not, under any circumstances except as describe herein, disclose personal identifying information about you to any third party. 

However, if it is available on the site of a member of the HealthGate Network, you are required to register for the WellMed Health Risk Report. When you use this feature, it is hosted on the WellMed site and this site will clearly disclose what information is required, what information is optional and how that information may be used. 

Health information you supply for the Health Risk Report may be anonymously pooled into a database to be used by WellMed and HealthGate for the purpose of assessing general trends and outcomes and improving services. WellMed has agreed with HealthGate to remove all personal identifiers from any pooled data. HealthGate cannot access individual health information submitted to WellMed. WellMed has agreed not to disclose to third parties any personal health information or any identifying data (including name, mailing address, e-mail address and telephone number) unless (1) you expressly direct HealthGate or WellMed to disclose such information or (2) HealthGate or WellMed is required to disclose such information by any applicable law or legal process (such as a subpoena or court order).

When you click on "Send to a friend" at the top of any of our pages, we will ask for your e-mail address and the address of the person receiving the page URL and you also may add personal comments. The e-mail address of the receiver of the page URL will not be used for any other purpose than to send the page URL and any personal comments you added. HealthGate does not store either your e-mail address or the address of the person receiving the page URL. 

HealthGate collects data from the Web logs of the servers -- the computers that "serve up" Web pages -- delivering the HealthGate-copyright-owned content sources. This includes information about what you view and, along with information gathered from our other users, we create "aggregate data" reports that we may disclose to third parties. The third parties with whom we share aggregate data with may include our "Information Partners," or the companies, organizations and professional societies that supply us the medical information that you access, and applicable members of the HealthGate Network. The HealthGate Network consists of those hospitals and other Web sites with which HealthGate has an agreement to provide content. For example, if you visit us from one of the hospitals to which we supply content, we will aggregate the data about what information you used while on the site with other visitors from that site and supply it to the sponsoring hospital. HealthGate will not disclose any individually identifiable information to a third party without your express prior written authorization. 

The information on HealthGate's sites is specifically not intended to be used by minors under the age of 13. HealthGate and the members of the HealthGate Network encourage parents to discuss the value of healthcare information with their children. HealthGate will, at no time, if we learn information about a specific minor, share that information with anyone. However, because HealthGate does not have the ability to learn the age of a visitor, we are unable to restrict access to information that may be unsettling to some minors. If parents have questions about our site, our Network or our privacy policy, we encourage you to ask us questions. 

An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. Many Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. 

HealthGate collects IP addresses from the Web server logs for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information to our clients through whose Web sites you access HealthGate's content, and to audit the use of our site. When users request pages from HealthGate, our servers log the users' IP addresses. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our house rules or terms of service or to protect our service, site, customers, or others. 

Cookies are used for record keeping and to track your movements when you visit a Web site. The use of cookies is an industry standard - you'll find them used at most Web sites, including health-related ones. 

There are two types of cookies: persistent and session. Persistent cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. HealthGate does not use persistent cookies and, therefore, does not place bits of computer code found with cookies on your computer. HealthGate does utilize session cookies that enable you to navigate the content that you use during your visit. Session cookies do not give us access to any personally identifiable information about you. 

HealthGate uses session cookies with one single purpose in mind: to help you better understand and navigate areas of the HealthGate service that our users find valuable. While this activity depends on the use of a session cookie, visitors to HealthGate always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser settings. 

We do not control cookies from the other sites that you may link to from HealthGate. 

You should be aware that when you are on HealthGate and the HealthGate Network, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from HealthGate and the HealthGate Network pages that take you outside our service. For example, you may link to another site that we believe offers you additional medical information that may be of some value to you. In addition, should you "click" one of these links, the "click" takes you off the HealthGate site. This includes links from partners that may use HealthGate or the HealthGate Network's logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. 

HealthGate's policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond HealthGate's control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. 

When you send e-mails to features such as "Ask the dietitian/trainer" or to "Support", we reasonably expect to receive the e-mails. However, due to the volume of questions we receive, we are unable to answer them all. If your question is chosen to be answered, we will send you an e-mail to let you know. New questions are posted once each month and, even, if your question is selected, we publish only the question - not your name or e-mail address. The senders' e-mail addresses sent are not stored any longer than 30 days and we do not use identifying personal information for any other purpose although it may be included in anonymous, aggregated statistical information.

You may request that we delete any personal information we may have collected about you (such as e-mail address) from our computers by contacting us directly using any of the following: 

  1. E-mail your request to support@healthgate.com 
  2. Call 781-685-4025 and asking for Client Services
  3. Send regular mail to:

**Client Services**   
HealthGate Data Corp.   
25 Corporate Drive, Suite 310   
Burlington, MA 01803 

Due to our regular schedule for creating back-ups for our active databases and the need to retain accurate business records, it is impossible for us to remove each and every occurrence of any information that you have provided to us or that we may have learned about your searching habits. However, we will remove such information from our active files immediately upon receipt from you of any such request. 

The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our users is of utmost concern to us Personal information submitted by you when you are using the Health Risk Report we offer from WellMed is transmitted to WellMed via a secure method that uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. At WellMed, the information is stored in a secure database behind an electronic firewall and is password-protected. Once you have registered for access to secure area hosted WellMed, you would have been assigned a username and password. You are the only person who has access to this information. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. HealthGate will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail. Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information. 

If you access HealthGate from a public workstation in a library or hospital, remember to sign out and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if your computer is accessible to others. 

HealthGate cannot completely ensure the privacy of e-mail communications to and from our site because they are not encrypted and, therefore, not secure. These communications, like most Internet e-mail, could be intercepted without your knowledge and permission, while in transit to or from our site. This includes e-mail you send to us through our various mailboxes, and URL information e-mailed from our site to others using the "Send to a friend" feature. If you are concerned about your privacy, we suggest that you do not use e-mail to communicate information to us that you consider sensitive. 

Once we have information that we may have learned while you have visited a site on the HealthGate Network, we store this information on database servers at the HealthGate Data Center, that we house at a Cable & Wireless Internet Services Inc. secure facility in Waltham, Massachusetts. Cable & Wireless Internet Services Inc. maintains both onsite guards, pass code locked doors access, and pass code authority. 

Although HealthGate will make every effort to safeguard your personal information, you should know that no site could warrant that it is 100% secure from "hackers" who might learn how to evade security systems or intercept transmissions over the Internet. 

HealthGate may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) HealthGate's rights or property, other HealthGate users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. HealthGate may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. In the event that we are compelled to disclose personal and/or health-related personal information, we will notify affected users, if the law allows, before making the required disclosure. 

HealthGate will only use the information we learn about you in the manner described in the Privacy Policy in effect when the information was collected from you. However, we reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to our site. If, at any time, we wish to use personal information about you in a manner drastically different than we have described here, we will make every effort to contact you if you have given us your e-mail address or to make sufficient public announcements that, in our sole discretion, give you ample opportunity to ask that we delete any personal information we have about you in our files. We encourage you to visit our site occasionally to learn about any changes in our Privacy Policy. 
