> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wttw.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040607155621id_/http%3A//wttw.com/about/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | WTTW11

Window To The World Communications, Inc. (WWCI) has created this "Privacy Policy" to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy and security while visiting our website. We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of the users of our sites. 

This privacy policy will advise you about how we protect your personal information, and about what choices you have concerning our use of such information. Please read this policy carefully. We may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our sites. We will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose that information to anyone. Please refer back to this policy regularly. 

**Personal Identification Information**   
From time to time we may disclose personal identification information about you as an individual user (such as, for example, your full name, street address, telephone number or e-mail address) to one or more third parties. We may request personal identification information from you in connection with your use of, or participation in, (i) contests, sweepstakes, games or surveys, (ii) becoming a member of WTTW or WFMT or pledging financial support, (iii) community postings such as forums, discussion groups or bulletin boards, (iv) requests for additional information in connection with other activities, services or resources we make available on our site and (v) e-mail transactions. In all of these cases, we will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. 

If you do provide us with personal information, we may use it to conduct the activities described above. If you identify yourself to us by sending us an e- mail with questions or comments, we may use your personal information to respond to your questions or comments. We may file your comments for future reference, or we may discard the information after we have reviewed it. 

If you give us your permission, we may also use personal identification information for internal marketing and promotional purposes, or on occasion, when mailing lists are made available to other organizations. If at any time you would like WWCI to discontinue using this information, you can let us know by sending an e-mail stating your preference to [networkchicago@networkchicago.com](mailto:networkchicago@networkchicago.com). Please note, however, that under certain circumstances, if you "opt-out," you may not be eligible for certain benefits for which a name, e-mail address, telephone number or other personal identification information is needed.

**Security Policy**   
Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority. We have taken careful measures to secure both your information and our physical premises. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers. Our secure server software encrypts information, ensuring that all Internet transactions remain private (unless sent by an unsecured means, such as e-mail). Neither WWCI, any telephone network nor service providers are responsible for incorrect or inaccurate transcription of information or for any human error, technical malfunctions, lost-delayed data transmission, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, line failures or any telephone network, computer equipment, software, inability to access any website or on- line service or any other error or malfunction or misdirected entries. Last sentence deleted. Non-Personal Identification Information And The Use Of Cookie Technology We collect non-personal identification information through the use of "cookie" technology and/or IP address tracking. Non-personal identification information might include the browser you use, the type of computer, the operating systems, the Internet service providers and other similar information. Our system also automatically gathers information about the areas you visit on our sites and about the links you may select from within our site to other areas of the World Wide Web or elsewhere online. We use such information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our sites. This way we know which areas of our sites are favorites of our users, which areas need improvement, and what technologies are being used so that we may continually improve our sites. 

**Access To/Correction of Information**   
If you would like to review any personal information we have retained about you in our database, please send us an e-mail request for this information at [networkchicago@networkchicago.com](mailto:networkchicago@networkchicago.com). Once you have reviewed this information, at your request we will correct personal information about you that you state is erroneous. To request such a correction, please send an e-mail to [networkchicago@networkchicago.com](mailto:networkchicago@networkchicago.com). 

**Your Acceptance of These Terms**   
By using the this Site, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of this WWCI Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes. 
