> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mrfood.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061218002444id_/http%3A//www.mrfood.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Mr. Food - Privacy Policy / Security

WEB SITE PRIVACY POLICY

Your privacy is very important to us. Ginsburg Enterprises Incorporated (“GEI”), owner of the MR. FOOD® and OOH IT’S SO GOOD!!® brands, respects your interest in maintaining your privacy.

We do not collect personally identifiable information (i.e., information such as name, address, phone number, electronic mail [“e-mail”] address, etc., which might identify a user as a particular person) about you on our Web site or otherwise unless you choose to give it to us by registering on our Web site, entering a contest on our Web site, or by communicating with us by e-mail, telephone, postal mail or the like. When you choose to give us information, we endeavor to keep it confidential, but only to the extent described in this Privacy Policy.

You can visit the public parts of our Web site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information. We currently do not enable “cookies” on our Web site.

To improve the content and usability of this Web site, however, GEI does automatically collect information about the type of browser (for example, Netscape, Internet Explorer, etc.) used, the operating system resident on a user’s computer, and the date and time a user visited the site.

**IF YOU CHOOSE TO GIVE US ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION, SUCH AS WHEN YOU ENTER OUR COOKBOOK CONTEST, YOU SHOULD BE AWARE THAT WE MAY SELL, RENT, SHARE OR OTHERWISE DISCLOSE MAILING LISTS THAT MAY CONTAIN PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU TO OTHER COMPANIES THAT MAY WISH TO SEND YOU INFORMATION THEY THINK WILL INTEREST YOU. WE MAY ALSO POST THE NAME AND HOMETOWN OF COOKBOOK WINNERS ON OUR WEB SITE. BY ENTERING THE COOKBOOK CONTEST, YOU GIVE US PERMISSION TO SO POST YOUR NAME AND HOMETOWN IF YOU SHOULD BE SELECTED A WINNER. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO RECEIVE SUCH INFORMATION, OR HAVE YOUR NAME AND HOMETOWN POSTED ON THE WEB SITE IF YOU SHOULD WIN A COOKBOOK, PLEASE DO NOT ENTER THE COOKBOOK CONTEST OR OTHERWISE SUBMIT ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF TO US.** We may maintain some records of individuals who contact us in case we need to contact them later or provide them information in the future. If you choose to correspond with us through e-mail, we may retain the content of your e-mail messages, your e-mail address and our responses. We provide the same protection for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.

No applications on the mrfood.com Web site specifically solicit information from minors (anyone under eighteen years old) or seek to determine whether the visitor is a minor. Minors are prohibited by the Terms and Conditions of Use that applies to the mrfood.com Web site from entering any contest or otherwise providing personally identifiable information to GEI through the Web site. Because such information will not be specifically identified as being from minors, users of the mrfood.com Web site should be aware that personally identifiable information submitted to it by minors will be subject to being treated in the same manner as information given by an adult.

All Site Visitors – Submissions Prohibited

Mr. Food and GEI are pleased to hear from their loyal fans and welcome your comments regarding their TV program, products and services, including the MR. FOOD® online services. Unfortunately, however, GEI’s company policy does not allow us to accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions or materials other than those we may specifically request from time to time. We hope you will understand that it is the intent of this policy to avoid the possibility of future misunderstandings when projects developed by Mr. Food or GEI’s professional staff might seem to others to be similar to their own creative work.  
If you do send us any recipes, creative suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts or other information (collectively, the “Information”), the Information shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of GEI. None of the Information shall be subject to any obligation of confidentiality on the part of Ginsburg Enterprises Incorporated, and GEI shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of Information. Without limitation of the foregoing, GEI shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to any Information submitted and will be entitled to use the Information for any commercial or other purpose whatsoever, without compensation to, or acknowledgement of, you or any other person sending the submission.  
You also agree that the terms of this Privacy Policy will supersede any inconsistent terms that you might seek to impose on any such Information, including terms accompanying any such Information, unless GEI expressly states otherwise in writing in connection with any specific request for Information that GEI may publish.

We sell GEI merchandise through a site located on the World Wide Web at [http://www. mrfood.com](http://www.%20mrfood.com/). At GEI, we recognize and respect your privacy. We limit the information collected about you to what is needed for conducting business and offering products or services that might be of interest to you. As well, we limit our employees’ access to our customer files only to those who need such information to conduct our business.

Privacy Policy Changes

If we decide to change or update our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here in the Privacy Policy section of our Web site. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or would like to review, correct or remove any information that we may have on file about you, please feel free to contact us by e-mail at [info@mrfood.com](mailto:info@mrfood.com).
