> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mrfreefree.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150318140524id_/http%3A//www.mrfreefree.com/page.tg%3Fprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Mr Free Free - Privacy Statement for Mr.FreeFree.com

Mr.FreeFree.com is committed to protecting the privacy of our online visitors. This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices governing the use of information submitted to Mr.FreeFree.com through newsletter subscription and club membership. 

**Newsletter and Members Club Registration:** We do not share our email lists or contact details with third parties. We do not subscribe people to our newsletter or our club unless they request that this is done. Mr.FreeFree.com holds all data gathered in strict confidence. Under no circumstances will your e-mail address be sold to, supplied to, or otherwise made available to any third party. uttogratis.com's monthly newsletter subscription requires individuals to provide a valid email address, while those who wish to join the Mr.FreeFree.com Members Club are required to provide basic contact information (such as their name, email, and postal address), and demographic information (such as their zip code, gender and age). This information is for internal use only. We use or may use your contact information (such as email address) from the registration form to send you newsletters and occasional information about our company. The members' sign up form is also used to contact the individual when necessary regarding exclusive offers that match the selected category(s) from our list . Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time. see the Opting-out section below. 

**Advertisers:** We use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies that are collected and tracked by outside ad companies. These sites have privacy policies which may be different from ours. You should read the privacy policies on such sites before subscribing to their services. 

**Links to Other Sites:** Mr.FreeFree.com contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. HOWEVER, if you find an instance where something inappropriate appears on one of these sites, please contact us (link) and report the problem. We will remove the link if we also find it to be inappropriate. Mr.FreeFree.com only lists the free content information of web sites. We are not responsible for any loss or anything that occurs. 

**Contests:** We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors to become a member and supply contact information (such as email address, name and postal address ). This contact information is only used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. 

**Personal Identification Information:** If you identify yourself to us by sending us an e-mail with questions or comments, we may use your personal information to respond to your questions or comments. We may file your comments for future reference, or we may discard the information after we have reviewed it. For example, we may send you e-mails to introduce a product or service that we believe might be of interest to the member based on his/her request for this information by category. 

**Public Forums:** This site makes links to chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. 

**Opting-Out of Further Communications and Updating Personal Information:** Mr.FreeFree.com's Newsletter subscribers and Club members may opt-out of receiving further communications from Mr.FreeFree.com by following the URL listed at the bottom of each newsletter received. Which gives clear instructions on how to send an email to the unsubscribe address. 

**Security, Fraud, and Abuse:** This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under control. Mr.FreeFree.com regularly reviews these measures to better protect you. Occasionally, information may be provided to Mr.FreeFree.com fraudulently or by an individual unauthorized to provide such information. When Mr.FreeFree.com is notified of suspected fraud or abuse, we take steps to resolve the problem immediately. 

**Limitations Of Liability:** Under no circumstances, including, without limitation, negligence, shall Mr.FreeFree.com or its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees or agents be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, resulting from the use or the inability to use Mr.FreeFree.com's service or for the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services or resulting from any goods or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into by means of or through Mr.FreeFree.com's service, or resulting from unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, or other information that is sent or received or not sent or received, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, use, data or other intangibles, even if Mr.FreeFree.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. You agree that Mr.FreeFree.com is not liable for any failure to deliver, hold or store email transmitted through the service. You agree that Mr.FreeFree.com does not endorse the subject matter of any of the contents of communications transmitted through its service. You also agree that Mr.FreeFree.com shall not be responsible or liable to you, or to anyone, for the statements or conduct of any third party on or arising from use of Mr.FreeFree.com service. If you are dissatisfied with Mr.FreeFree.com's service, your exclusive remedy is to discontinue use of the service. some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages so some of the above may not apply to you. 

**Notification of Changes in the Privacy Policy:** If we change this Privacy Policy, you will be notified. ontacting the Web Site If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: By E-mail: privacy@tuttogratis.com 
