> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hhv.de privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606222836id_/http%3A//www.hhv.de/shop/en/customerservice/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | hhv.de | shop

We appreciate your interest in our website. Protecting your privacy is very important to us. Below we provide detailed information on how to deal with your data.

## Collection, processing and use of personal data

You can visit our site, without disclosing your person. We only store access data without personal reference, such as the page from which you visit us or the name of the requested file. This data is used solely to improve our offer and do not allow the conclusion on your person. Detailed information on standard server logs, see <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server_log>. Personal data are only collected when you ask us in your order for goods or open a customer account or register for our newsletter voluntary. We use the data without your prior consent solely for the purpose of processing the order. With full implementation of the contract and full payment your data will be closed for further use and after the tax and commercial storage periods deleted, unless you have given express consent to the further use of your data. If you registered for the newsletter your email-address will be used for advertising purposes until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. You can unsubscribe at any time.

## Use of Cookies

On several sites we use cookies to make visiting our website attractive and to allow the use of certain functions. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer. Most of the cookies used on our webserver will be deleted from your hard drive after the browser session (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your computer and allow us to recognize your computer during your next visit (so-called persistent cookies). Our partners are not allowed to collect, to process or use personal information using cookies.

### Web analytics by econda GmbH

To ensure the tailored design and optimum performance of this website, solutions and technologies by econda GmbH ([www.econda.de](http://www.econda.de/)) not only collect and store anonymized data, but also utilize this data to compile usage profiles by means of pseudonyms. Cookies can be used for this purpose which make it possible for an Internet browser to be recognized. Without the express consent of a visitor, however, usage profiles will not be stored together with data pertaining to the pseudonymous visitor. IP addresses, in particular, are rendered indecipherable immediately after receipt, which makes it impossible to match a usage profile with an IP address. Visitors to this website can opt out here—at any time—of the collecting and storing of their data: <http://www.econda.de/econda/datenschutz/widerruf-datenspeicherung.html>

### Web analytics by AddThis

To allow sharing and recommending content, this website employs Clearspring Technologies Inc.’s AddThis service ([http://www.addthis.com](http://www.addthis.com/)). In the course of using this service, anonymized data are collected and stored to later be utilized to compile pseudonymous usage profiles. Said profiles are being used for analyzing visitor behavior, in order to ensure the optimization and adequate design of this website, and also for online ad targeting. Cookies, which allow for the recognition of users upon revisiting the website, can be utilized for these purposes. Without the concerned visitor’s express consent, the above-mentioned usage profiles will not be joined with data pertaining to the pseudonymous visitor. Visitors to this website can – at any time – opt out of the collection and storage of their data for online ad targeting purposes by clicking on the “opt-out” button here: <http://www.addthis.com/advertising-choices>

### Web analytics by Google Inc.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer, to analyze the use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this site are usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. In the case of activation of IP anonymization on this website, your IP address from Google will be truncated within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before. Only in exceptional cases the full IP address is sent to a Google server in the USA where it shortened. On behalf of the site owner Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity together and to provide other use of the website and internet related services with respect to the website owner. As part of Google Analytics provided by your browser IP address will not be merged with other data from Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, we would point out, however, that in this case you may not be able to use all features of this site will be fully.

They may also prevent the detection of the cookie generated by and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of these data by Google by downloading the available at the following link browser plugin and install <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de>

## Disclosure of personal data

A transfer of data takes place only to the shipping company that we outsource the delivery of your order, as they are required to deliver the goods. For the settlement of payments your payment information will be transferred only to the credit institute responsible for your payment.

## Right to information

According to the Federal Data Protection Act you have a right to free information about your stored data, and to the right to correct, block or delete this data.

## Data Security

Your personal data is encrypted in the ordering process via SSL standard transmitted over the Internet. Credit card information is not stored, but directly collected and processed from our payment services provider "ipayment" by 1& 1 Internet AG. We secure our website and other systems through technical and organizational measures against loss, destruction, access, modification or distribution of your data by unauthorized persons. The access to your account is only possible by entering your personal password. You should keep your access information confidential and close the browser window when you have finished your communications with us, especially if you share the computer with others.

## Withdrawal of consent

The following consents you have given back during the ordering process explicitly. Please note that your consent at any time may revoke for the future.

### Permission to email advertising

## Use of Facebook social Plugins  
 

This website uses so-called social plugins ("Plugins") of the social network Facebook, which is operated from the Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). The plugins are a Facebook logo or the words "social plug-in from Facebook" or marked as "Facebook social Plugin". An overview of the Facebook plugins and their appearance can be found here: <http://developers.facebook.com/plugins>  
 

If you request a page of our website, which contains such a plugin your browser builds a direct connection to the servers of Facebook. The content of the plugin will be sent directly to your browser and from there it will be incorporated in the website.  
 

By integrating the plugin Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed the certain page of our website, even if you don't have a Facebook account or are not currently logged into Facebook. This information (including your IP address) will be sent directly from your browser to a server of Facebook in the U.S. and stored there.  
 

If you are logged into Facebook, Facebook can assign your visit of our website to your Facebook account directly. If you interact with the plugins, for example, by pressing the "Like" button or by using the comment function, the corresponding information is also transmitted directly to a server of Facebook and stored there. The information is also posted on Facebook and can be seen by your Facebook friends.  
 

Facebook may use this information for purposes of advertising, market research and personalized design of Facebook pages. For this purpose, Facebook creates user-, interest- and relationship profiles, such as your use of our website can be evaluated in order to present you individualised onscreen advertisements, to inform other Facebook users about your activities on our website and to provide further Facebook related services.  
 

If you do not want Facebook to allocates the collected data via our website to your Facebook account, you must log out before you visit our site on Facebook.  
 

Purpose and scope of this data collection and the further processing and use of this data by Facebook, and your rights and settings taken to protect your privacy can be found in the privacy notices of Facebook: <http://www.facebook.com/policy.php>

Back To Top 
