> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the arkansas.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080624041342id_/http%3A//arkansas.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## About Us

This is a privacy policy for the Arkansas Department of Parks and Tourism and its entities. Our homepage on the Web is located at [http://www.arkansas.com](https://web.archive.org/). This policy was created to meet the requirements of Arkansas Act 1713 of 2003. 

We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy. You may contact us by mail at the following address:

Arkansas Department of Parks and Tourism  
One Capitol Mall  
Little Rock, AR 72201   
USA

You may contact us by e-mail at [adpt.webmaster@arkansas.gov](mailto:adpt.webmaster@arkansas.gov). You may call us at 1-501-682-7777. 

## Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals

We have the following privacy seals and/or dispute resolution mechanisms. If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, they can help you resolve your concern.

We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy. You may contact us by mail at the following address:

Arkansas Department of Parks and Tourism  
One Capitol Mall  
Little Rock, AR 72201   
USA

You may contact us by e-mail at [adpt.webmaster@arkansas.gov](mailto:adpt.webmaster@arkansas.gov). You may call us at 1-501-682-7777. 

## Arkansas Freedom of Information Act:

Information which can be identified or associated with a particular person or persons that is available from government web sites is subject to these principles and policies: 

  * The Arkansas government has information about individuals, or which can be identified or associated with a particular individual, and this information is contained in the public records of the Arkansas state and local government. The Arkansas Freedom of Information Act addresses the type of government information which is available to the public. See Ark. Code Ann. 25-19-105. Information generally available under the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act and not made confidential elsewhere in the Arkansas Code or by federal law may be posted for electronic access through Aristotle for the Arkansas Department of Parks and Tourism. 
  * The Arkansas Freedom of Information Act recognizes many concerns people have with regard to public records that include information about them, including the right to correct inaccurate information. Consequently, persons concerned with regard to information about them should contact the custodian of the record, which typically is the state agency or other governmental entity that collects and maintains the information. 



Information which can be identified or associated with a particular person or persons that is collected by Aristotle for the Department of Parks and Tourism is subject to these principles and policies: 

  * The information collected should only be that necessary to provide the information or services sought by the requester, just as a person might provide such information when visiting a governmental office in person. The information collected is subject to the same controls and uses as that collected by governmental offices visited in person, again subject to the access and confidentiality provisions of the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act, Ark Code Ann., 25-19-101 through 25-19-107, or to other applicable sections of the Arkansas Code. You do not have to provide personal information to visit the network's Web sites or download this information. 
  * The IP (Internet Protocol) numbers of computers used to visit network sites are noted as part of our statistical analysis on use of our web sites and how to better design services and facilitate access to them. Government agencies may request personally identifiable information from you in order to provide requested services, but such information is handled as it would be on an in-person visit to a government office. 
  * Various commercial Web sites may be linked through the network. These private sector sites are not subject to the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act. Visitors to those sites may wish to check their privacy statements and be cautious about providing personally identifiable information. 



## What kind of information does this Web site collect?

Unique identifiers issued by a web site or service for the purpose of identifying an individual over time.

Information generated by browsing the Web site, such as which pages are visited, and how long an individual stays on each page.

Mechanisms, such as HTTP cookies, for maintaining an active connection with an individual or for automatically identifying an individual who has visited a particular site or previously accessed particular content.

Information generated from or reflecting explicit interactions with the Web site, such as queries to a search engine, or logs of account activity.

Information that allows an individual to be contacted or located in the physical world, such as a telephone number or a postal address.

Information that allows an individual to be contacted or located on the Internet, such as an e-mail address. Often, this information is independent of the specific computer used to access the network.

## Why is this information collected?

Information may be used by the Web site to complete the activity for which it was provided, whether the activity is a one-time event, such as returning results from a Web search, forwarding an e-mail message or placing an order; or a recurring event, such as providing a subscription service or allowing access to an online address book or electronic wallet.

Information may be used for the technical support of the Web site and its computer system. For example, to process computer account information, to secure and maintain the site, or to verify Web site activity by the site or its agents.

Information may be used to enhance, evaluate, or otherwise review the Web site, service, product, or market.

## Who has access to this information?

This Web site, entities for whom it is acting as an agent, and/or entities acting as its agent. An agent in this instance is defined as a third party that processes data only for the completion of the stated purpose, such as a shipping firm or printing service.

## How long is the information retained?

Information is retained for an indeterminate period of time.

## Do users have access to their information collected by the Web site?

All personally identifiable information.

## Did you know?

**Morrilton** – _Morrilton, AR_ : This park is large and accessible to anyone, no matter their residence. Petit Jean's diverse features can be enjoyed by beginning adventurers as well as those well adapted to the outdoors. [Learn More ... ](http://www.arkansas.com/attractions/attr_detail/r/River+Valley/id/22266/lr/ "Learn more about: Petit Jean State Park")
