> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the typography.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180507005959id_/https%3A//www.typography.com/home/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Hoefler & Co.

The Hoefler Type Foundry, Inc. d/b/a Hoefler & Co. (“H&Co” “us” or “we”) recognizes and respects the privacy of users of the typography.com website (the “Website”). This Privacy Policy sets forth the information collection, use, storage, and disclosure practices applicable to the Website. By using our Website, or registering with us, you are confirming that you have read, understand, and agree to the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with our Privacy Policy, please do not use our Website.

We reserve the right to modify and update the Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post notice of any such modifications on the Website. You can review our most recent Privacy Policy. If you use the Website after any such modification or update to the Privacy Policy, you consent to those modifications or updates. Modifications will not be applied retroactively.

**Personal Information Collected.** If you register with us, we will collect your first and last name and your email address. If you choose to purchase H&Co Products or services, we will also collect your credit card number and billing address. H&Co also offers account holders an Address Book feature, which allows users to submit and store the names, email addresses, and other contact information of the account holder, such as a work address, to enable the user to purchase H&Co products and services.

**Computer Information Collected.** Additionally, H&Co automatically collects certain non-personal computer or device-related information from visitors to the Website (and, if you are a subscriber to the Cloud.typography service, visitors to your website), including the operating system (e.g. Mac OS X, iOS, Windows 8, Android), the visitor’s IP address, and the web browser (e.g. Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer) (collectively “Computer Information”).

**Use of Information.** H&Co uses the personal information collected to respond to user requests for products, services and information, to customize the site in accordance with user preferences, to contact users pursuant to their requests and to send transactional messages pursuant to a given user’s purchases and subscriptions (including invoices). H&Co uses the Computer Information it collects to analyze and improve the Website and the products and services offered therein, and to provide the Cloud.typography service. If you are a Cloud.typography subscriber, H&Co retains the Computer Information of your site’s visitors in order to provide the Cloud.typography service, to troubleshoot issues, and to calculate applicable amounts of pageviews.

**Newsletters.** Users have the opportunity to provide their email address to H&Co in order to receive H&Co communications such as announcements of new products, and special offers. These email communications are sent in accordance with applicable laws and are provided on a strict opt-in basis. All such messages will feature unsubscribe links in the footer, and users may also unsubscribe by visiting their account page on the Website. H&Co will not feature third party advertisements of any kind on the Website, and will not send marketing communications on behalf of third parties.

**“Cookies” and Targeted Advertising.** “Cookies” (which may be HTML files, Flash files, or other technology) are text files that help store user preferences and activity. H&Co may place cookies on your computer or other device when you visit the Website. These cookies contain information about your user preferences and your experience with this Website necessary for the propagation of content and the navigation of this Website and its storefront. H&Co uses cookies to help tailor and customize the website for its users, to allow users to leave and return without logging in every time, and to enable users to use shopping carts and other e-commerce features. The use of cookies is an industry standard; many websites use them. Please note that many sections of the Website require cookies to function properly; disabling them may limit the functioning of the Website for you. If you do not wish to receive cookies, or want to be notified when they are placed, you may set your web browser to do so if your browser so permits. The only way to completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device. You may consult your browser’s or mobile device’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. More information regarding cookies and tracking technologies, as well as methods of opting-out of some tracking, may be found at http://www.allaboutcookies.org and http://www.networkadvertising.org.

We may permit certain third party advertising networks and social media platforms to collect information about our users’ browsing activities by means of cookies, clear pixels, web beacons, social plug-ins, or other tracking technology. We may permit such organizations to collect information about your use of our websites so that they may show you advertisements for our products and services on other websites and social media platforms. You can learn more about targeted advertising, its benefits and your choices by going to http://www.aboutads.info/consumers.

**Disclosure of Information.** H&Co may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to (a) protect the rights, safety, or property of H&Co or others and (b) comply with legal processes or regulatory requirements. We may also transfer your information to any affiliated business, and in the event of a merger or acquisition or asset sale, your information may be disclosed to the acquiring entity. Without your express approval, however, H&Co will not sell or rent or otherwise commercially exploit your personal information, although we may collect and/or provide aggregate statistics about our Website, products, services, and users to other parties.

**Disclosure of Information to Service Providers.** H&Co uses several third party providers, listed below, to provide the Website and the Cloud.typography service. H&Co may disclose information to these service providers in order to provide our Website and services to you. Our agreements with these service providers prohibit them from using the information H&Co provides to them for any purpose other than providing the Website and the products and services featured therein, and require them to keep that information confidential. We encourage you to review the privacy polices and information collection practices of our service providers.

  * [Akamai](http://www.akamai.com/)
  * [Amazon Web Services](http://aws.amazon.com/)
  * [Authorize.net](http://www.authorize.net/)
  * [Google Analytics](http://www.google.com/analytics)



**International Transfer.** The Website is designed for and targeted to U.S. audiences and is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. H&Co makes no representation that the Website is operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of, or governed by, other nations. If you reside outside of the U.S., please be aware that by providing us with personal information, you understand and agree that: (1) your personal information may be transferred to and stored on servers located in the United States; (2) you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by our affiliates in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and (3) the Privacy Policy and the collection of information pursuant to the Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.

**Security, Storage, Retention.** H&Co complies with industry standard practices to maintain the security of information. All financial transactions on the website are conducted via secured transmissions. All stored passwords are hashed in accordance with industry standards. However, as with most Internet sites or services, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully access such personal information despite our efforts. Information collected will not be stored longer than is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, or to otherwise meet legal requirements.

**Reviewing Your Information.** You have the right to access, update, and correct factual inaccuracies in personally identifiable information collected by H&Co, subject to certain exceptions. To do so, you should log in to your account or you may email us at privacy@typography.com. To help protect your privacy and the security of your personally identifiable information, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access.

**Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.** H&Co has no intention of collecting any personally identifiable information from individuals under 13 years of age. If a child under 13 has provided personally identifiable information (e.g., name, email address, physical address, birth date, social security number), a parent or guardian of that child should contact us. We will use reasonable efforts to delete the child’s information from our existing files.

**Links.** This Website may contain links to other websites. H&Co, however, does not control the privacy policies of those sites. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected and maintained solely by H&Co.

**California Privacy Rights and Do Not Track Notice.** California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us via the information below. At this time, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals of web browsers. If technological standards for recognition of Do Not Track signals are implemented at any point in the future, we will revisit this issue at that time. 

**Contact Us.** If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@typography.com, or using the information below:

Hoefler & Co.  
611 Broadway, Room 725  
New York, NY 10012-2608  
Tel. 212 777 6640

Last updated July 27, 2017
