> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fjsoft.at privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160629121307id_/http%3A//www.fjsoft.at/en/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FJ Software Development

**PRIVACY POLICY**  
**MYPHONEEXPLORER / WWW.FJSOFT.AT**

  
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including anonymized IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' us of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for www.fjsoft.at . If you don't wish that Google will track your visits on this website then click here to set a cookie which disables Google Analytics of this website on your current device.

We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user.

**Special terms for Software "MyPhoneExplorer"**

MyPhoneExplorer Client (the application on the Smartphone) does not connect to Internet and it does send data ONLY to MyPhoneExplorer Desktop which is installed on PC. MyPhoneExplorer Desktop does connect to the internet only in  this use-cases: 

1)  update check on application launch, no private data are transmitted  
2)  Name/Address search based on telephone number: The request gets cached for two weeks due technical reasons. Your IP-Address gets logged to prevent mis-usage, but it’s not saved permanently.

_Besides this MyPhoneExplorer does not transmit any private data to the internet._

**Special terms for Support / Privacy of Logfiles**

If you are using the forum then please remove any private data before you post the contents of the logfile. In case you send me your logfile via email then you can be sure that the logfile and private data are deleted after your problem is solved.

**Changes to our Privacy Policy**

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.   
This policy was last modified on 12th Sep. 2013

**Contacting Us**

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. 

[www.fjsoft.at](http://www.fjsoft.at/)   
[fj.wechselberger@gmx.at](mailto:fj.wechselberger@gmx.at)

Franz Josef Wechselberger  
Unterberg 150/1   
6278 Hainzenberg   
Austria 
