> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gsk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050617050824id_/http%3A//www.gsk.com/global/privacy_statement.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# GlaxoSmithKline Internet Privacy Statement

GSK respects the privacy of visitors to our online sites. GSK will only collect personally identifiable data, such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address, when it is voluntarily submitted to us at this website. GSK and/or the companies we hire will use this information to comply with your request for information or as otherwise disclosed to you at the location at which you submit your information. From time to time, we may refer to that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services. We may use that information to contact you. We will not sell or otherwise transfer the personally identifiable information you provide at this website to any third party unless otherwise disclosed to you when you submit your information.

This GSK website also uses information in aggregate form to track the total number of visitors to our site, the number of visitors to each page of our site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. No personally identifiable information is available in this process.Some GSK websites use a technology called "cookies". A cookie is a token that a server gives to your browser when you access a website. Cookies are capable of storing many types of data. Cookies help provide additional functionality to the site or to help us analyze site usage more accurately. For instance, our server may set a cookie that keeps you from having to enter a password more than once during a visit to one of our sites. In all cases in which cookies are used, the cookie will not collect personally identifiable information except with your explicit permission.

This GSK website is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect personally identifiable data from any person we know to be under the age of 13.

As a convenience to our visitors, GSK's sites currently contain links to a number of sites that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies.Any changes to this GSK Internet Privacy Statement will be promptly communicated on this page.
