> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rolepoint.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131201014605id_/http%3A//www.rolepoint.com/static/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

**RolePoint Inc - Privacy Policy**

Last Updated: August 30, 2012

  1. Overview
    1. This Privacy Policy is to explain how Personal Information (as defined below) is collected, used, and disclosed. As a guiding principal, our mission is to create a better more effective marketplace for candidates, referrers and recruiters. As such, we collect the information you provide us and make it publicly available - all in order to help you find the right job, or recruit the right candidate.
    2. By using the services provided through this site (the "Services" and "Site", respectively), you accept the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy. Each time you visit the Site or provide us information, you agree that you are consenting to our use and disclosure of the information that you provide, and consenting to receive notification (including by email), all as further described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into the Site's Terms of Use (the "Terms of Use"). If a term is capitalized and is not defined in this Privacy Policy, it shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Terms of Use.
    3. In this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information", means any and all information about you that is personally identifiable to you (e.g.: your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number) as well as other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing, and "Non-Personal Information" means information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information. Non-Personal Information does not enable identification of, or contact with, individual persons.
  2. How We Collect Information
    1. We receive and store information you directly and indirectly provide us. You may, as part of the Services, provide Personal Information, including your name, address, email address, resume, credit card number and phone number. When you create your profile on the Site, we collect categories of information relevant to your profile, including your contact information, information about your experience, education, desired salary and travel limitations. When you submit a resume to us, we collect whatever information you include in your resume. This is all part of our effort to help you find the right job or recruit the right candidate.
    2. As you use the Service, we may also passively collect certain information, including your Internet protocol address, browser type, access times, and operating system. We may also use Cookies and other similar means to collect and store information regarding the date and time of your use of the Service. This type of information is collected to make the Services more efficient."Cookies" are small pieces of information that a web site sends to your computer's hard drive while you are viewing a web site. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). Persistent Cookies can be removed using internet browser help file directions
    3. If you consider that the Services may be useful to third parties (e.g. your friends and family members), you may use our referral service. If you elect to use such service to notify a third party of the Site, we may ask you for such third party's email address or other contact information. We may automatically send such third party an invitation (by email or by others means such as social network message) inviting them to visit the Site. We may store such information statistical purposes.
    4. We may from time to time contract with partners to optimize the Service and communications. To do this, we may use web beacons, clear GIFs and Cookies provided by such partners. The information collected will allow us to learn how to improve the Services for the benefit of our users.
    5. You may join the Site directly or by logging using your account with social networking sites such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn (collectively, "SNS"). If you elect to use such SNS accounts, you will be required to enable such accounts to allow us to obtain your required Personal Information from such accounts as well as share information on your SNS account as permitted by you.
  3. How We Use Information
    1. In general, we use your Personal Information to assist you finding job opportunities or candidates, as the case may be. We also use your Personal Information to contact you and provide you information that may be useful to you, including newsletters and promotional materials. By using the Site, you agree to receive this information from us. If you do not want to receive such information, you may opt out by contacting us at [support@rolepoint.com](mailto:support@rolepoint.com)
    2. We may create from time to time Non-Personal Information from Personal Information by excluding information (such as your name and other contact information) that would personally identify you. Generally, we use this Non-Personal Information in statistical analysis to help analyze patterns in the use of its Services. From time to time, we may use and disclose Non-Personal Information.
  4. Links to Other Sites.
    1. The Site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information
  5. Disclosure of Information
    1. We may disclose candidates' Personal Information to employers who may have postings for job openings ("Employers"). We do not control the ways by which Employers use, process or further disclose information they obtain from us. In addition, we may disclose your Personal Information to third parties with whom we have a technology license agreement or other relationship . We do not own the data collected on third party support pages.
    2. We may also disclose your Personal Information: (i) if such disclosure is made to comply with applicable law or order (such as order issued by a court or an authorized administrative agency, respond to a subpoena, legal process, warrant etc); (ii) to our service providers for the purpose of providing their services such as credit card processing, information technology services, and hosting services; or (iii) as part of a merger or consolidation, or as part of the sale of stock or assets of the business to which the information pertains.
    3. Please note that when you voluntarily provide Personal Information, it may be collected and used by others. We cannot be responsible for Personal Information you voluntarily disclose or distribute.
    4. We may from time to time share part or all of your Personal Information with our affiliated entities.
  6. Access to Your Information.
    1. Your "Disclosed Profile" means your Personal Information (including your resume) that we may disclose to third parties. Your resume or other information you provide us may reveal your identity. It is for you to assure you are comfortable with the information you provide. We do not have any obligation to modify (i) potentially identifying information in your Disclosed Profile, or (ii) your resume, to remove or mask information that may identify you.
  7. Employers Use of Disclosed Profiles
    1. WE DO NOT HAVE ANY CONTROL OVER HOW AN EMPLOYER USES AND DISCLOSES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, INCLUDING INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE DIRECTLY TO THAT EMPLOYER. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT (i) WE DO NOT EVALUATE ANY EMPLOYER'S PRIVACY PRACTICES, AND (ii) WE WILL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY ACTIONS OF ANY EMPLOYER. [Terms of use](http://www.rolepoint.com/static/terms.html)
    2. Please note that Employers to whom we may disclose your Disclosed Profile may share your Disclosed Profile with others
  8. Your Information.
    1. Please note that once you have disclosed your Personal Information to third parties through the Site, in whole or in part, we can not control such Personal Information following disclosure, and can not force the deletion or modification of that Personal Information by the parties to whom it was made available.
  9. Security.
    1. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. In particular. For further information regarding the protection of your credit card information, please refer to the terms on the credit card entry page. PLEASE NOTE THAT WE DO NOT RECEIVE FROM YOU ANY INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR CREDIT CARD OR BANKING INFORMATION. Notwithstanding, we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information. YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND THE INFORMATION YOU POST OR ACCESS THROUGH THE SITE
  10. User Feedback.
    1. If you provide us feedback, any such comments become our exclusive property. We may use feedback for marketing purposes or to add to or modify the Services without any obligation, monetary or otherwise, to you.
  11. Modifications
    1. This Privacy Policy is subject to revisions from time to time. Should you object to any such modifications, you must cease using our Service and request that we delete your profile. Continued use of the Service following any such change will indicate your acknowledgement of such change and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions thereof. All such changes will apply to previously collected information. Therefore, please make sure you read this Privacy Policy regularly.
  12. Contact
    1. 1\. If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: [support@rolepoint.com](mailto:support@rolepoint.com)


