> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the straightrevshare.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170225084707id_/http%3A//www.straightrevshare.com/public/privcypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Straight Rev Share

Welcome to STRAIGHT REV SHARE (the “Website”), owned and operated by STRAIGHT REV SHARE. (“Owner”). This is our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy"), which we have created to inform you of the types of information that we collect from you and how we use it. We believe in transparency and value your privacy, and we thank you for visiting our website! We may change or discontinue this Privacy Policy at any time, and we reserve the right to do so. If we change this Privacy Policy, the Effective Date, which is located at the top of this page, will also change. If you continue to use the Website after we change the Effective Date, you agree to our changes to the Privacy Policy. What do you collect from me? We may collect the following personal information from you: 1\. Any information that you voluntarily submit to the Website; and 2\. Your user name, full legal name, and email address. We may also collect the following personally identifiable information from you: 1\. Your IP address; 2\. Your geolocation; 3\. Your use of the Website; 4\. Information stored in cookies, pixel tags, or web beacons; and 5\. Any other additional analytics data that you voluntarily submit to the Website. How do you use this information? We use this personal and personally identifiable information to: 1\. Provide you with the Website and its services; 2\. To communicate with you; 3\. To troubleshoot problems with the Website; 4\. To complete a transaction that you have initiated; 5\. To update you on changes to the Website; and 6\. To update you on our services or the services of third parties. How do you store this information? The Website stores and processes your personal and personally identifiable information on computers located within the United States. By using the Website, you agree to the collection and processing of your personal and personally identifiable information in the United States and hereby expressly waive any rights that you may have under the EU Data Protection Directive. We use commercially standard technology to help protect against the unauthorized disclosure of your personal and personally identifiable information, including encryption. Though we do our best to protect your personal and personally identifiable information, you provide all such information at your own risk. Do you share my information with third parties? The Website will only share your personal or personally identifiable information with third parties in the following situations: 1\. Where the Website has obtained your consent; 2\. Where it is necessary to provide you with services initiated at your request; 3\. Where the Website has been purchased by or has purchased a third party; 4\. Where it is needed to respond to information requests by government authorities; 5\. Where it is demanded by a court order or subpoena; 6\. Where it is needed to protect Owner; or 7\. Where it is needed to help prevent against fraud or the violation of any applicable law, statute, regulation, ordinance, or treaty. What can I do to stop the collection of my personal or personally identifiable information? You can cease the Website’s collection of your personal and personally identifiable information by adjusting your web browser settings to block or limit cookies, pixel tags, and web beacons, or by ceasing your use of the website. What are my duties when using the Website? You have the duty to inform us of any changes to your personal or personally identifiable information. Your California Privacy Rights California residents have the right to receive information that identifies any third party companies or individuals that the Website has shared your personal or personally identifiable information with in the previous calendar year, as well as a description of the categories of personal or personally identifiable information disclosed to that third party. You may obtain this information once a year and free of charge by contacting the Website at support@straightrevshare.com. How can I contact you if I have questions? All questions and concerns regarding this Privacy Policy may be directed to the Owner by emailing support@straightrevshare.com 
