> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the straighttalksim.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-08-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120826213656id_/http%3A//www.straighttalk.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

 **Please read the Straight Talk Privacy Policy.**  
Straight Talk Wireless has instituted a comprehensive set of privacy policies and procedures to ensure that its Web site visitors' privacy is never compromised. The purpose of this privacy notice is to inform our Web site visitors of the type of information that Straight Talk, or a credit card processing partner acting on its behalf, collects from the Web site, how the information is gathered, how it is utilized, how long it is retained and how visitors can restrict its use or disclosure.  
The primary focus of Straight Talk's privacy policy is to ensure that all Web site visitors' customer identification, which we term "customer identifiable information," is kept private at all times. As the term suggests, "customer identifiable information" is information which can be associated with a specific individual or entity, including, for example, a customer's name, address, or telephone number, e-mail address and information about online activities that are directly linked to them.  
The collection of customer identifiable information is a critical element in the day-to-day operation of the Web site to allow Straight Talk to maintain the highest level of customer service for all Web site visitors. It is a common practice and often a necessity for companies, governments, or other organizations to collect customer identifiable information in order to conduct business and offer services.  
Straight Talk always strives to safeguard the customer identifiable information obtained from its Web site users and visitors (collectively, "customers") from any unauthorized intrusions.  
Straight Talk may contact people on the home phone number they enter on our website, input into our automated phone system or give to an agent in case of technical difficulties, promotions and/or reminders.  
 **General**  
Straight Talk will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties any customer identifiable information derived from the registration for, or use of, a Straight Talk product or service -- including customer names and addresses -- without the consent of the customer. Straight Talk will, however, disclose customer identifiable information as required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process or in the event that such customer is engaging in unlawful use of our Web site.  
When Straight Talk uses third parties to perform services on its behalf, Straight Talk will request that such third parties protect your customer identifiable information consistently with this privacy policy. However, we cannot ensure that all of your customer identifiable information will never be disclosed, as regulatory and/or other requirements may make disclosure necessary.  
 **Collection and Use:**  
In some instances, Straight Talk may collect information that is not "customer identifiable information." Some examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of operating system you have configured on your computer, and the domain name of the Web site and/or Internet Service Provider from which you are linked to our Web site. Straight Talk primarily uses this information for market research and optimizing its systems in order to deliver the best customer experience possible.  
Straight Talk may collect and use customer identifiable information for various purposes, including but not limited to, billing purposes, to provide or change service, to anticipate and resolve problems with your service, or to inform you of products and services that better meet your needs. This means that Straight Talk may use your customer identifiable information, in conjunction with information available from other sources, to market new services that may be of interest to you, but Straight Talk will not disclose your customer identifiable information to third parties who want to market products to you.  
 **Declining e-mail offers:**  
Straight Talk will only send our customers e-mail regarding promotional offers or other news if a customer specifically grants us permission. A customer has the right to choose not to receive Straight Talk e-mail direct marketing communications by simply notifying us of their preference. This process is commonly termed opting-out or unsubscribing. At any time, a customer can unsubscribe from our e-mail list by clicking on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of every message or promotion delivered electronically to our customers. Upon such choice, Straight Talk (a) will not contact that customer directly with Straight Talk promotional messages, and (b) will not use customer identifiable information obtained from that customer's registration to contact that customer with Straight Talk product or service messages. A customer may also choose not to receive such messages by notifying Straight Talk via fax or mail.  
 **Security:**  
Straight Talk has gone to great lengths to implement technology and security features to safeguard the privacy of your customer identifiable information from unauthorized access or improper use, and Straight Talk, based on its judgment, will continue to enhance its security procedures as new technology becomes readily available. However, since there is no such thing as "perfect Internet security", Straight Talk cannot provide any guarantees of 100% security compliance.  
 **E-mail Contents:**  
Straight Talk will not read or disclose to third parties private e-mail communications that are transmitted using Straight Talk services except as required to operate the service or as otherwise authorized by law.  
 **Improper Conduct:**  
Straight Talk may also use customer identifiable information to investigate and help prevent potentially unlawful activity or activity that threatens the network or otherwise violates the customer agreement for that service.  
 **Account Information:**  
Straight Talk honors requests from customers for account information and will correct any such information, which may be inaccurate. Customers may contact Straight Talk to verify that appropriate corrections have been made.  
 **Cookies**  
When you visit our Web site, we may store information on your computer that allows us to identify you immediately. This process is often referred to as "cookie" technology. More specifically, a cookie is a commonly used Internet standard which stores, in a very small text file on the customer's hard disk, information specific to the customer. Our Web site makes limited use of cookies in an effort to improve our level of service to our Web site visitors. Cookies cannot be accessed by any other Web site other than the Web site issuing the cookie. The private features of our Web site are only accessible when cookies are enabled in the customer's browser. If a customer does not wish to utilize cookies, this feature may be disabled within the customer's Web browser. However, by disabling cookies, a customer will not have access to private areas of our Web site through that browser.  
 **Other Web sites**  
Since Straight Talk's Web site contains links to other Web sites, we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices employed by these other Web sites. It is possible that on some occasions, these third party Web sites may in fact collect personal information from our customers. We recommend that you examine the privacy policies of such third party Web sites prior to submitting any personal information, as they may differ from ours.  
In some instances, our Web site content is also featured on other Web sites with differing or non-existent privacy policies. These Web sites may collect personal information from their customers that may or may not be used in conjunction with our Web site information. Prior to supplying any personal information to any third party company linking to our Web site, please read and understand their privacy policy.  
 **Advertisements**  
Advertisements may appear on pages throughout our Web site. Some advertisements may request information directly from our customers or take our customers to Web sites that may request personal information. Straight Talk has no control over its advertisers' privacy policies, so please examine the privacy policy of any company advertising on our Web site prior to submitting any personal information.  
 **Third Party Advertising Companies**  
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous. If you would like more information about this practice and your choices, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp).   
We collect information about your activity on TracFone Web sites for a number of purposes using technologies such as cookies, Web beacons, widgets and server log files. We and our authorized TracFone advertising partners use that information, as well as other information they have or we may have, to help tailor the ads you see on our sites and to help make decisions about ads you see on other sites. To opt out of all INTERMUNDO MEDIA cookies [click here ](http://www.intermundomedia.com/privacy.php).  
To opt out of TruEffect data collection and targeting click [click here ](http://ads.tracfonewireless.com/optout.html).  
 **Surveys**  
Occasionally, we may conduct surveys on our Web site. Surveys are conducted at random and are completely voluntary to our Web site visitors. The survey may require a customer to provide customer identifiable information in exchange for the information or services provided by the survey. We may use this information in an aggregate manner to better tailor the type of services, information, and advertising that are provided on our Web site.  
 **Policy Changes**  
Straight Talk reserves the right to change its privacy policy by publishing new terms on its Web site at any time and your access and use of the Straight Talk Web site thereafter constitutes your acknowledgment and acceptance of such amended policy. This privacy policy does not create any legal right for you or any third parties.  
 **Children**  
Straight Talk Web sites are not structured to attract children under the age of 13. Straight Talk believes there is no information on its Web site, which is inappropriate or objectionable for viewing by children.  
Straight Talk does not knowingly, directly or passively, collect information from children under the age of 13. If we create offers and products that make it appropriate to collect information from children under the age of 13, we will notify you of the change in this Policy. We also will ask a parent to confirm his/her consent in advance of any collection, use or disclosure of that information. We do not collect any information that is not submitted to us. We only use personally identifiable information so that we may better understand our users' needs and send information to users regarding new services or offerings, including but not limited to any sweepstakes or other offering. We do not sell any personally identifiable information or disclose any personally identifiable information to third parties.  
Ordering online products and services from Straight Talk is limited to adults (ages 18+). However you should be aware that wireless devices and services purchased for family use may be used by minors without the knowledge of Straight Talk. If that happens, any information collected from the usage will appear to be the personal information of the actual adult subscriber and treated as such under this Policy.  
 **Questions?**  
Please direct any questions or comments regarding our privacy policy to [information@StraightTalk.com ](mailto:information@straighttalk.com).
