> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the strategy-business.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209060749id_/http%3A//www.strategy-business.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

strategy+business, Booz & Company Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, “us”, “we” or “strategy+business”) considers your privacy a high priority. This privacy statement explains what information strategy+business gathers from you through this web site, its subdomains, and mobile versions (the “Web Site”) and how we may use it. By using the Web Site you indicate your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not use or access the Web Site. If you have any questions, please contact our webmaster at info@ravencreative.com.

strategy+business obtains non-individualized, generic information about your visit to our Web Site, including your IP address, browser type and language, access time and referring web site through the use of certain technology. We also obtain non-individualized, generic information about your visit to our Web Site through the use of cookies. Cookies are small pieces of data which are sent by a web site to your web browser and are stored on your computer. The non-individualized, generic information about your visit to our Web Site is aggregated and used by Booz & Company for statistical tracking purposes. We use this information to understand general traffic patterns on our Web Site and to gauge and improve the Web Site’s effectiveness. The information is not used for individual identification and Booz & Company in no way relates your personal information to these traffic pattern statistics.

Cookies are also employed to recognize you and your related access privilege on the strategy+business website. Registrants who choose not to accept cookies from the domain “strategy-business.com” cannot access some content of the strategy+business website. When you initially register on strategy-business.com, a cookie is set that identifies you to the web site as a registered user. Every time you go to a page on the strategy+business website, the system verifies this cookie to see if you are registered. If your browser is set not to accept our cookies, the system cannot determine if you are a registered user and will not allow you full access to content. Consequently, you must accept cookies to enter and peruse this web site. If you are concerned about the use of cookies, we recommend saving your user ID and password only if your computer is in a secure area. Furthermore, users of public computers should click “Log Out” at the top center of our home page at the end of each session.

We may obtain personally identifiable information about you through our Web Site from information that you voluntarily supply. We will use this information for the purpose for which it was supplied to us. We may also use this information to offer products, programs and services that may be of interest to you. We may also combine this personally identifiable information with information obtained from technology in email and newsletters we send to you that determine whether the message in the email or newsletter has been opened and links contained within have been clicked on, to measure interest in our specific offerings and email campaigns, improve our offerings to specific target audiences and tailor our interactions with you.

We may share the personally identifiable information and aggregated information we collect from the Web Site with third parties in connection with administration of the Web Site or to make transmissions or mailings to you or in response to any legal process, such as a request by law enforcement, a court order or subpoena, or to protect the integrity of the Web Site if we believe that a user has committed unlawful or otherwise harmful acts. If strategy+business is sold, merged or is otherwise transferred to another entity, the information you have provided through the Web Site may be transferred to such entity as part of that transaction.

strategy+business may use third-party advertising companies, advertising servers and advertising networks to serve ads to you when you visit this Web Site. These companies may use information about your visits to this Web Site, personally identifiable information you provide for purposes of receiving the ad, and aggregated information we collect from this Web Site and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.

This Web Site may be accessed and viewed and personally identifiable information we collect from the Web Site may be transferred to our affiliates and third parties located throughout the world, including in countries that do not have laws regulating the use and transfer of such information. By using this Web Site you agree to transfer and hosting of your information anywhere in the world.

No information should be submitted by any user under 18 years of age. Unless otherwise disclosed during collection, strategy+business does not knowingly collect any personally identifying information about any user under 18 years of age or provide such information to any third parties or use such information for marketing or promotional purposes.

This Web Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that strategy+business is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the Web Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this Web Site.

We reserve the right to change or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time. Such changes or updates are effective immediately after we give notice of the change or update, which we may do so by revising the “Last Updated” date of this Privacy Policy or by otherwise posting the changes or updates on the Web Site or by email or conventional mail, and/or by other means that provides reasonable notice. Your use of the Web Site after such notice is posted means that you accept these changes or updates. You agree that strategy+business shall not be liable to you for any damages that might result from any changes to the Privacy Policy.

If you wish to change your strategy+business account settings, please [click here](http://www.strategy-business.com/registration/settings).

Last updated December 15, 2011.
