> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the strayer.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081219053136id_/http%3A//www.strayer.edu/strayer_privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Strayer University

Strayer Education, Inc. and its subsidiaries including Strayer University ("Strayer") hold in high regard the privacy rights of our Web site visitors. To demonstrate our commitment to user privacy, we provide the following information describing what information we collect from site visitors and how that information is used. 

  1. **Non-Personally Identifiable Information**. Strayer collects a variety of information from its Web site visitors. Some of this data is not personally identifiable and is collected automatically via the use of cookies and other standard Web technology. Automatically-collected information might include: the operating system on your computer, the type of Web browser you are using, your IP address, and the links you followed to enter and leave our site. 
  2. **Personally identifiable information**. Personally identifiable information is collected only on a voluntary basis, at the option of the Web site user. For example, you may choose to provide your name, address or telephone number in the "Contact Us" section of our website. 
  3. **Use of information**. Non-personally identifiable information is used to help us improve our site by enabling us to discover and address the needs of our site visitors. This includes making our Web site accessible to the variety of Web browsers and operating systems used to access our site. Personal information collected through the site by means of your voluntary submission, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address and other contact information, is used for the purpose of responding to your requests for information about Strayer products and services or to contact you about future products and services. Strayer does not share personal information with third parties, apart from vendors who must utilize the information to perform necessary duties (e.g. credit card authorization). 
  4. **Security of information**. Strayer uses best efforts to protect security of personal information collected through its Web sites. Financial transactions submitted through the Web site are encrypted using the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. 
  5. **User options regarding collection of information**. With regard to automatically collected information, it is standard practice for most Web sites to collect non-personally identifiable information about your Web browser, operating system, IP address and browsing history (i.e. what pages on the Strayer Web site you viewed). Web site users are unable to opt out of providing this non-personally identifiable information but please be assured that this information is collected only for Strayer internal Web site development purposes and will not be used for Strayer marketing solicitations. Any other non-personal information collected through the use of cookies, may be opted out of by disabling or rejecting cookies for our site. For more information on cookies, including how you can delete or reject cookies, please refer to your Web browser help file. Cookies help us to customize and improve your Web browsing experience with us. Disabling or rejecting cookies may impact your user experience as they are necessary to provide you with the correct geographically targeted information. With regard to personal information collected through our Web site, you may opt out of Strayer marketing solicitations at any time by contacting us through any campus manager, or emailing sli@strayer.edu with the spelling of your name, your address, and your email address.
  6. **Limitation of Liability**. The Strayer Web sites may contain links to third party Web sites. Links to these websites are provided as a convenience only and should not be interpreted as an endorsement of the linked site, its operator or contents. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by the strayeronline.net, www.strayereducation.com, www.strayer.edu, www.strayeruniversity.com, www.strayeredu.com, www.strayereducation.net, www.strayeruniversity.net, www.strayeruniversityonline.com, and www.strayeruniversityonline.net Web sites. We encourage our site visitors to review the privacy policies of each Web site they visit. 
  7. **For more information**. For further information about this privacy policy or to correct or modify any information collected through our site, please contact us at: Strayer University's Legal Department, 2121 15th Street North, Suite 300, Arlington, VA 22201. E-mail: [legal@strayer.edu](mailto:legal@strayer.edu)


