> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stratoscard.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170205104625id_/https%3A//cardlabcards.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Stratos Card | All-In-One Connected Card

Stratos Technologies, Inc. (“Stratos Technologies”) is committed to protecting your privacy. Stratos Technologies created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate that commitment and to ensure the confidence of visitors to Stratos Technologies’ Web site https://stratoscard.com (the “Site”) and users of Stratos Technologies’ Services.

This Privacy Policy describes the information that we gather from you, how we use and disclose such information, and the steps we take to protect such information. By using this Site or by agreeing to the Enrollment Terms and Conditions, you consent to our privacy practices, the transfer of this information and to Stratos Technologies’ use of such data as outlined in this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Terms of Use and, if applicable, the Enrollment Terms and Conditions. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Use or the Enrollment Terms and Conditions.

  1. Traffic Data and Automatically Collected Information. Stratos Technologies’ Site may automatically recognizes the following non-personally identifiable information when you visit the Site: (i) IP address; (ii) domain server; (iii) type of computer; and (iv) type of web browser (collectively “Traffic Data”). Traffic Data and is anonymous information that does not personally identify you, but is helpful for marketing purposes and for improving your experience on the Site. Stratos Technologies uses this information to examine its traffic in aggregate and to ensure the security of the data and our infrastructure. In addition, when you use the Site or Services, we may automatically record certain additional non-personally identifiable information from your device by using various types of technology, including “clear gifs” or “web beacons.” This “automatically collected” information may include your IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after you use the Service, the pages or other content you view or otherwise interact with on the Services, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Services. We also may use these technologies to collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message.
  2. Personal Information Collected. In order for Stratos Technologies to fully serve you and for you to fully access certain services that Stratos Technologies offers via the Site, Stratos Technologies may require you to provide it with information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”). For example, Stratos Technologies may require accurate Personal Information to, among other things, submit feedback. Personal Information may include: (i) Contact Data (such as your name, phone number, mailing and e-mail addresses); (ii) Financial Data (such as account or credit card numbers); (iii) Demographic Data (such as your zip code and affiliates). You may provide us with Personal Information in various ways. For example, you provide us with Personal Information when you apply for the Services, when we verify your identity for security purposes, when you use the Services, post user-content, make a purchase using the Services, interact with other users or providers of the Services, or send us customer service requests. We may also obtain Personal Information from third parties and sources other than through the use of the Services. If you communicate with Stratos Technologies by e-mail, post messages to any of Stratos Technologies’ chat groups, bulletin boards or forums, or otherwise complete online forms, surveys, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information. You may decline to share certain Personal Information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionalities of the Services. We may retain all Personal Information you submit for backup, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise believe we have a legitimate reason to do so. If Stratos Technologies combines or associates information from other sources with Personal Information we collect through the Services, we will treat such combined information as Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Stratos Technologies’ use of this Personal Information is set forth below.
  3. Location Information. Stratos Technologies may offer certain features as part of the Services based on your location, such as to locate the mobile device on which you have installed the application related to the Services (“App”). You will be given the opportunity to opt-in to location based services, normally through an opt-in screen on the App. If you choose to enable the location-based services, we may collect your location based on information provided by you or the mobile device, including, if available GPS, IP address or cell tower information. If you do not opt-in or chose to disable location-based services, you may not be able to utilize certain features of the Services. Even if you have not expressly granted Stratos Technologies access to location data, we may nonetheless have access to location information contained in the transaction data associated with your Card.
  4. Use of Personal Information Collected. Stratos Technologies uses the Personal Information collected to operate, maintain, enhance and provide all of the features of the Site and Services, to respond to comments and questions and provide support to our users. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, Stratos Technologies will keep your Personal Information private and will not disclose, sell, exchange or share it with third parties, without your approval, unless such disclosure is necessary to: a. Comply with the law, a court order or legal process; b. Protect Stratos Technologies’ rights or property (including but not limited to the enforcement of our agreements) or the rights, property or safety of others; c. Take precautions against liability; d. Protect Stratos Technologies and others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity; e. Investigate and defend Stratos Technologies against any third-party claims or allegations; f. Protect the integrity and security of the Services and any facilities or equipment used to make the Services available; and g. Enforce Stratos Technologies’ Enrollment Terms and Conditions. From time to time, Stratos Technologies aggregates Personal Information entered into its Site or collected through its Services in order to identify Stratos Technologies’ demographic audience (collective characteristics/behavior), understand usage trends, preferences of our users, develop new products, services, features and functionality and to measure overall interest in specific areas of the Site and specific features of Services. By aggregating the Personal Information into a form whereby Stratos Technologies can no longer personally identify you, Stratos Technologies is allowed to analyze how and where to best use its resources consistent with this Privacy Policy. Stratos Technologies may use this information for promotional purposes and may transfer this information to its affiliates for similar purposes or parties that may merge into, acquire or purchase the assets of Stratos Technologies. Information about our users, including Personal Information may be disclosed and transferred to an acquirer, or successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of Stratos Technologies’ assets.
  5. Do Not Track Notice. We may use automatic data collection technology to record other information that identifies your device and tracks your behavior on the Site. We may automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookies, and the pages you request, as well as pages you have visited of our partner and affiliate websites and the products you were interested in on that site. We may use information we collect to: (i) personalize the Services, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Site; (ii) provide customized advertisements, content, and information; (iii) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of the Services and third-party marketing activities; (iv) monitor aggregate Site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (v) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities of the Services. At the current time, we do not comply with Do Not Track settings on your browser and the Site will not treat you differently if we receive Do Not Track signals from your browser.
  6. Third Parties use of Personal Information. Stratos Technologies works with third party service providers to provide website, application development, hosting, maintenance, and other services. These third parties may have access to or process your information as part of providing those services for us. Generally we limit the information provided to these service providers to only information necessary for such third parties to perform their functions and we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information. Stratos Technologies may make certain automatically-collected, aggregated or otherwise, non-personally identifiable information available to third parties for various purposes, including: (i) compliance with various reporting obligations; (ii) for business or marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions and functionality available through the Services.
  7. Security of Personal Information. Your Personal Information is stored on secure servers that are protected from access by unauthorized third parties. However, while Stratos Technologies takes efforts to ensure the integrity and security of its network and systems, Stratos Technologies cannot absolutely guarantee that its security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” or other malfeasants from illegally obtaining this information. Commercially reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures have been employed to safeguard the security and integrity of your Personal Information. To protect the security of information exchanged with customers in the customer-specific area of the Site, customers are provided with user names and passwords to access their information. All information that is exchanged while accessing the customer specific portion of the Site and Services is encrypted.
  8. Other Limits to Your Privacy. The Site and Services may contain links to other Web sites and services provided by third parties. Stratos Technologies is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other Web sites and services. Any information you provide on third-party sites or services is provided directly to the operators of such services and is subject to those operator’s policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Service or Site. Stratos Technologies also may make chat rooms, forums, message boards and news groups available to you. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. Stratos Technologies has no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information.
  9. Right to Change Privacy Policy. Stratos Technologies reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
  10. International Visitors. The Services are hosted in the United States and are intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use the Services from the European Union or other region of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from United States laws, then please note that you are transferring your Personal Information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your data from the United States to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Services. By providing any information, including Personal Information, through the Services, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
  11. Children’s Privacy Protection. This Site is not intended for persons under the age of 18. If you are under 18 you must ask a parent for permission prior to submitting any information to this Site. Stratos Technologies takes special care to protect the privacy needs of children under the age of 13 and Stratos Technologies encourages parents to be an active participant in their child’s online activities. Stratos Technologies abides by the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and other relevant laws. The Site does not target and is not intended for children under the age of 13, and Stratos Technologies will not knowingly collect Personal Information from them. If Stratos Technologies discovers personal data from a child gathered through its Site, Stratos Technologies will eliminate that data.
  12. Contact for Privacy Inquiries. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact Stratos Technologies at support@stratoscard.com.


