> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the streetfiles.org privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081216015242id_/http%3A//streetfiles.org/page/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Streetfiles.org | Privacy Policy of Streetfiles

###  Privacy Policy 

This Privacy Policy applies to the treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that you submit or that may be gathered when you use the Streetfiles web site. 

Personal Information that may be collected includes details such as your name, email address and geographical location. 

####  Personal Information Provided by You 

We receive and store information or content you enter on the Streetfiles web site when you register for a member account, create your profile, upload photos and/or post text. Details that are collected include metadata on the photos you provide, although this generally excludes metadata from the camera (IPTC & Exif). In fact, Streetfiles deletes all camera data such as date, time and geographical information by default. 

The Personal Information you supply may be used for the following purposes: 

  * support and maintenance issues 
  * providing the Streetfiles products and services 
  * customizing the content you see 
  * responding to customer service requests 
  * market research 
  * communicating with you in regard to marketing measures 



In order to access, review or edit their registration and profile information on the Streetfiles web site, (logged in) members can visit: the ['My Home'](http://streetfiles.org/my/) page. 

#### Personal Information Collected Automatically

When you interact with the Streetfiles web site or services, we may automatically receive and store certain information which is collected indirectly.

This information is gathered via our server logs. It comes as a standard part of typical web browser page requests and includes your IP address, browser type and version, as well as which page you requested.

This data is generally only used in aggregate form as a statistical measure by Streetfiles, and not in any way that would identify you personally. The resulting statistical reports may then be passed on to Streetfiles’ partners as information on how visitors, collectively, use the Streetfiles web site. 

If your browser accepts cookies, Streetfiles may automatically collect personalised information regarding your visits to the Streetfiles web site ("Individual Usage Information") in order to enhance your specific user experience. More on Cookies can be found at [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie). 

####  To What End Personal Information is used for 

We do not disclose your individually identifiable Personal Information to anyone for profit. We will only share your Personal Information with your consent or in the following scenarios: 

When we work with other companies or individuals we may need to share your information with them to enable us to provide certain products and services for you. Streetfiles will inform you if your information is to be shared with such parties. 

Streetfiles uses 'Clicky' (http://getclicky.com/), a web analytics service supplied by Roxr, Inc. ('Roxr'), to track visitors. 'Clicky' uses 'cookies', text files placed on your computer, to help the web site analyze how you are utilising the site. Information which is generated by the cookie in regard to a visitor’s use of the web site (including your IP address) is then transmitted to and stored by Roxr on servers in the United States. Roxr utilises this information in order to analyse your use of the web site, create reports on web site activity for web site operators and supply other services relating to web site activity and internet usage. 'Roxr' may also pass this information to third parties where required to do so under law, or where such third parties process the information on 'Roxr's behalf. The use of cookies is optional and may be turned off by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however if you decide not to use cookies this might restrict your use of the web site and/or delay or affect the way in which the web site operates. By using this web site with cookies, you consent to 'Roxr' processing your data in the manner and for the purposes outlined above. 

We may release Personal Information when we have reason to believe that doing so is legally necessary, to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Streetfiles, our employees, our members, or other relevant persons. 

####  Links From Streetfiles to Other Web Sites 

The Streetfiles web site contains links to sites operated by third parties over which Streetfiles has no control or supervision. Streetfiles, its employees, agents or representatives may not be held responsible for the privacy practices of these sites. These sites may or may not have their own privacy and customer service policies. We urge you to review the privacy policies of these other sites in order to ascertain how your personal information will be dealt with by them before providing them with your personal information. 

####  Questions/Contact Information 

If you have any questions in regard to this Privacy Policy, please send an email to [hello@streetfiles.org](mailto:hello@streetfiles.org&subject=privacy%20policy). 

Berlin, the 16th of April, 2008 
