> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the streetinsider.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021209180857id_/http%3A//streetinsider.com/index.cfm%3Fmethod%3Dsite_disclaimer) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to Street Insider

StreetInsider.com provides information only. It is not meant to be a recommendation to buy or to sell securities nor an offer to buy or sell securities. The publishers of StreetInsider.com are not brokers, dealers or registered investment advisors and do not attempt or intend to influence the purchase or sale of any security. StreetInsider.com does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information displayed in any section of the web site. 

The StreetInsider.com web site and materials contained herein are not and shall not be used as part of any prospectus, offering memorandum or other disclosure attributable to any issuer of securities. No individual or entity is authorized to link the StreetInsider.com web page or material contained herein for the purpose or with effect of incorporating any such information into any disclosure to any investor or potential investor. 

StreetInsider.com is not responsible for any loss that may be incurred by any person resulting for the use of this web site or any material contained herein. The publishers of StreetInsider.com recommend that persons desiring to trade or invest in securities do so cautiously and in consultation with their financial advisors. 

StreetInsider.com Inc. reserves the right, for its officers, directors, shareholders, and agents as well as itself, to buy and/or sell securities mentioned on this web site. We are active traders and may -- but need not --buy or sell any of these securities at any time and without notice. Our buying and selling of any of these securities may influence their market prices. 

In satisfaction of the requirements of Section 17(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, our compensation is disclosed in the disclaimer for each individual security. In each case we indicate the amount of payment, source of payment and type of payment (i.e., cash or securities), and we update the disclosure to indicate payments received from time to time. We cannot guarantee and do not guarantee that all and/or any of the securities profiled here will ever increase in market value at any particular time after the profile becomes public. Any security can decrease in value at any time. 

The links on this site to other web sites are not to be construed as endorsements of those sites, their products, recommendations or contents. Links to other sites are furnished for the sole purpose of providing additional information and content for thoughtful consideration. StreetInsider.com assumes no responsibility for any loss caused by the use of any material posted on any domain linked or otherwiserelated to StreetInsider.com site. 

The Information and services contained in or made through this site may include or incorporate by reference "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including certain information with respect to plans and strategies of each featured company. For this purpose, any statements attributable to this site that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Such statements re subject to various risks, uncertainties and assumptions abou the featured companies, economic and market factors and the industries and assumptions about the featured companies do business, among other factors. Such statements are in no way guarantees of future performance or actual events. Results may differ materially from those expressed or forecasted by or concerning the featured companies due to a great many factors. 

Many microcap companies do not file reports with the SEC, making it difficult to get the facts about such a company's management, products, services and finances. Please CLICK HERE to read the SEC Publication "Microcap Stocks: A Guide for Investors" 

Never depend solely on the information contained in an Internet publication. The risk of fraudulent information exists with many Internet sites. CLICK HERE to read the SEC Publication "Internet Fraud: How to Avoid Internet Investment Scams" 

StreetInsider.com respects your privacy. This statement of our Privacy Policy explains what information we gather from you and how we use that information. We consider the information you have shared with us strictly confidential and will use that information only as specified in this Privacy Policy or to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law. 

**Information We Gather and How We Use It**   


We collect certain information from you in order to provide you with the most interesting and useful Web site possible.We use your IP address to identify you, to gather demographic information that helps us understand how you and our other customers use our Web site, and to administer our Web site. Our registration form requires you to give us contact information (like your name and email address), demographic information (like your zip code and occupation) and profile information (like your investment experience). We use your contact information to contact you about our Web site and provide you with information and promotional material from our partners and advertisers.We sometimes conduct or sponsor surveys and contests on our Web site. If you elect to participate, we may ask you for contact, demographic and other information as part of these offerings. We would use this information to analyze and report on the results of surveys, to provide you with the results of the surveys and contests, and to send you information about our company and promotional material from our partners and advertisers. Participation in surveys and contests is completely voluntary.From time to time we may supplement information that you provide to us with information received from third parties. 

**Information We May Disclose**   
We do not sell, trade or rent your personal contact information to anyone.We share demographic, profile and other general information about you and our other customers with our advertisers on an aggregate basis. This means that we tell our advertisers general information about the characteristics of our customer base such as how many female visitors and registered users we have within a certain postal code, but we do not specifically identify a particular female visitor or provide her contact information to our advertisers.Our advertisers may ask us to mail or e-mail you promotional information tailored to your interests. We will send you this information on behalf of our advertisers. Our advertisers will not be given your contact information. From time to time we may use third parties (pursuant to a confidentiality agreement) to assist us in e-mail broadcasts and list management. You may opt-out of receiving these mailings as explained below under the heading "Your Options."We may disclose your contact information or other specific information about you to third parties in conjunction with contests or new service offerings that you elect to participate in, but we will specifically describe with whom we will be sharing the information at the time we gather the information.We may release your contact and other information to third parties when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) cooperate with state and federal regulatory agency investigations, (iii) comply with the terms of the Subscriber Agreements with Nasdaq and the New York Stock Exchange, (iv) enforce the terms of our User Agreement or License Agreement, or (v) protect the rights of StreetInsider.com or others. 

**Cookies**   
Our Web site uses "cookies" which deposit certain record keeping information in your hard drive. We use cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, keep track of your preferences, deliver content specific to your interests, make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly, and for other similar purposes. These cookies can't read other data from your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites or applications.Our Web site contains display ads sold by us or by outside advertising agencies. These ads may contain cookies which will be deposited in your hard drive if you click on the ads. Information generated from cookies deposited on your hard drive by our advertisers is collected by our advertisers and we do not have access to this information.Most browsers are set to accept cookies unless you reconfigure your browser to refuse them or to notify you when you will have received one. If you do not accept cookies, you will not be able to use certain features of our site. 

**Subscriptions and Purchases**   
You may subscribe for a fee to certain services through our Web site. If you subscribe for services which require payment of a fee, we will need your contact information and certain financial information such as your credit card number. Any financial information we collect will be used solely to bill you for the services. 

**Security**   
Out Web site has certain security measures in place in effort to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. 

**Links to Other Web Sites**   
Our Web site contains links to other sites. StreetInsider.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. You may wish to review the privacy policies of these sites. 
