> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the streaming-porn.org privacy policy that was archived on 2016-01-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160114090458id_/http%3A//www.streaming-porn.org/static/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Streaming-Porn.org - Free Streaming Porn Videos, Sex Movies, Adult Clips

**Privacy Policy**

Streaming-Porn respects your privacy. This policy explains how Streaming-Porn will treat information that it may obtain from you as you make use of the Streaming-Porn.com site. The owners and operators of Streaming-Porn.com ("Streaming-Porn") provide the Streaming-Porn.com site, the Streaming-Porn Blog, Streaming-Porn Radio, and all services provided through them (the "Service") subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. By using the Service, you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy may change from time to time, without notice other than appearing on the Streaming-Porn website. Your continued use of the Service constitutes your agreement to all revisions to the TOS. The Streaming-Porn Service and Third Party Sites 

This Privacy Policy applies solely to the Streaming-Porn Service. The Service may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Streaming-Porn. Streaming-Porn has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party website. You agree that you are responsible for reviewing and understanding the privacy policies (if any) of any third party websites you may access through this Service. By using this Service, you release Streaming-Porn from any and all liability arising from your use of any third party website to which a link may be provided. Information Collected by this Service 

When you use the Service, we may collect passive information about your visit. Passive information is any form of aggregate data, navigational data, tracking data, click-stream data, or historical data. It may include the domain name of your internet service provider (e.g., whether you logged on from aol.com or whitehouse.gov), referral data (e.g., the address of the last URL you visited prior to clicking through to the Streaming-Porn website) and browser and platform type (e.g., a Firefox browser on a Macintosh platform). We use this information to track how users are accessing and using the Service. In addition, when you use the Service we generally collect the IP Address of the computer you are using to access it. (An IP, or "Internet Protocol," address is a unique number associated with your computer, that may be communicated to other computers and servers when you use the Internet.) We use this information for purposes of security and anti-fraud protection. Streaming-Porn also uses cookies and/or web beacons. (A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive, and that may be accessed when you use a website or other online service. A web beacon is a small, transparent graphic image placed on a website, which allows the site to record the actions of a visitor opening the page that contains the beacon.) We may use cookies or web beacons to: (1) determine whether users of the Service are unique, or whether the same user is using the Service on multiple occasions; (2) help deliver advertisements; (3) track usage throughout various components of the Streaming-Porn website and the Service (e.g., tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within the Service, etc.); (4) store your agreement to the terms and conditions for entering and using the Service; (5) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc. 

These kinds of information do not, on their own, personally identify you. However, they can potentially be combined with information obtained from other sources in order to identify you. Streaming-Porn does not ordinarily seek or obtain personally identifying information about users from others. It does reserve the right to seek such information in the event of a violation of the Streaming-Porn Terms of Service, in the event of a dispute between Streaming-Porn and you, or if required by law to do so. Content You Submit Streaming-Porn to or Communicate Using the Service 

In the process of posting User Content, you may be asked to provide some personally identifying information, such as your name, address, e-mail address, a password, and other documentation. You may also be asked to provide such information in order to use certain features of the Service, including but not limited certain features of the Streaming-Porn blog available only to registered users. We will keep a record of the information you provide, including your personally identifiable information. That information may be linked in our records to other information you provide, including User Content. We will not publically post your name or other personally identifying information, and we will not provide such information to our advertisers or business partners without your permission. However, some of the information you provide in registering for and using the Streaming-Porn Community feature will be displayed to other members of the Streaming-Porn Community, and may become public. In addition, we may disclose the personally identifying information and documentation you provide in some limited circumstances, as set forth below ("Permitted Disclosures of Personal Information"). Use of Visitor Information Collected by the Service 

We do not share personally identifiable information about users of the Service in the ordinary operation of the Service, unless you have included such information in User Content that you submit or communicate using the Service, such as through the Streaming-Porn Community feature. We may obtain and merge information about users and usage of the Service into aggregated data, which may then be used by us and/or shared with advertisers or others. When we provide aggregated information to outside companies, they will not be able to identify you or contact you based on that data. Usage Information - Collection and Use by Advertisers and Others 

Streaming-Porn allows other companies to display advertisements using the Service. These companies use technology to deliver advertisements you see using the Service directly to your browser. In doing so, they may automatically receive your IP address. Other companies that place advertising using the Service may have the ability to use cookies and/or web beacons to collect information, including information about your usage of the Service. We do not control the processes that advertisers use to collect information. However, IP addresses, cookies and web beacons alone generally cannot be used to identify individuals, only machines. Therefore, advertisers and others whose advertisements or content may be provided through the Service generally will not know who you are unless you provide additional information to them, by responding to an advertisement, by entering into an agreement with them, or by some other means. **Children's Privacy**

We do not knowingly allow children to use the Service, and all users of the Service must confirm that they are at least 21 years old. We do not collect or maintain information from those we actually know are under 21, and no part of our Service is designed to attract anyone under 21. If we become aware that anyone under the age of 21 is using the Service, their access to the Service will be terminated. Permitted Disclosures of Personal Information 

Streaming-Porn generally does not collect personally identifiable information (data such as your name, email address, password, and the content of your communications) unless you submit or communicate User Content through the Service, or register with us in order to use certain features of the Service. Streaming-Porn will not disclose any personally identifiable information it collects or obtains except: (1) as described in the Streaming-Porn Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy; (2) after obtaining your permission to a specific use or disclosure; (3) if Streaming-Porn is required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request (such as a court order, search warrant, subpoena, civil discovery request, or statutory requirement); (4) as required to protect Streaming-Porn's property, safety, or operations, or the property or safety of others; or (5) as otherwise required by law. Security 

Some components of the Service may use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of information that is transmitted through the Service. However, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit, and you do so at your own risk. Questions or Concerns 
