> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the streamskill.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111007223110id_/http%3A//www.streamskill.com/drupal/%3Fq%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Streamskill.com

Privacy Policy

The following policy sets forth how JobFindGuide collects, uses and discloses the information about users and members and their authorized representatives (“Members”) that JobFindGuide collects on this website (“Member Information”). This policy applies to [www.JobFindGuide.com](http://www.jobfindguide.com/ "www.JobFindGuide.com") and any websites related to operation of the JobFindGuide Services (“Services”). By using or accessing JobFindGuide’s website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collected. During the Member registration, JobFindGuide collects identifiable information, including, but not limited to, name, email address, phone number, your address, and any other personal or preference information, JobFindGuide reasonably requires in order to provide access to JobFindGuide’s products and services to its Members. Members who use the JobFindGuide Services select or are assigned user names and passwords, all of which are used to identify the Members when they are using JobFindGuide Services. JobFindGuide does not collect names, postal or email addresses, and phone numbers of non-Member visitors to JobFindGuide's Web site, except to complete pending registration applications, to provide access to product demonstrations, or to respond to inquiries regarding the JobFindGuide Services. JobFindGuide also collects information necessary to facilitate sending and tracking electronic mail outs for its Members. JobFindGuide may retain copies of any communications JobFindGuide sends to or receives from Members and other visitors to our site for our records, but may not use any such information except in accordance with the terms hereof.  
Members may not post content on the JobFindGuide website(s).  
JobFindGuide’s web server collects and saves the default information customarily logged by World-Wide Web server software. Specifically, for each http request received, the date and time, the originating IP address, the object requested, and the completion status of the request is collected and saved.  
Use of Collected Information. JobFindGuide utilizes the information submitted by prospective Members to authenticate and verify the identity of such prospective Members who may be communicating with JobFindGuide. JobFindGuide will use the information it collects during the registration process, and other information it collects while authenticating the identity of prospective Members to evaluate the Member's application for use of the JobFindGuide Services and to conduct security and monitoring. J obFindGuide uses information it collects from Members, including but not limited to the Client Email List, in connection the completion of all mailings on behalf of the Members. JobFindGuide may use such information to operate, maintain and enhance the JobFindGuide Services and other services offered by JobFindGuide and its partners. JobFindGuide also uses Member information to monitor compliance with the rules and policies of the JobFindGuide Services. JobFindGuide compiles and analyzes its Members’ information into aggregated research reports. Except as may be otherwise agreed in a separate agreement between JobFindGuide and any Member, JobFindGuide may share this aggregated data with its business partners.

Member access, update or deletion of information collected by JobFindGuide. Upon written request, JobFindGuide will provide to Member a summary of any Member Information retained by JobFindGuide regarding the Member. Members have a responsibility to keep certain information current. Members may correct, change or update the Member Information, Client Email Lists and information about their authorized representatives through the use of the Member login and password, as applicable.

Information Sharing. JobFindGuide and its authorized representatives have access to the Member Information, including the Client Email Lists. JobFindGuide shares Member Information with third parties when JobFindGuide has permission from Member or when JobFindGuide believes in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described below.  
Where a Member makes use of the communication features of the service to share information with other individuals on JobFindGuide’s website(s), (e.g., sending a personal message to another member or third party; posting content), Member is permitting JobFindGuide to share that information.    
Each Member's Mail Tracking Information will contain certain read rate, article open rate and image open rate information that JobFindGuide maintains for Members while such Member uses JobFindGuide Services. JobFindGuide may disclose Member Information when JobFindGuide has reason to believe that disclosing Member Information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the terms of use for the JobFindGuide Services or may be causing injury to or interference (either intentionally or unintentionally) with JobFindGuide rights or property, other JobFindGuide Members, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. JobFindGuide may share aggregated Member Information with any third parties. From time to time, JobFindGuide may retain the services of third-party service providers and consultants. JobFindGuide may allow these third parties to access Member Information.

Cookies. JobFindGuide’s Web site(s) may use cookies to recognize each Member as an authorized user of the JobFindGuide Services, and allow JobFindGuide to provide customized services and improve the performance and usability of our website(s). JobFindGuide may offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". Member is always free to decline our cookies if its browser permits, although in that case such Member may not be able to use certain features on JobFindGuide’s website(s).

Member choices regarding collection, use and distribution of Member Information. By accepting the terms of the terms of use for the JobFindGuide Services and becoming a Member, each Member agrees that JobFindGuide may collect certain information (as detailed in this Privacy Policy) from and about the Member to authenticate the Member and enroll the Member as a user of the JobFindGuide Services. If a prospective Member does not agree to this Privacy Policy, it may not become a Member. JobFindGuide may offer a Member during registration or, through a follow-on email, the opportunity to receive offers and information about products and services from JobFindGuide and its partners that JobFindGuide believes may be of interest to the Member. The Member will be provided a choice whether to accept or not accept this offer.  If Member accepts, JobFindGuide (or agents working on behalf of JobFindGuide) may occasionally send the Member such information.  If this offer is not accepted, then Member will not receive such information.  If Member initially accepts, Member will be provided opportunity to discontinue receiving such information each time it is sent.

Member Contact. JobFindGuide reserves the right to contact Members regarding account status and changes to the terms of use for the JobFindGuide Services, this Privacy Policy, or any other policies or agreements relevant to Members.  
Google Ads. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Joined. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

Security Precautions. JobFindGuide takes protective measures related to information security within the JobFindGuide Services to ensure the confidentiality of sensitive Member Information while stored or in use within the JobFindGuide Services. This Privacy Policy covers exchanges of information within the JobFindGuide websites and through Member mailings. The JobFindGuide sites may contain links to other sites but JobFindGuide is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. JobFindGuide encourages Members to be aware when they leave JobFindGuide’s website(s) to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by JobFindGuide.

Changes to the Privacy Policy. JobFindGuide may change this Privacy Policy at any time and will post the changes to the Privacy Policy on our Web sites. Any change to this Privacy Policy will become effective ten (10) business days after it is initially posted on the JobFindGuide Web sites unless otherwise agreed with Member in writing. Continued use of the JobFindGuide Services following such period will mean that the Member accepts such changes, which shall also bind its authorized representatives. If a Member does not agree to any such change, it must terminate its agreement with JobFindGuide and cease using JobFindGuide Services.
