> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the streamunlimited.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180812151357id_/http%3A//www.streamunlimited.com/legal/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | StreamUnlimited

**Data Collection**

Website:

We do not collect any data when you visit our website – but we are making use of 3rd party analytics tools to understand what is of interest to our website visitors and to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Data is collected automatically by these systems when you visit the website. This data is primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page. This data is collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.

The StreamUnlimited website may contain various links to third-party web sites. Third-party web sites may provide additional information, goods, services and/or promotions. These sites are owned and operated independently from us and have their own separate privacy and data collection practices. Any data you provide to these web sites will be governed under the terms of their privacy policy, if any. We have no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the independent actions or policies of these independent sites and are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites.

 _Communication:_

We collect your business contact data (such as name, company you work with, address, job function, work email, work and mobile phone numbers, etc) when you contact us and provide it to us by any means of communication (phone, email, forms, meetings).

This data is used to follow up with you on your request and may also be used by us to contact you, maintaining a communication history or sending marketing or sales information for our products, as well as invitations to meetings with us.

 **Data Sharing**

We share our customer database, and hence your business contact information, only with our fully owned subsidiaries. Business enquiries containing your contact information may be forwarded to our partners. We never share your data with any unrelated 3rd party.

 **Information Rights / Right to be forgotten**

You always have the right to request information about your stored data at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time at info@streamunlimited.com with an informal mail, also if you have further questions about privacy and data protection.

 **Data protection**

We take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential information and in accordance with the data protection regulations and this privacy policy.

Please note that data transmitted via the Internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.

 **Website Analytics and Search**

This website uses Google Analytics, a website analytics service, and Google Custom Search, an information search service for our webpage. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, who acts as the data processor.

Cookies may be used by these services. These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.

You can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. This might however impact the functionality of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl. your IP address) from being passed to Google by downloading and installing a browser plugin available at the following link: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.

For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see Google's privacy policy: <https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en>.
