> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the streamago.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161207015455id_/http%3A//www.streamago.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Streamago | Livestreaming, Live Video Selfies and Video Chat on iPhone & Android

Dear User,this Privacy Policy describes how and when Streamago Inc. collects and processes your personal data through the use of the Service and who it shares such information with. This informative notice can be read through the StreamagoApp application or on Streamago's website, at the following link http://www.streamago.com/privacy.html. When consulting this informative notice we invite you to keep in mind that, unless defined otherwise, capitalized terms shall have the same meaning as in the general terms of use of StreamagoApp, which we therefore invite you to read carefully.

  1. ## Information on the collection and processing of personal data

 **Registration and Creation of the Account** In order to use the Service, you must create your account on Streamago through the registration procedure. To do this you need to provide – also through third party services (e.g., Facebook) – personal data such as name, e-mail address, other information relating to your social graph etc.. Such data shall be used for the purposes connected to the use of the Service, and, in case of a specific authorization, also:
    * To obtain general and specific information on User's preferences;
    * To send information and commercial offers, also of third parties;
    * To send advertising and informative material;
    * For commercial communications, also interactive;
    * For direct sale activities or activities aimed at the distribution of products and services;
    * To develop studies and statistical research on sales, customers and other information, and communicate the latter to third parties if the case may be.
 **Navigation Data** The IT systems that allow the functioning of the Service automatically acquire, in their day-to-day functioning, certain personal data that are implicitly transmitted while using web communications protocols. If processed with data owned by third parties, such data may identify the users/visitors. Some examples are IP addresses and domain names of terminals used by the users/visitors which use the Service. If the User activates the geo-location feature, also data related to the location of the User shall be acquired. Such information shall be used to facilitate the use of the Service and may be collected and managed anonymously for statistical surveys. **Cookies** Like many websites and applications, also StreamagoApp uses cookies, which are small text files sent by the Server of Streamago Inc.'s website or partner to the User's browser and automatically stored on the User's computer. The main purpose of such cookies is to make the Service more accessible and we therefore suggest you instruct your browser to accept them. During the first access to Streamago's website the User shall be informed that by continuing to navigate the website he gives his consent to the use of cookies. If the User wishes to block cookies, he can instruct the browser to change the relevant setting. Please be informed that blocking cookies may impact the use of the Service. There are various types of cookies: (i) “session” cookies, mainly used to facilitate the use of the Service, which are downloaded and then deleted once the Browser is closed; (ii) “persistent” cookies which are stored on the user/visitor's hard disk until they expire; and (iii) “profiling” cookies used for purposes other than those of a technical nature, such as advertising. Persistent and profiling cookies can always be disabled (opt-out) also if they are anonymous, i.e., they do not collect personal information which could lead to the identification of the user (e.g., IP address). In this regard it should be underlined that the browser data that may be identified ( _personally identifiable information_ : PII) through cookies cannot lead back to the user and are not stored. Instead, session cookies are mainly used during the authentication, authorization and navigation stages, accessed through the registration. Furthermore, Streamago uses third party cookies and to this end invites you to consult the privacy policies of such third parties which can be accessed through the following links:
    * [Google](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/)
  2. ## Information on the purposes of data processing

The data shall be processed for the following purposes:
    1. Purposes connected, instrumental and necessary to provide the Service such as the activation and management of the Service and compliance with the obligations arising from the TOS or the law, as well as electronic processing of your personal data (including traffic data) in order to guide your preferences, so as to provide a better Service; and
    2. Additional purposes such as sending of commercial offers, advertising and informative material, through automated means (e.g., e-mail) or through traditional channels (e.g., by post or by telephone);
    3. Study and statistical research purposes.
  3. ## Processing modes

Data processing takes place through computer and internet systems and/or manually (e.g., on paper), with procedures capable of safeguarding confidentiality and for the amount of time strictly necessary in order to reach the purposes in relation to which the data was collected and, in any case, in compliance with the relevant legal provisions in force. Data processing includes the collection, recording, organization, storage, processing, modification, selection, extraction, comparison, use, interconnection, blocking, communication, deletion and destruction of data.
  4. ## Sharing of personal data

 **Public Information** Streamago is an application which allows you to share your events - by broadcasting videos live from your terminal – with your friends and fans on Facebook and with all other Streamago users. When you broadcast a video or publish a User Content, not only such videos and contents, but also the personal data contained therein shall become visible to your friends and fans and other Streamago users. **Data Controller, Data Processors and Categories of Persons in Charge** The data controller in charge of your personal data is Streamago Inc., a company with registered office in 44 Tehama Street San Francisco, California, 94105 USA.  
An updated list of Data Processors can be requested by e-mail at the following address privacy@streamago.com. Within Streamago Inc. your personal data may be processed by employees in charge of data processing, under the direct authority of the Data Processors. **Categories of third parties to whom the data may be communicated** In addition to the employees of Streamago Inc., some processing operations may also be carried out by third party entities, including companies of the Streamago Group, with office in the United States, in the territory of the European Union or elsewhere, which Streamago Inc. entrusts with certain tasks (or part of them) for the purposes mentioned under paragraph 2A of this informative notice and, if you have given your consent, for the additional purposes under paragraph 2B. Such entities, which operate independently or are appointed as data processors or person in charge of processing, mainly belong to the following categories : (a) entities which Streamago Inc. entrusts with the development and maintenance/assistance of plants end computer/tele-matic systems and links; (b) entities which Streamago Inc. entrusts with customer care, advertising, promotional and sale activities; (c) Streamago Inc.'s consultants; (d) Supervisory authorities and other public bodies authorized to request the data by law.
  5. ## Transfer of data abroad

Streamago Inc. processes user's personal data on servers located in several countries. As a consequence, it can share your information with other companies – also outside your country of residence and the territory of the European Union – which perform functions that are strictly connected and instrumental to the efficiency of the Service. Therefore, in order to use the Service you shall have to give your express consent to the transfer of your data outside the territory of the European Union.
  6. ## User's (Data subject) rights

The User has the right to oppose, in whole or in part, for lawful reasons, the processing of his personal data and can request, in accordance with applicable laws, confirmation of the existence of personal data that concern him, know of their origin, receive understandable communication thereof, receive information on the reasons, methods and purposes of the processing, request their update, their amendment, integration, request their deletion, transformation in anonymous form, the blocking of data processed in violation of the law, including those no longer necessary for the purposes in relation to which they were collected, as well as, more in general, exercise all rights recognized by applicable legal provisions.
  7. ## Amendments to the Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Therefore, we suggest the user/visitor check this document regularly.
  8. ## Consent

 **Consent to the processing for purposes instrumental to the provision of the service (2A)** While registering with Streamago, the User, having obtained the information contained in this Privacy Policy, gives his express consent to the processing of his personal data for purposes instrumental to the provision of the Service as per paragraph 2A above. _Note: the consent to the processing of personal data is necessary for the provision of the Service offered by StreamagoApp. In the absence of such consent, Streamago Inc. shall not be able to provide the Service._ **Consent to the transfer of data abroad** While registering with Streamago, the User, having obtained the information contained in this Privacy Policy, gives his express consent to the transfer of his personal data abroad, also outside the territory of the European Union. _Note: the consent to the transfer of personal data outside the territory of the European Union is necessary for the provision of the Service offered by StreamagoApp. In the absence of such consent, Streamago Inc. shall not be able to provide the Service._ **Consent to the processing for additional marketing and promotional purposes (2B)** After registering with Streamago, the User shall receive an e-mail through which he can give or withhold his consent to the processing of personal data for additional marketing and promotional purposes as per paragraph 2B above, after having read the information under this Privacy Policy. _Note: the consent to the transfer of personal data for marketing and promotional purposes is optional, and denial of such consent shall not prevent the use of the Service._


