> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the streamingwheretv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190502182632id_/http%3A//www.streamingwheretv.com/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

© 2016 StreamingWhereTV  |  [Privacy](https://web.archive.org/web/20190502182632id_/http%3A//www.streamingwheretv.com/Privacy)  |  [Terms](https://web.archive.org/web/20190502182632id_/http%3A//www.streamingwheretv.com/terms)  |  [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/web/20190502182632id_/http%3A//www.streamingwheretv.com/contact)

Privacy Policy

1\. About This Privacy Policy and The Extension 

This Privacy Policy is part of the StreamingWhereTV (the “Company,” “we,” or “us”) End User License Agreement available at http://www.StreamingWhereTV.com/Terms, and applies to all users of the StreamingWhereTV browser extension (the “Extension”) and this website (the “Website”), together with any updates or upgrades that may become available. It describes how the Company collects and uses your personal information (e.g., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name and address), and non-personally identifiable information when you use the Extension or this website. If you do not agree to all terms in this Privacy Policy, do not install or use the Extension or this website. You may disable or uninstall the Extension at any time by following the instructions provided in the End User License Agreement. 

The Extension and Website may integrate third party content (“Third Party Content”) in order to display what services are streaming certain content and search results to you. Such Third Party Content may include feeds, search results, APIs, links, information, websites, web pages, services, claims, promotions, offers, statements, data files, images, graphics, software, videos, music, photographs, sounds, or other content displayed, promoted, or otherwise made available through third parties. Such Third Party Content also may include advertising, or advertising-supported search results, which will be displayed to you if you use the search box or click on services that are streaming certain content. The Extension and Website are exclusively directed for use by adults. The Company does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us immediately at the email address in the last paragraph below. By using the Extension or Website, you are accepting and agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. 

2\. Information We Collect 

We may collect information that can personally identify you, such as your name and email address, as well as other information that does not personally identify you. Collected data may be used, supplemented, and shared with other parties for business, commercial, or marketing purposes, such as providing the Extension or Website features; improving or maintaining the Extension and Website; displaying relevant or advertising-supported content to Extension or Website users; conducting market research; evaluating the Extension’s or Website’s performance and features; and other purposes described in the Privacy Policy. 

Information You Provide. If you contact us in any manner, you may submit personal information to enable us to effectively respond to your inquiry, such as your full name, email address, telephone number, and other identifying information. Your submission of any such information is voluntary, and you may choose not to disclose any of this information when contacting us. Your user-submitted information may also include user names associated with third-party services, information or content you have permitted other parties to share with us, and any information you have made publicly available through social media or other means. We may supplement any user-submitted information with other information collected by us or obtained from other parties for business, marketing, or commercial purposes. We may supplement any user data you provide to us with other information collected by us or obtained from other parties for business, marketing, or commercial purposes. 

When Accessing or Using the Extension. When you use the Extension, several types of individual and aggregated user information may be automatically collected, stored, used, supplemented, analyzed, and shared with other parties for business, marketing, or commercial purposes. The information we automatically collect includes information about your computer and your computing environment, such as your IP address, device type, country code, unique identifier number, hardware, software, configuration, operating system information, browser, usage patterns, capability, and performance. Likewise, when you use the Extension to click on services that are streaming certain content, submit search terms, or otherwise engage with Third Party Content, the Extension automatically sends certain data to our partners’ servers in order to return the requested information to you. This data may include your search query or the term you clicked on, time of day, browser type, default language setting, IP address, unique identifier number, and a code identifying you as a user of the Extension. 

When Accessing or Using the Website. We also automatically collect certain information when you visit the Website, such as your IP address, country code, unique identifier number, hardware, software, configuration, operating system information, browser, language, access times, the content of any cookies that your browser previously accepted from us, usage patterns, number of clicks on our Website, session duration, and referrer URL. Likewise, when you use the Extension to click on services that are streaming certain content, submit search terms, or otherwise engage with Third Party Content, the Website automatically sends certain data to our partners’ servers in order to return the requested information to you. This data may include your search query or the term you clicked on, time of day, browser type, default language setting, IP address, unique identifier number, and a code identifying you as a user of the Website or Extension. 

3\. Technologies Used to Collect Your Information 

The Extension. The Extension may use Javascript, web and DOM storage data, and other tracking and data collection technologies to collect and store data about your use of the Extension. This includes your IP address, device type, country code/geolocation, unique device identifier number, hardware, software, configuration, operating system information, browser, usage patterns, capability, and performance. We may also use data collection technologies to correlate your Extension use, and any information collected through the Extension, to other personal information that we obtain from you or other parties. 

The Website. The Website may use cookies (including session cookies and persistent cookies), Adobe Flash, pixels, beacons, iFrames, JavaScript, web and DOM storage data, third party APIs, and other tracking and data collection technologies, including an anonymous unique identifier assigned to you. These technologies collect and store information about your use of the Website, such as web pages viewed, features and content you have accessed, advertisements you have seen, search queries you have run, referral URL information, links you have clicked on, and specific products, services or content you have used or viewed. We may also use these technologies (and similar tools) to correlate your Website use, and any information collected through the Website, to other personal information that we obtain from you or other parties. For example, data about your cookies, or other activities using the Website may allow us to refine the ads, offers and content provided to you through the Website to items we think you will find interesting and relevant, based on your previous online activities and preferences. 

Third Party Tracking and Data Collection. Third Party Content providers may also use cookies, pixels, beacons, and similar tracking and data collection technologies to collect user information when you use the Extension or Website. 

4\. How Collected Information Is Used and Disclosed 

We only disclose or share your non-public personal information with third parties when we believe doing so is permitted by you and/or authorized by this Privacy Policy. In addition, the Company may share such information with our parent, subsidiary or affiliate companies without restriction. Any information that we collect or receive about you may be used, shared, or supplemented for the following purposes: 

To provide and monetize the Extension or Website. In order to provide and monetize the Extension and Website, we may use and share with third parties the information we collect from and receive about users in order to provide you with customer support and respond to inquiries; to deliver content or advertising; to perform market research or measure Extension or Website usage; and to analyze traffic counts, user interests and Extension or Website performance. We may also use and share aggregated, anonymous data about the use of the Extension or Website and related activity, and such data is not subject to this Privacy Policy. 

To provide relevant content and advertising. We may use and share the information you provide to us, and information we collect about your use of the Extension or Website through tracking and other technologies, to deliver relevant advertisements, offers and content when using the Extension or Website. We may work with third party advertising networks and advertisers who help deliver these ads to you. As noted above, these third party advertising networks and advertisers may also use cookies and other technologies to collect and track user data such as demographic information, location, interests, affiliations, website usage, e-commerce, and other online activity to assist them in delivering advertising and content that is more relevant to your interests. They may also supplement data from other sources to help deliver more relevant ads. 

To allow third party service providers to assist us. We may share the information we collect from and receive about users with certain third party service providers, such as business partners, vendors, contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage the Extension or Website, or provide Extension or Website content, advertisements and other services. These services may include advertising and marketing; developing or supporting products and features; processing data or statistics; and supplementing or organizing information or data. These outside service providers are required to protect non-public personal information and not use or disclose it for unauthorized purposes. 

To contact you. We may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the Extension or Website to any email address you may have provided to us. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each promotional email or other method of notification. 

To protect our rights and the rights of our users. We may disclose any user information in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of the Company or any of its vendors, partners or affiliates, or any of their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of individuals; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with the law, subpoena or other legal process or requirement. 

To complete a merger or sale of assets. If the Company sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, the Company may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. 

5\. Disclaimers 

Third Party Content and Data Collection. The Company does not control any Third Party Content that may be displayed to you when you use the Extension or Website. We are neither affiliated with nor responsible for the privacy practices of any partners or third parties who advertise or link to any websites, products, services or offers through the Extension or Website, or who otherwise provide Third Party Content. Once you view or click on a search result, streaming provider, advertisement or link, you should carefully review the applicable privacy policy of such third party service or site. Even if a third party is affiliated with us, we do not control its content or websites, each of which may have a separate privacy policy. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each site you visit. 

Security. Unfortunately, no transmission of data over the Internet can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal information transmitted to us. Any such transmission is done at your own risk. If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please notify us of the problem, stop using the Website, and uninstall the Extension immediately. 

6\. Uninstalling The Extension 

You may disable or uninstall the Extension at any time by following the instructions provided in the End User License Agreement. 

7\. Location of Collected Data 

All user information and data may be transferred to servers located in the United States and other countries around the world. If you are a user located outside of the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States and other countries where data protection and other privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as in your jurisdiction, such as the European Union. This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above. 

8\. Modifications to This Privacy Policy 

We may modify the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time by providing notice to you and obtaining your consent to such modification. If you do not agree to any modification, you must uninstall the Extension. 

9\. How to Contact the Company 

If you have any questions or wish to contact us about this Privacy Policy, please email support@StreamingWhereTV.com This Privacy Policy was last updated February 11, 2016. 
