> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stronglifts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111006182321id_/http%3A//stronglifts.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | StrongLifts.com

**The Short Version.** I hate spam more than you, and I don't want to be part of it. That's why I'll NEVER share your email address or other personal information with anyone. All your information is 100% safe with me.

When you sign up for my newsletter, I'll send you periodical emails. Every email comes with an unsubscribe link at the bottom. If for whatever reason you want to get off my list, simply click that link, and you'll never hear from me again.

**  
The Long Version.** STRONGLIFTS BVBA only contacts individuals who requested this or that have signed up to receive its newsletters. STRONGLIFTS BVBA collects information from its users during registration. This usually includes your name and e-mail address to receive the free newsletter. You provide this information to STRONGLIFTS BVBA during your registration.

_How Do We Use This Information?_ STRONGLIFTS BVBA uses this information for internal marketing purposes only. STRONGLIFTS BVBA does not sell, exchange or release your information (name, e-mail address). STRONGLIFTS BVBA will never share your information with any other third party or company.

_Log Files._ Like any other website, STRONGLIFTS BVBA uses log files. The information inside these logs includes your IP, browser type, ISP, page viewed, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze traffic and administer our site. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. Neither will they ever be shared.

_Cookies and Web Beacons._ STRONGLIFTS BVBA uses cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record which pages users visit, customize content based on visitors browser or other info that visitors sends via their browser.

_DoubleClick DART Cookie._ Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.stronglifts.com and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting Google's privacy policy http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense, Clickbank and Amazon. These third party ad servers use technology to the ads and links that appear on www.stronglifts.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, javascript, or web beacons) may also be used by the third party ad servers to measure the effectiveness of their ads and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see. STRONGLIFTS BVBA has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third party advertisers. STRONGLIFTS BVBA's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so in your browser settings. You can find detailed information about cookie management at your browsers' website.

_How Do We Store Your Information?_ The list server that delivers the newsletters of STRONGLIFTS BVBA stores your information. And it can only be accessed by those who help manage our lists to deliver them to those who choose to receive STRONGLIFTS BVBA newsletters. Each newsletter STRONGLIFTS BVBA sends to you has an unsubscribe link at the bottom. You can remove yourself at any time from our newsletters by clicking this link. Your information will never be sold, shared or released with 3rd parties.

_Disclaimer_ This policy may be changed at any time at STRONGLIFTS BVBA's discretion. If we should update this policy, we will post the updates to this page on our Website. This policy was revised September 3rd, 2010. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, [contact Mehdi](http://stronglifts.com/contact/).
