> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ourdoggydays.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141125163316id_/http%3A//www.ourdoggydays.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Ourdoggydays.com

Welcome to HealthyNotHeavy.com, a website owned and operated by Sprazzo Media, LLC. (referred to herein as “we,” “us” or “our”). This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information. By visiting the Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

**Information You Provide To Us**

We collect information about you when you visit and interact with the Site. Some of this information is automatically collected, and some is collected when you interact with the Site. The type of information that is automatically collected can include date and time of access of the Site, the Internet protocol address of the computer that you are using, the domain and host from which you access the Internet, your browser software and operating system, and the specific activities you are engaged in while visiting the Site. We may also collect personally identifiable information (“Personally Identifiable Information”) from you on the Site, including your name, postal address and email address. When we collect Personally Identifiable Information from you, it is because you voluntarily submit the information to us in order to participate in activities like sweepstakes, contests, games, surveys, forums, chats or bulletin boards, in connection with content you submit to us or because you want us to furnish you with products, services or information. Of course, you may choose not to provide certain information to us, but if so, you may not be able to participate in certain of the activities and transactions available at the Site.

**Use and Disclosure of Information We Collect.**

None of the Personally Identifiable Information you provide to will be sold or rented to any third party. We may use any information we collect to market directly to you. We may use your email address to send updates, a newsletter or news regarding our services. You may unsubscribe from these messages by following the instructions contained within the messages or the instructions on Site. In addition, we may also share your Personally Identifiable Information with advertisers and business partners who would like to send you information about their products and services. We reserve the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect our rights or property. In the event we sell all or part of our business or make a sale or transfer of assets or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, your Personally Identifiable Information may be transferred, but remains subject to this Privacy Policy. We may from time to time make certain Personally Identifiable Information about you available to certain third parties who perform work for us. These third parties may help us process information, deliver products to you, manage and enhance customer data, provide customer service, assess your interest in our services, or conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys. As a condition to providing these services to us, these third parties agree to protect your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**Cookies**

The Site uses “cookie” and beacon technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve our services. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the Site, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and to improve our services. Most browsers automatically accept cookies. The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive new cookies or how to disable cookies altogether. However, if you reject cookies, you will not be able to participate in certain activities on the Site.

Third party advertisements displayed on the Site may also contain cookies set by Internet advertising companies or advertisers. We do not control these advertiser cookies and you should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies. You can learn more about these technologies and how to opt out at [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://cdn.ourdoggydays.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/www.networkadvertising.org "http://www.networkadvertising.org")

**Linked Sites**

The Site may contain links to other web sites. Please note that the privacy policies at these other web sites may be different from this one. You should review the privacy policy of any web site linked to our website prior to providing any information on or to that web site.

**Security**

We take all reasonable steps to protect personal information, such as keeping your account information on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card information), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and we use technology such as encryption, access control procedures, firewalls and physical security. However, you should be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any security measures on the Site. Users are strongly encouraged to also take precautions to protect their personal data by changing passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and using a secure web browser.

**Policy Toward Children**

Our services are not directed to people under the age of 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.Conditions of Use, Notices and Revisions. If you visit the Site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Service, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of California. If you have any concerns about privacy at our web site, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will attempt to resolve it.

This Privacy Policy may be updated and revised from time to time and we will post any changes to this policy. Please check our Privacy Policy periodically for changes. Use of the Site after modification implies that you consent to this Privacy Policy as modified.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: [http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp](http://cdn.ourdoggydays.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/opt_out.asp "http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp")
