> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ourwedding.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021202090233id_/http%3A//www.weddingchannel.com/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/AppLogic%2Bcom.wc.Utility.NavBarForStaticHTML%3Flocation%3D%252Ftemplates%252FShopping%252Fhtml%252FPrivacyPolicy.html%26frmSection%3Dhomeentrypage) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Customer Service

**Privacy Policy  
(WeddingChannel.com)**

WeddingChannel.com is strongly committed to your right to privacy and to taking steps designed to secure your personal and financial information. To earn your trust and confidence in our commitment, the intent of this policy is to fully disclose our privacy practices to you. We will only use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read our policy, as well as those of our partners, including [Federated Department Stores](https://web.archive.org/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/AppLogic+com.wc.Utility.NavBarForStaticHTML?GXHC_uid=2175760082&GXHC_SHAREDSESSION=DIVID=1&SUID=0&ACCOUNTID=0&COUPLEID=0&PAGEID=bride&BAG_IS_DIRTY=false&GXHC_gx_session_id_wc=3a5ce6affd09dc03&frmSection=shopping&location=%2Ftemplates%2FShopping%2Fhtml%2Fprivacypolicyfed.html), [Federated Department Stores Credit Card Programs](https://web.archive.org/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/AppLogic+com.wc.Utility.NavBarForStaticHTML?GXHC_uid=2175760082&GXHC_SHAREDSESSION=DIVID=1&SUID=0&ACCOUNTID=0&COUPLEID=0&PAGEID=bride&BAG_IS_DIRTY=false&GXHC_gx_session_id_wc=3a5ce6affd09dc03&frmSection=bloomingdales&location=%2Ftemplates%2FBloomingdales%2FHelpPages%2FPrivacyPolicyFedCard.html&storeGroup=BL), [Bride's Magazine](http://www.condenet.com/privacy.html?GXHC_uid=2175760082&GXHC_SHAREDSESSION=DIVID=1&SUID=0&ACCOUNTID=0&COUPLEID=0&PAGEID=bride&BAG_IS_DIRTY=false&GXHC_gx_session_id_wc=3a5ce6affd09dc03), and others, to understand The types of personal information we collect and how this information is used. 

**_Your Consent_**  
By using our site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy, which was last updated on October 27, 1999. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be reflected on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect and how we use it. 

As part of our Privacy Policy, we address the following: 

  * The personal information we collect
  * With whom your information is shared and how it is used
  * The choices you have about the collection and use of your information
  * Your ability to access, update or correct your information
  * The security measures we take to protect your personal information
  * Additional information about online privacy and changes to our policy



**The personal information we collect**  
_General._ WeddingChannel.com and its partners collect personal information necessary to respond to your requests for our customized products and services and to allow you to use the resources available on our website, including the creation and maintenance of a Wedding Account, a Wedding Website, a "Shopper Account" and an online bridal registry. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, name, physical address, email address, phone number, age and any other information that itself identifies or, when tied to the above information, may identify you as a specific individual. WeddingChannel.com and its partners also collect information related to your wedding, including dates and places of the rehearsal, wedding and reception, name, address and phone number of wedding guests, and information relating to your gift registry and honeymoon. WeddingChannel.com also uses order forms for you to request certain information, products and services. On such order forms, we collect your contact information, financial information (including credit card numbers) and demographic information. 

_Contests and Online Surveys._ WeddingChannel.com and its partners frequently sponsor contests to give you the opportunity to win great prizes. Your participation in these contests is entirely optional. Information we collect for such contests can include contact information and demographic information. WeddingChannel.com also values the opinions and comments from all of our users, so we frequently conduct surveys online, via e-mail, or by telephone. Your participation in these surveys is entirely optional. Information we collect in online surveys will include general information on the use of our site and other demographic information, such as age and income bracket. Survey participants are anonymous unless otherwise stated in the survey. 

_Cookies._ "Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies in several ways (and thousands of other sites are currently using them too!). Cookie files are used to better understand how you go through our website so that we may tailor your experience at our website. Cookies are also used to tell us whether you have visited our website previously, and to help us determine whether you came to our website from a particular Internet link or banner advertisement. Cookies can also be used to help you to save and retrieve passwords and other information and preferences you use on our website, saving you from having to re-enter this information upon every visit to our website. Cookies cannot and will not be used by us to retrieve any personal information about you from your computer that you have not previously and voluntarily provided to us. However, cookies may also be received when you link to our partners’ sites or when you click on banner advertisements served by our outside advertising company and we do not have control over how they use this information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. However, most of our features will not function if you do not accept cookies. For more information on cookies, see 

[Cookies](https://web.archive.org/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/AppLogic+com.wc.Utility.NavBarForStaticHtml?GXHC_uid=2175760082&GXHC_SHAREDSESSION=DIVID=1&SUID=0&ACCOUNTID=0&COUPLEID=0&PAGEID=bride&BAG_IS_DIRTY=false&GXHC_gx_session_id_wc=3a5ce6affd09dc03&frmSection=planning&location=%2Ftemplates%2FAboutUs%2Farticle_1310.html). 

_IP Addresses._ When you connect to our website, we record your IP addresses and information on the type of operating system (e.g. Windows98) and browser software(e.g. Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape) you are using. This helps us to diagnose problems with our servers and for system administration. Your IP address is also used to help gather aggregated demographic information. 

_Chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups._ We make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to you. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Please see [Terms and Conditions of Use](https://web.archive.org/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/AppLogic+com.wc.Utility.NavBarForStaticHTML?GXHC_uid=2175760082&GXHC_SHAREDSESSION=DIVID=1&SUID=0&ACCOUNTID=0&COUPLEID=0&PAGEID=bride&BAG_IS_DIRTY=false&GXHC_gx_session_id_wc=3a5ce6affd09dc03&frmSection=customerservice&location=%2Ftemplates%2FShopping%2Fhtml%2FTermsAndConditionsOfUse.html). 

**With whom your information is shared and how it is used**

When you provide information to WeddingChannel.com, the information is stored in our and some of our partners’ databases, such information is used by WeddingChannel.com in accordance with this Privacy Policy and by our partners in accordance with their policies. Information we collect is used to tailor your experience at our site (including the creation of an online bridal registry), to show you content that we think you might be interested in, and to display the content according to your preferences. We also use such personal information to send you information and promotional materials on us and some of our partners. Your contact information may also be used if it becomes necessary to contact you. 

To allow you to use some of our features (including online bridal registry, online shopping and travel planning), information we collect will be shared with our partners. Information collected by us and our partners (for example, when you link to their sites or call a phone number provided by us) will also be shared with third parties, such as product suppliers, airlines, car rental agencies, and travel agencies to ensure the successful fulfillment of your product orders or travel arrangements. In addition, when you use a credit card to purchase goods and services through our website, your encrypted credit card information will be sent to our retail partners that provide registry and shopping services or to CyberSource (an online credit card payment processor used by many restaurants and stores) to authorize your payment. Although this Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices or policies of any such other entities, we intend to require that all of our partners agree not to use your personal information, except as fully disclosed to you or authorized by you. For more information on the privacy practices of our partners, including Federated Department Stores, Bride’s Magazine and others, we encourage you to read their privacy policies. 

Any information we collect may be shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis. In addition, we may from time to time hire a third party to act on our behalf for projects such as market research surveys and contest entry processing, and we will provide information to these third parties specifically for use in connection with these projects. Survey and contest participation is entirely optional. The information we provide to such third parties will be protected by a confidentiality agreement that will obligate the third party to use such information solely to complete the specific project. 

In addition to the circumstances described above, we may disclose your information if required to do so by law, court order, as requested by other government or law enforcement authorities, or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable, including (without limitation) when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities. 

**The choices you have about the collection and use of your information**  
As a user, customer, or contest entrant you will occasionally receive e-mail updates from us about important functionality changes, special offers from us and our partners, new WeddingChannel.com services and other noteworthy news items about us and our partners. We hope you will find these updates interesting and informative. Of course, if you would rather not receive them, just let us know by replying to one of the e-mails with "Remove” in the body of the e-mail or let our partners know by following their instructions. Our site also provides you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information from you. In other words, if you don't want us or our partners to send you e-mails about our or their business, just let us know. WeddingChannel.com reserves the right to limit registration to those who will accept emails and to those who will provide the requested information. 

WeddingChannel.com provides you with the ability to receive e-mail subscriptions to various services we provide. If you elect to receive such e-mail subscriptions, you can opt-out of receiving future e-mails by logging in to your account and following the appropriate links. 

**Your ability to access, update or correct your information**  
At any time, you can view and/or update all of the information contained in your Wedding Account, Guest Account or Wedding Website by logging in to your account and following the appropriate links. Your account log-in can be easily accessed by visiting our home page at [www.weddingchannel.com](http://www.weddingchannel.com/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/AppLogic+com.wc.Utility.NavBarForStaticHTML?GXHC_uid=2175760082&GXHC_SHAREDSESSION=DIVID=1&SUID=0&ACCOUNTID=0&COUPLEID=0&PAGEID=bride&BAG_IS_DIRTY=false&GXHC_gx_session_id_wc=3a5ce6affd09dc03&frmSection=home&location=bridehome.html). However, even if you delete or change some personal information in our registration database, it may still be stored on our, or other third party, databases (including those kept for archival purposes). 

**The security measures we take to protect your personal information**  
All order information you provide to us and all information contained in your "Shopper Account" is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a widely used coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt or scramble data before you send it to us. Transactions will not be permitted if your browser does not accept SSL encryption. Only authorized personnel from WeddingChannel.com or its partners can decode this information and such personnel will only do so in accordance with our or their Privacy Policy. In addition, to attempt to deter the theft of credit card numbers and other personal information residing in our system, we and our retail partners have installed secure "firewalls" and/or have implemented other security measures to help protect our systems against "hacker" break-ins. Additionally, all credit card numbers are encrypted in our system until either the customer or WeddingChannel.com requires the information. 

In addition, when you register for certain online bridal registries or other Wedding Website features, you will have the opportunity (depending on which partner you are registering with) to select whether you wish to make your online registry available to your guests via a password. If you do not elect to make your bridal registry or other Wedding Website features available only via password (or if you create a registry with a partner that does not provide this option), anyone visiting our website will be able to search for your registry or other Wedding Website features by using first and/or last names and wedding dates (and on some pages, city or state). 

**Additional information about online privacy and changes to our policy**  
Please be aware that on our site we have advertisements and links to other websites that may collect personal information about you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices or policies of such websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all such sites, as their policies may be materially different from our Privacy Policy. Any material changes in the way we use personal information will be described in future versions of this Privacy Policy. Of course, you may always submit concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or our privacy practices to our Customer Service Center at [CustomerService@weddingchannel.com](mailto:CustomerService@weddingchannel.com?GXHC_uid=2175760082&GXHC_SHAREDSESSION=DIVID=1&SUID=0&ACCOUNTID=0&COUPLEID=0&PAGEID=bride&BAG_IS_DIRTY=false&GXHC_gx_session_id_wc=3a5ce6affd09dc03). Please reference the Privacy Policy in your subject line. We will attempt to respond to all reasonable concerns or inquiries within five business days of receipt. 
