> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the esf.edu.hk privacy policy that was archived on 2006-09-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060901225737id_/http%3A//www.esf.edu.hk/download/ESF_Personal%2520Data%2520_Privacy_%2520Policy.pdf) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PDF created with FinePrint pdfFactory trial version http://www.pdffactory.com

                                        PERSONAL DATA (PRIVACY) POLICY
          General Statement
          We pledge to meet fully, and where possible exceed, internationally recognized standards of personal
          privacy protection, in complying with the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance. In doing so, we will
          ensure compliance by our staff with the strictest standards of security and confidentiality.
          Definition
          The ESF Personal Data (Privacy) Policy is formulated to protect the privacy of all data subjects, i.e.
          employees (current and past), pupils and their parents and job applicants in respect of their personal
          data.
          A secondary objective of this policy is to develop internal codes of practice to ensure that the
          conditions prescribed by the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance are met.
          Personal Data Handling
          Any person who controls the collection, holding, processing and use of personal data (data user) is
          subject to the Ordinance.
          They should treat all personal data, in whatever form it is recorded, as confidential and take all
          reasonal practical steps to ensure adequate security control for the effective use of the personal data
          according to the following data protection principles:
          •   make the purpose(s) clear when collecting personal information; a Personal Information
              Collection Statement (Appendix A) should be printed on all data collectin forms.
          •   use the personal data only for the purposes for which it was to be used at the time of collection,
              or for a directly related purpose;
          •   strive to keep personal data accurate and up-to-date;
          •   lock any personal data kept on paper, tape or disks in a secure location after use;
          •   comply with the ESF data protection policies and practices when disclosing personal data;
          •   do not allow anyone inside or outside the organization access to personal data without the
              prescribed consent of the data subject; and
          •   destroy any personal data which is no longer required for the purposes for which it is
              collected/used.
PDF created with FinePrint pdfFactory trial version http://www.pdffactory.com


                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 4
          Rights of the Data Subject
          All ESF employees, pupils, their parents, and job applicants have the right to:
          •   obtain a copy of the personal data1 relating to him/her held by the ESF;
          •   require the data user to correct any data relating to him/her which is inaccurate;
          •   obtain the ESF data protection policies and practices in relation to data and be informed of the
              kind of personal data held by the ESF; and
          •   be asked for consent before his/her personal data is used for a purpose other than the purposes for
              which it was collected or directly related purposes.
          All requests for access to data, or correction of data must be made in writing in either English or
          Chinese and be addressed to the Personal Data Privacy Officer (Mrs Joyce Yeung, Assistant HR
          Manager at 43B Stubbs Road, Hong Kong).
          Operational Procedures
          1. Upon receipt of a written data access/correction request from a data subject, the Personal Data
              Privacy Officer will comply with the request within 40 days of receiving the request.
          2. The Personal Data Privacy Officer will reject any data access/correction request if:
              a)   the request is not made in writing;
              b)   the data subject cannot provide sufficient information to locate the data being requested;
              c)   the request involves data relating to staff planning;
              d)   the request involves a personal reference or data generated by certain evaluative processes
                   (including a recruitment/promotion/transfer/removal exercise) prior to a decision being made;
                   and/or
              e) the request follows two or more similar requests made by the data subject or an authorized
                   person on his/her behalf.
          3. If a data/access correction request is to be rejected, the Personal Data Privacy Officer will give
              reasons in writing to the person making the request within 40 days of receiving the written
              request.
          4. The Personal Data Privacy Officer will keep and maintain a log book of requests and refusals
              which will be kept for at least four years.
          5. ESF will levy an administration charge for the processing of any data access requested.
          1
              For information on file before 20 December 1996, access will be made available from 3 August 2002; for
              information on file after 20 December 1996, immediate access is available.
PDF created with FinePrint pdfFactory trial version http://www.pdffactory.com


                                                                                                          Page 3 of 4
          Collection, Holding and Use of Identity Card Numbers/Personal Identifiers and Copy of
          Identity Card
          The ESF Personal Data (Privacy) Policy also applies certain restrictions on the collection, holding
          and use of identity card numbers/personal identifiers and copies of identity cards:
          •   A data user should not collect identity card numbers except:
              i. where required or specifically empowered to do so by a statutory provision;
                  and
              ii. as a condition for allowing the holder of the identity card access to premises where the
                  monitoring of the activities of the holder on the gaining of such access is not practicable.
          •   A data user shall only use an identity card number for the purpose for which it was collected.
          •   A data user shall not collect an identity card number except by means of the physical production
              of the identity card/or copy of it in person by the individual.
          •   A data user must take all reasonably practicable steps to erase the record of an identity card
              number when its requirement to identify or to attribute personal data to the holder of the identity
              card has been fulfilled.
          •   A data user shall take all reasonably practicable steps to ensure that an identity card number and
              the name of the holder are not displayed together publicly and not made visible or accessible
              together to any person.
          Restrictions on the collection and use of identity card copy are similar to that of identity card
          numbers.
          As a security safeguard, except where it is required or permitted by law to the contrary, a data user
          shall not keep a copy of an identity card unless it is marked clearly and permanently across the entire
          image of the identity card with the word “copy” or the Chinese equivalent. A copy of the identity
          card shall be kept under reasonably secure conditions with access restricted to individuals who need
          to carry out activities related to permitted use of the copy.
          Communicating, Monitoring and Implementing the Policy
          The HR Director, with the assistance of the Personal Data Privacy Officer is responsible for
          communicating, monitoring and implementing the policy across the Foundation.
          On-line Information
          The Foundation will incorporate Personal Information Collection Statement and Privacy Policy
          Statements into all its on-line data collection.
          JY/ap/22 October 2001
PDF created with FinePrint pdfFactory trial version http://www.pdffactory.com


                                                                                                                           Page 4 of 4
                                                                                                                        (Appendix A)
          Personal Information Collection Statement
          Job Application Form –
          1.      It is necessary for users to provide the English Schools Foundation with data in connection to their application
                  for, or continuing employment with the Foundation.
              2. Failure to provide such data may result in the Foundation being unable to or continue to process your
              application.
          3.      The Foundation will treat the data provided by you strictly confidential. The Foundation may provide such data
                  to the relevant School for the administrative and academic purposes. The Foundation will not disclose any
                  personal information provided by you to any external bodies or organisations unless you have been informed or
                  it is required to do so by law.
          4.      You can submit a signed request to Personal Data Privacy Officer to request access to or correction of personal
                  data held by the Foundation about you. The Foundation may levy a charge for accessing the information.
          Application for Admission to ESF Schools Form
          1.       The information provided will be used for the purposes of:
                   i.)       processing your application for admission; and,
                   ii)       school administration after admission.
              2.   The data held by us will be kept confidential. In some schools where there are Parent Teacher Associations, we
              may provide such information to the relevant PTA for inclusion in the PTA directory. If you do not wish your
              details to be included in the PTA director, please write to the school separately so that your wish can be complied
              with.
          3.       You have the right to obtain access to and to request correction of any personal information concerning you and
                   your child held by the ESF. Requests for such access should be in writing and made to the principal of your
                   child’s school.
          JY/ap/22 October 2001
PDF created with FinePrint pdfFactory trial version http://www.pdffactory.com
