> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hotbot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-06-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010604062002id_/http%3A//www.thestreet.com/tsc/about/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TheStreet.com

|  |  **Last revised: November 29, 2000** TheStreet.com, Inc. shares your concern about the protection of your personal information online. This is our policy regarding the privacy of information we collect on _TheStreet.com_ , _RealMoney.com_ and _ipoPros.com_ web sites. We recently revised our policy. Please take a moment to review the new version below. TheStreet.com, Inc. gathers two types of data about users: (a) personal information that individual users provide through registration as subscribers to one of our subscription sites, _RealMoney.com_ and _ipoPros.com_ , and voluntarily at certain other points; and (b) tracking information, which is automatically collected about every visitor to the sites, both subscribers and nonsubscribers. **Personal Information**  
Personal information is gathered in several ways. First, when a user registers for a free-trial subscription to _RealMoney_ or _ipoPros_ , he or she is required to provide his or her name and email address, and to select a login name and password. Then, if a free-trial subscriber decides to upgrade to a paid subscription, in addition to the foregoing information, a credit card (number, type and expiration date) and billing address are needed to process the transaction. At their option, subscribers may provide us with their home and/or business telephone numbers as well. Although all of this information is generally entered into fields on a secure area of the site, Subscribers who prefer to do so can talk offline to a customer service representative, provide the required information over the telephone, and receive an invoice in the mail. In addition to registration for subscriptions, you may be required to enter personal information at other times, including (but not limited to) when you enter a contest on one of our sites or when you purchase _TheStreet.com_ gear at the TSC Store. If you contact _TheStreet.com_ , we may keep a record of that correspondence. Wherever we collect personal information, we will make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page. 

  * **Email Updates**  
Subscribers to _RealMoney.com_ and _ipoPros.com_ automatically receive various email updates and bulletins that we send out on a daily or weekly basis containing selected stories and market information, together with some advertisements and hyperlinks to our sites. Any _RealMoney_ subscriber who wishes to be removed from the mailing lists of one or more of these updates can do so at any time by visiting the _RealMoney_ Email Bulletin Preferences [page](http://www.thestreet.com/p/upc/bulletin.jhtml) or by emailing customer service at [members@realmoney.com](mailto:members@realmoney.com) or calling them at (800) 562-9571. TheStreet.com uses a reputable third party to deliver the emails you will receive from our site and serve some or all of the advertisements that are placed within those emails. If you would like to know more about the information-gathering practices of our third-party email deliverer and ad server, please click [here](http://www.privacychoices.org/) . 
  * **Portfolio Tracker**  
_RealMoney.com_ subscribers may, at their option, use our Portfolio Tracker to keep track of their personal financial information. One feature of the Tracker is a daily email roundup of a subscriber's portfolio, which can be activated or deactivated from within the [Portfolio Tracker](http://www.thestreet.com/pt/popupWindow.jhtml) . Use of the Portfolio Tracker is completely voluntary and can be discontinued at any time by deleting your entries at the same location. Deleted entries can only be re-entered manually by the subscriber and are not retained by the system. 
  * **Message Boards and Chats**  
We provide message boards and chats for discussion of various topics. Although any user of _TheStreet.com_ may read messages posted to the boards, only _RealMoney_ subscribers are permitted to post on the boards. Frequently asked questions on the use of the message boards can be found [here](http://www.thestreet.com/talk/library/780279.html#netiquette) . No additional personal information is required to post on the boards, but participants are asked in the interests of accountability, honesty and informed dialogue to include their full names in any posting, as well as any positions they have in stocks being discussed. Please note that information you post to a message board or chat will be available for any user of that service to read, and is no longer private. 
  * **Surveys/Polls**  
At certain times, users who have registered for free-trial subscriptions may be asked to participate in surveys, which are generally aimed at obtaining general information about our subscribers, for example, their investment experience or their reactions to a particular article. Because information obtained in these surveys is connected with individual subscribers and is used internally to better market our services, participation is voluntary. In addition, some columnists will on occasion take polls of their readers. Such polls are solely for the editorial use of the individual columnists, and participation is voluntary. 
  * **Contests**  
We sometimes offers contests in which certain personal information is required for registration, for purposes of verifying the entrants' identities and notifying the winners. If the contest is being administered by a third party, this information will be disclosed to that third party. However, entrants select contest names distinct from their login names, and the information is not connected with their login names. 
  * **Making Purchases**  
The sale and fulfillment of gear purchased from _TheStreet.com_ Store is handled by Starbelly.com. Please note that when you provide information in connection with purchasing goods at the TSC Store, you are providing that information to Starbelly. TheStreet.com, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of Starbelly. Use of the TSC Store is governed by own [Terms of Use](http://shop.starbellyorder.com/thestreet/terms.jsp.) . 
  * **Offers**  
We may from time to time forward information to you regarding third party products or services. Such mailings will be distributed by TheStreet.com, Inc. and will not involve disclosure of your personal information to third parties, except as may be necessary to our contractors or other agents as described more fully below. You may request not to receive such information by emailing customer service at [members@realmoney.com](mailto:members@realmoney.com) , or calling them at (800) 562-9571. 

**Tracking Information**  
Tracking data consists of individual tracking information and aggregated tracking information and is automatically gathered using "cookies". A cookie is a small data file containing information such as a user's login name that is written to the user's hard drive by a Web server and used to track the pages visited. Cookies used by TheStreet.com, Inc. are encoded and contain a unique digital signature to prevent tampering. They do not contain subscriber passwords. The individual information gathered in this manner is used for internal purposes only, such as accessing a user's account information and processing purchases in _TheStreet.com_ Store. We also use the information on an aggregate basis, to track the readership of stories and analyze traffic patterns on our site. In addition, advertisers that serve ads onto _TheStreet.com_ or any of our other sites may use their own cookies or other technologies. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any such advertisers. TheStreet.com, Inc. uses information obtained from its users as stated in this Privacy Policy, and to enhance users' experiences on our sites. As a general rule, we will not disclose any personal information to any third parties, except when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, to protect other users of _TheStreet.com_ services, or to respond to an emergency. Information is also disclosed if the subscriber has given permission, for example by voluntarily entering a contest or making a purchase on the site, where the information required to register for the contest or to ship your purchases is provided to the third party provider of that service. Information may also be given to contractors or other agents, such as providers of certain services that TheStreet.com, Inc. could provide itself but chooses to outsource. Information will be shared with such contractors only to the extent reasonably necessary for them to perform services on our behalf, and pursuant to reasonable confidentiality obligations. Finally, if you partake, or we reasonably suspect that you are partaking, in any illegal activity, we may disclose your personal information without a subpoena, warrant or other court order to the extent we feel is necessary to cooperate with appropriate authorities. We reserve the right to transfer any information that we have collected to a third party in the event that we sell or otherwise transfer substantially all of our assets related to _TheStreet.com_ , _RealMoney.com_ , _ipoPros.com_ , or any other website which we own or operate. Tracking information is used to create aggregate reports on user demographics and site traffic patterns and then provided to our advertisers and partners, enabling them to better target their advertisements to our users. None of the information provided to them can be connected to the identities or other personal information of individual users. _TheStreet.com_ offers subscribers to _RealMoney.com_ the ability to correct or update online the information we collect during registration. This can be done by visiting the _RealMoney.com_ Account Information [section](http://www.thestreet.com/z/Account_Info.jhtml) or by emailing customer service at [members@realmoney.com](mailto:members@realmoney.com) , or calling them at (800) 562-9571. Subscribers to _ipoPros_ may correct or update information collected during registration by sending an email to [subscribe@ipopros.com](mailto:subscribe@ipopros.com) , or by calling its offices during business hours at (303) 443-5927. TheStreet.com, Inc. uses reasonable security methods to protect the data that resides on our servers. However, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our servers, nor can we guarantee that information that users supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. ********** Questions regarding this policy should be directed to at [ privacy@thestreet.com](mailto:privacy@thestreet.com) . TheStreet.com, Inc. reserves the right to modify this policy effective seven (7) days after the posting of the revised policy. 

* * *  
  
---
