> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hotbloodedgaming.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100622003555id_/http%3A//www.hotbloodedgaming.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Hot Blooded Gaming

**General**. We do not sell, rent or loan any identifiable information (e-mail address, etc.) regarding our visitors to anybody. We will not solicit you by phone or mail. Any information you provide us will not be used in ways to which you have not consented.

**Cookies**. Upon your first visit to Hot Blooded Gaming, Hot Blooded Gaming sends a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user. Hot Blooded Gaming uses cookies to improve the quality of our service and to understand our user base more. Hot Blooded Gaming does this by storing user preferences in cookies and by tracking user trends and patterns of how people use the Hot Blooded Gaming web site. Hot Blooded Gaming will not disclose its cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Be aware, however, that some parts of the Hot Blooded Gaming web site may not function properly if you refuse cookies.

**What information do we collect?** Hot Blooded Gaming does not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information. Hot Blooded Gaming notes and saves information such as time of day, browser type, browser language, and IP address with each query. That information is used to verify our records and to provide more relevant services to users. For example, Hot Blooded Gaming may use your IP address or browser language to determine which language to use when showing advertisements.

**With whom do we share information?** Hot Blooded Gaming may share information about you with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. However, we only divulge aggregate information about our users and will not share personally identifiable information with any third party without your express consent. For example, we may disclose how frequently the average Hot Blooded Gaming user visits Hot Blooded Gaming, or which Hot Blooded Gaming pages are most often used. Please be aware, however, that we will release specific personal information about you if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order.

**Changes to this Policy.** By using the Hot Blooded Gaming web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy. Please note this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. When it does, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
