> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hotels.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081218154557id_/http%3A//www.hotels.ca/hotel-htdocs/ca/hotels.ca/PrivacyAndSecurity.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# hotels.ca

|    
---  
| BOOK ONLINE OR CALL  
---  
   
  
**1-800-CA-HOTELS**  
**(1-800-224-6835)**  
  
  |    
   
   
   
|  |    
---  
Privacy Statement  
  
  
This privacy statement covers the site hotels.ca. Your privacy is important to us. We want to make your experience on the Internet enjoyable and to foster your trust in eCommerce as a whole. Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to our users' privacy, we have agreed to disclose our information practices. 

This Privacy policy is an integral part of our website and the services offered to you and cannot, in any way, be separated from the User Agreement or from the membership, usage or transaction process. If you do not agree to our privacy policy in whole, you must not use our website. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact our [Customer Care team](https://web.archive.org/hotel-htdocs/ca/hotels.ca/GeneralHelpAndComments.htm).   
When you become a hotels.ca member you provide your name, address, telephone number, fax number, e-mail address, a unique login name, password, and password validation. This information is collected on the registration form for several reasons including: (1) personal identification; (2) to complete hotel, air and car reservations; (3) to allow us to contact you for customer service, if necessary; (4) to customize the content of our site to meet your specific needs; and (5) to make product improvements to hotels.ca. In addition, your e-mail address is collected to send you an e-mail message confirming your new member registration and each reservation you transact online. If you provide a fax number, you may receive faxes confirming your new member registration and each reservation that you transact online as well. As a member you will occasionally receive updates from us about special offers, new hotels.ca services, and other noteworthy news items. However, you may always decline to receive these e-mail and fax messages. Please see our Opt Out policy described below.   
Members can choose to provide hotels.ca with travel preferences, credit card billing information, and other personal information. This information is primarily used to assist members in making reservations quickly without having to type in the same information repeatedly.   
When you book a reservation through our site, we ask you to provide personally identifiable information by filling out and submitting an online customer profile form if you are not a hotels.ca member already. This information includes your name, home or work telephone number, fax number, e-mail address, and your credit card number, expiration date and billing address. We use this information to process and book your reservation and to notify you of your reservation status by e-mail or fax. When you return to the site and if you use your name and provide other key, personally identifiable information, we use this information to provide you with access to your reservation information. We also ask you for personally identifiable information about other people for whom you are booking reservations. We use this information only to reserve the room with the hotel or other lodging, and, if you request it, to send each person an e-mail notification of the reservation.   
Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your computer tied to information about you. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once you close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on your hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following the Web browser help file directions. hotels.ca uses cookies in several ways. We use cookies to allow you to login without having to type your login name each time. Instead, only your password is needed to access the system. We also use cookies to track usage of the Guest path and to serve advertisements through our advertising networks. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. If you reject the cookie, you may still use our website. The only drawback to this is that you will be limited in some areas of our website. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our website. See Member Profile. Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by hotels.ca only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.   
Like most standard website servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, diagnose problems with our servers and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We use a tracking utility called ATG Dynamo that uses log files to analyze user movement. Please be aware that we have links on our site that may collect personally identifiable information about you. This privacy policy does not cover the information practices or policies of such websites.   
We send all new members a welcoming e-mail to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. (Please see the Choice/Opt-out section below).   
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and e-mail address. Out of respect for our users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. (Please see the Choice/Opt-out section below).   
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an e-mail. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature.   
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account. We reply via e-mail, fax or phone, in accordance with the user's wishes.   
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, hotels.ca may be required by law to disclose information you have provided in obtaining our travel products or services. hotels.ca may also disclose information against someone who poses a threat to hotels.ca's interests (such as customer fraud) or whose activities could bring harm to others.   
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information.   
We use an outside a credit card processing company and bank cheque processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. Hotels.ca is using a third-party service, WebSideStory, to collect aggregate information about Web site usage. Please see http://www.websidestory.com/privacy/ for information about WebSideStory and their commitment to your privacy.   
We provide information about travel either reserved or purchased on hotels.ca to the suppliers whose will fulfill your travel reservation. Although hotels.ca offers travel products from hotel, airline and car rental suppliers that are reputable companies, we have not placed limitations on these suppliers from using or disclosing your information without your permission. Therefore, we encourage you to review the information privacy practices of any travel suppliers whose products you purchase on hotels.ca. In addition, these travel suppliers may also contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about your confirmed reservation. Hotels.ca will occasionally share aggregated information with our service providers. This information does not contain any personally identifiable information and is used to develop featured programs and content that will be of interest to our members and website visitors. Hotels.ca may contract a reputable third-party to facilitate the distribution of survey, promotion, or sweepstakes programs. Upon completion of these projects, all information is returned to hotels.ca.   
If you were referred to hotels.ca from another website, we may personally indentifiable information about you to the referring website. Although hotels.ca believes that the website companies from which you were referred to us are reputable companies, we have not placed limitations on the referring websites companies from using or disclosing your information without your permission. Therefore, we encourage you to review the information privacy practices of any website that referred you to hotels.ca.   
Our users are given the opportunity to opt-out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for information. For example, our order form has an opt-out mechanism so users who buy a product from us, but don't want any marketing material, can keep their e-mail address and fax number off of our lists. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying with unsubscribe in the subject line, or by contacting our [Customer Care team](https://web.archive.org/hotel-htdocs/ca/hotels.ca/GeneralHelpAndComments.htm). We also offer an opt-out mechanism on the member profile page. Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require an outside party.   
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Hotel Discounts, L.P., are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.   
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as your postal code). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this website. Users' personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users' personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.   
Hotels.ca takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line. When our reservation order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just surfing. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, all employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users' information is protected. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, in a locked facility. In order for this web site to properly fulfill its obligation to users it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from third party sources.   
If a user's personally identifiable information (such as postal code, phone, e-mail or postal address) changes or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate the user's personally identifiable information. Members can change their personal information on the member profile page of our website. Members and users can all e-mail our [Customer Care](https://web.archive.org/hotel-htdocs/ca/hotels.ca/GeneralHelpAndComments.htm) team or by contact us by telephone or postal mail using the contact information below.   
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our website notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also e-mail users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.   
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact our [Customer Care]() team. Postal address: 

> Hotels.com L.P.  
> 10440 North Central Expressway   
> Suite 400   
> Dallas, Texas 75231   
> USA 
