> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hotscope.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161119004627id_/http%3A//hotscope.tv/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Hotscope.tv

This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") applies to hotscope.tv. As noted below, please be aware that we may change our Privacy Policy in the future and it is your obligation to review this Privacy Policy from time to time and the effective date listed with it.

  


Hotscope.tv is and adult only service. We will terminate any accounts which we believe are being used by anyone under the age of eighteen (18) years old or the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you view the Sites; additionally, we reserve the right to report such person to the proper authorities along with all information provided to us by or with respect to such person.

During your visit on hotscope.tv we may collect Demographic Information from you. Demographic Information may include IP address(es), referring website information, Internet browser used, zip code and/or other data regarding search history, browsing history, registration and user history. 

We may use Cookies and Demographic Information to better your experience on the site by allowing us to tailor your experience on the Sites according to your preferences and what we think may appeal to you based on such Demographic Information. Aggregate, non-individual membership Demographic Information may be shared with third parties with whom we have a direct or indirect relationship who may offer products or services we believe you may be interested in.

We may also share the aggregate Demographic Information with third parties for the purposes of analyzing usage data, maintaining servers and other purposes relating to maintaining and improving our service and the Sites.

Any information provided by you to a third party, and any transaction with such a third party, is subject to that third partys terms and conditions and privacy policy.

Your email address may be used by us to contact you when we have special offers or other information to provide you. Such information may include, without limitation, new services offered by us, information relating to your account and other information related to your subscription to the Sites. We may send you emails prior to and after you have terminated your membership to our service until such time as you advise us, in accordance with the procedures explained below, that you no longer wish to receive email from us and/or from third parties with whom we have a direct or indirect relationship. We may share your email address with other third parties, with whom we have a direct or indirect relationship with, for the purposes of sending you special advertisements or promotions. If at any time you no longer wish to receive emails from us or from such third parties please contact us at admin@hotscope.tv and request removal. We and our advertising partners fully comply with the federal CAN-SPAM Act and as such all emails from us and our advertising partners will always, among other required disclosures, have a place for you to opt out of receipt of further email correspondence. Please note we will never send you an email directly or through our marketing partners without your consent. Please immediately report any emails you may receive, without your prior authorization, that purport to promote the Sites.

We utilize the services of outside advertising agencies to advertise our services and goods and/or services offered by third parties. Either we or our advertising agencies may use cookies and/or action tags to measure advertising effectiveness on an anonymous basis. Some emails from us may contain advertisements from companies unrelated to the Sites. Should you elect to visit any such advertiser's website, we cannot, and do not, make any representations about applicable terms and conditions or privacy policies for such advertisers websites. If you choose to make any purchases on such sites or accept any offers from such companies, we may provide your information, including Financial Data, to the advertiser as necessary to your request. Finally, we cannot, and do not, make any representations about the privacy policies or terms and conditions of advertisements appearing anywhere on our service, whether through our website or emails, this is regardless of whether or not there may be any mentions of or references to any or all of the Sites on such advertiser's website(s).

We may change this privacy policy at any time. You agree that we are under no duty to send you notice of such changes. Instead it is your responsibility to check this Privacy Policy from time to time. No change in the privacy policy will be effective until thirty (30) days after it is posted, unless the privacy policy has clear language indicating otherwise.
