> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hotspotsystem.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160509232506id_/http%3A//www.hotspotsystem.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Principals of data protection

HotspotSystem.com does not collect any information through its websites that can be connected to your person (name, address, phone number or e-mail), unless you voluntarily decide to provide it to us. (by registration or answering to questionnaires). HotspotSystem.com is organizing and storing the personal data provided by you (time of registration, chosen package) in order to operate the system. The company states that it is storing and documenting your data in order to complete your orders and to confirm your future requests.

In case of online payment we are not storing and we don’t see the card information (number of card and expiry date), because the transaction happens directly though a 3rd-party payment processor (like WorldPay or PayPal).

We are obliging ourselves, to handle the information collected by us according to the law. Upon transferring personal data to us, you agree to the registration and management of your personal data for purposes and period of time depending as essential by the nature of the service.

HotspotSystem.com is exempt from liabilities deriving from damage due to unauthorized use, disclosure or loosing of user login name, password or certificate. The detailed description of management rules of data forwarded to us by the user can be found at the “Data Protection Principles”.

**Use of Intercom Services:** We use third-party analytics services to help understand your usage of our services. In particular, we provide a limited amount of your information (such as your email address and sign-up date) to Intercom, Inc. (“Intercom”) and utilize Intercom to collect data for analytics purposes when you visit our website or use our product. Intercom analyzes your use of our website and/or product and tracks our relationship so that we can improve our service to you. We may also use Intercom as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within our product(s). As part of our service agreements, Intercom collects publicly available contact and social information related to you, such as your email address, gender, company, job title, photos, website URLs, social network handles and physical addresses, to enhance your user experience. For more information on the privacy practices of Intercom, please visit http://docs.intercom.io/privacy. Intercom’s services are governed by Intercom’s terms of use which can be found at http://docs.intercom.io/terms. If you would like to opt out of having this information collected by or submitted to Intercom, please contact us.
