> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bimmerforums.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111206061702id_/http%3A//www.bimmerforums.co.uk/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - BMW Forum|Bimmerforums.co.uk|No1 forum for BMWs|BMW Forums|BMW Tuning

  * Bimmerforums recognizes that you care about the personal information that is held about you and how that is used.
  * This privacy policy applies to all personal data, submitted by you, to the Bimmerforums web site.
  * By registering with Bimmerforums you need to submit a user name and contact information, more specifically an e-mail address. No extremely personal information, such as Social Security or Credit Card numbers are stored by us.
  * Bimmerforums also stores and reads cookies to and from your computer. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our forums and general website features to recognize your browser for when you return to this web site. By using this website, you agree that both the webserver, and any trusted 3rd party we chose, such as advertising networks, may place a tracking cookie on your machine and access it at any time during your session. In general, cookies are safe and are not a security issue when being used from 'trusted' internet sites, such as Bimmerforums. For information on how to manage cookies in your browser, please visit [AboutCookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/Default.aspx?page=2)
  * Bimmerforums will not sell, transmit or distribute any data held without your prior permission or consent, unless required to do so under relevant government legislation.
  * All other information provided by you goes into a "public profile" and is entirely optional, all information held in that profile is held there at your own risk. This information is edited via your user Control Panel on Bimmerforums.
  * You have a legal right for the personal information held at Bimmerforums to be updated if it is incorrect or deleted if you choose. Most of this can be done through your Control Panel in the forums. If you are having issues with this, please contact us if you need help.
  * Bimmerforums will take all reasonable effort to ensure that all personal information about you submitted is maintained secure on our server. However, we make no warranty to this.
  * Email - WHen you register with Bimmerforums, we will send an account activation email to you containing a confirmation link in it. You need to open this email and click the link within it in order to activate your account and be able to post or fully view the forums. This is to verify that the email you have registered with is indeed your correct email address and assists us in the prevention of spam.
  * We do not send marketing emails and on a very rare occasion may send critical forum information emails to you but only in very rare cases. You habve the option to subscribe to yours, or other peoples threads and recieve a wide range of notification options. You can choose from pm update, instant email. daily email, weekly email and so on. To unsubscribe from this service you simply go to your user control panel on the forum and go to the subscribed threads link. From here you can edit or delete your chosen thread subscriptions.
  * This site is intended for individuals over the age of 13. Any information collected is intended to be of individuals over the age of 13. According to [COPPA](http://www.ftc.gov/coppa/index.html), our site does NOT cater to children. "Operators of commercial websites or online services directed to children under 13 that collect personal information from children" require a COPPA agreement and privacy policy. Since we do not cater to this age group, no COPPA exists on Bimmerforums
  * This Privacy Policy may be modified at any time without notice. It is your responsibility to check this page for updates or changes. If you have any questions regarding your privacy, then [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/sendmessage.php)


