> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adidas-group.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121103004id_/http%3A//www.adidas-group.com/en/service/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# adidas Group - Privacy Statement

## 1\. Who is in charge of the protection of your Personal data

The adidas AG, Adi-Dassler-Sraße 1, 91074, Herzogenaurach (hereinafter referred to as “adidas”) is the controller of data processing for this website according to the German Data Protection law (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz). For all mobile applications which refer to this policy adidas is the controller of the data processing. adidas is committed to take all responsibility for the protection and security of your personal data.

adidas-Group shall mean all Group companies which are active or responsible for the Group's brands (including Reebok and TaylorMade).

## 2\. What personal data is collected

We are committed to providing a good level of protection for the privacy of all visitors to our websites and our mobile applications. The way in which we collect and store information is dependent on how our websites and related functionalities are used.

## 3. Data collected by automated means

Various technologies may be used on our websites and our mobile applications in order to make them more user-friendly, effective and secure.

## 3.1 Cookies

When visiting one of our websites, data is transmitted via cookies from your browser to our server. Cookies are essentially small text files that are stored on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser. Most cookies used by us are so-called “session cookies”, which are automatically deleted at the end of your visit to the respective website.

In addition we are also using so-called “permanent cookies“ for the bookmark functionality.

Visitors to our website are thereby enabled to bookmark the respective page. The title and URL of the respective website are stored by us in cookies. If you as a visitor delete your cookies, all bookmarks will be deleted.

By default, browsers enable the use of cookies. However, you can prevent cookies from being stored on your computer or mobile device by choosing “Block All Cookies” in your browser settings. You can also configure your browser to the effect that it asks you before storing a cookie. Finally, you can always delete already stored cookies. Please refer to your browser manufacturer's instructions for further details. Of course you can also use our website without using cookies, but a deactivation may cause a loss of some of our websites’ functionality.

## 3.2 Flash cookies

A special form of cookie is the so-called flash cookie. In contrast to normal cookies, these are not created and saved by the browser but are governed by the Adobe Flash plug-in. These can contain more information than normal cookies and cannot be deleted or disabled via the browser; this is only possible using tools such as the Adobe Flash Player website. You can also obtain more information about these cookies on that website.

## 3.3 Web analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case IP-anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP-address that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics by clicking on the following toggle button.

Google Analytics: Enabled __

## 4\. Data provided by yourself

Besides the data collected by automated means, we also process data which you have provided to us. This includes but is not limited to:

  * Your e-mail address and date of birth when you participate in prize draws or other marketing competitions.
  * Job application data when you apply for a job, including your curriculum vitae.
  * Your e-mail address when you subscribe to the news feed or press releases.



The exact data that is collected depends on a range of factors, such as the required service or the desired form of communication. All of this data is characterized by the fact that you have provided this information yourself.

## 5\. How is the collected data used

We will only use your data for the purposes for which you submitted the information to us and as described in this policy statement. Exceptionally we may also use your data for purposes required or authorised by or under applicable law.

## 5.1 Job applications

If you submit a job application via one of the websites or in any other form, or submit queries regarding job applications, we may use the information submitted by you in order to come to a decision regarding entering into an employment relationship or in order to answer your query.

## 5.2 The use of anonymous information by us

Data collected by automated means helps us to evaluate how specific sections of our websites are used and to classify visitors (country of residence, how did the visitor end up on our website, etc.). This allows us to improve our websites and our mobile applications and ensure that they address the widest possible audience.

## 6\. Disclosure of information

One of our core principles states that your data shall be treated with confidentiality. We will not sell your data to third parties. If required by law your data will be disclosed to third parties. If required due to business requirements and provided that it is allowed under the applicable law, we will transfer your data to other companies of the adidas Group. In all other cases data will not be transferred without obtaining your prior consent.

We sometimes make use of service providers and of data processors working on behalf of adidas. These services can include hosting and maintenance services, analysis services, e-mail messaging services etc. These third parties are granted access to such personal data they require in order to be able to carry out the particular service. The service providers and data processors are contractually obliged to treat such information in the strictest confidence. It is also contractually forbidden for them to use the data in any other way than that required.

There may be occasions on which we disclose data to our partners in an anonymised form. Such anonymised data includes, for example, information about the number of visitors to a website or a mobile application during a certain period of time. Such information is generally only disclosed in a ‘bundled’ form.

## 7\. Your rights

If you provide us with personal data via our websites or other channels, this is done on an entirely voluntary basis and with the granting of your consent for it to be used in accordance with the provisions of this online privacy policy. In certain cases, only those people that have submitted the necessary personal data to us are able to use certain services and in other ways avail themselves of the activities and offers available on our websites. As transparency and fair play are particularly important issues for us, we provide various options in order to help you retain control over your data. These options may include the possibility of displaying and editing your data online. It may also be possible to unsubscribe from services or delete user accounts or to receive information about the data held.

## 7.1 Right to object

With regard to e-mails that contain, for example, a newsletter or marketing content, you have the option to terminate the receiving of such e-mails (unsubscribe) by following the relevant instructions in the respective e-mail.  With regard to other types of message you may receive, such as maintenance announcements or administrational notifications, the receiving of these can only be terminated by deleting your account, as such messages are a mandatory part of user accounts and the related use of our websites or our mobile applications.

## 7.2 Right to request information

You have the right to be informed at any time about the personal data stored about you, its origin and recipients as well as the purpose for which it is being stored. Information about stored personal data can be obtained from our Group Data Protection Officer, who can be contacted using the address details in the Contact Information section below.

## 7.3 Right to request correction

You have the right to request to correct, supplement, delete or block the personal data stored about you. We will notify you within four weeks of receiving the request how we will comply with your request. If for any reason we don’t comply with your request, we will provide you with the reasons.

## 8\. Security of the information and data integrity

We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect personal data against accidental, unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorised use, disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against all other unlawful forms of processing and misuse.

## 9. Protection of children’s personal data

The protection of children’s personal data is extremely important. adidas feels that it has a responsibility to protect the privacy of children and has no intention of collecting the data of children under the age of 14. We also encourage parents and other guardians to surf the Internet together with their children and participate with their children in the multitude of activities offered by the wide range of websites on the World Wide Web (WWW).

If a child attempts to register himself or herself, he or she is initially asked to provide the information as described in the above section entitled “2.What personal data is collected”. In addition, the data submitted by and collected about the child during the course of his or her visit (e.g. via cookies) may be used as described above.

If a child under the age of 14 attempts to submit a registration application, this will be rejected with the notification that applications from children under the age of 14 are not accepted. For that reason, we ask parents and other guardians to check on and monitor their children’s Internet usage in order to protect them.

## 10\. Social Networks

Our Websites and/or mobile applications provide you Social Plug-ins from various social networks. If you choose to interact with a social network, your activity on our website or adidas mobile application will also be made available to social networks such as Facebook and Twitter.

If you are logged on in one of the social networks during the visit on one of our Websites or mobile applications the social network might add this information to your profile. If you are interacting with one of the Social Plug-ins, this information will be transferred to the social network. In case you do not wish such a data transfer, please log off in your social network before you enter one of our Websites or mobile applications.

We cannot influence this data collection and data transfer via the Social Plug-ins. Please read the privacy policies of those social networks for detailed information about the collection and transfer of personal data, what rights you have and how you can achieve satisfactory privacy settings.

Facebook: <https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/>  
Twitter: <http://twitter.com/privacy>  
Google +: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>

## 11.  Google Search Box

We have implemented the Google Search Box, developed from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California, 94043, USA („Google“) on our adidas-Group.com website. Google will not collect any personal data from you when you use the search Box. Google may collect information about your location and browser. We cannot influence this data collection and data transfer. Google might publish aggregated statistics about the usage of the Search Box or share these statistics with other users and/or partners.

With the usage of the Google Search Box you agree to the collection and transfer of the data as described above. Please read the Privacy Policy of Google for detailed information about the collection and transfer of data via the Google Search Box http://www.google.com/privacy.html.

## 12.  Geolocation Services

We offer location-enabled services within some of our mobile applications, such as Google Maps and Bing Maps. If you use those mobile applications, they may receive information about your actual location (such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device) or information that can be used to approximate a location. You are always asked if the Geolocation Service can be activated and you can also object to this Geolocation Service within the respective mobile application.

For further Information on Google Maps and their privacy policy please click on the following link.

<http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>

For further information on Bing Maps and their Privacy Policy please click on the following link.

<http://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/fullnotice.mspx>

## 13.  Contact Information

If you have any questions about the processing of your personal details or about our privacy policy you are welcome to contact our Group Data Protection Officer, who is also available regarding requests for information, suggestions or complaints.

We encourage all interested parties or affected people to tell us about any concerns they have or general complaints regarding adherence to this online privacy policy. For such notifications, please use the contact data below. We will investigate your case and make every effort to rectify any problems or discrepancies that exist regarding the use and disclosure of personal data and which do not comply with the principles of this privacy policy. The contact details are:
