> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 20i.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180627192539id_/https%3A//www.20i.com/legal/20i-ltd-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 20i Ltd Privacy Notice

This policy (together with any ancillary documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed.

Please read the following carefully to understand how we will treat and regard your personal data.

**About us**

20i Ltd is a registered company in England & Wales (Company number 09775671). Our registered address is 20i Ltd, Laurel House, Southwell Road West, Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, NG21 0HJ

20i may be both a data controller and data processor of personal data. We have a designated Data Protection Officer who can be contacted at our registered address.

**What information we collect**

Any personal information that you provide by filling in forms on our website. This includes information provided at the time of registering an account, purchasing services from us or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site or the services you have purchased.

If you contact us by letter or email, records of the correspondence may be kept.

Telephone conversations may be recorded for training purposes.

Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment and administration of your orders.

We also record technical data such as your operating system, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names and pages viewed in our server logs. This information is used for marketing and security purposes.

In the circumstances where we are acting as a data processor, we shall only act on the instructions of our customer as the data controller. If you provide us with personal data about a third party (for example when registering a domain on their behalf), you warrant that you have obtained the express consent from the third party for the disclosure and use of their personal data.

**How we use personal data**

  1. To register a customer account.
  2. To process orders that you have placed with us.
  3. To handle customer service and careers enquiries.
  4. To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
  5. To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
  6. To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered-into between you and us.
  7. To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
  8. To notify you about changes to our service.
  9. To carry out marketing and statistical analysis



For the avoidance of doubt, 20i will never sell your personal data to third parties.

**Automatic decision making**

We may use the information provided by you to perform automatic decisions about the acceptance of orders you place. This helps us combat fraud and abuse and this information never leaves our network.

**Where we store your personal data**

The personal data that we collect from you will be stored on our servers inside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Occasionally, we may have to transfer personal data outside of the EEA. For example, domain registration data needs to be sent to our domain registrar outside of the EEA. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing of data outside the EEA. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with the GDPR and our data protection policies.

**Data retention**

We only retain your personal data for as long as we need it to fulfil the purposes for which we have initially collected it, unless otherwise required by law. We will retain and use information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements as follows:

  * Invoice data is kept for a minimum of 6 years as required under UK Law
  * Log files are rotated every 12 weeks. However, anonymised data may be kept for longer.



20i infrastructure backups are kept for 12 months. Web Hosting data is kept for 30 days.

In the rare event backups containing personal information are restored post-deletion, 20i will make every reasonable effort to ensure data that has been forgotten is not inadvertently restored and ensure all traces of data are removed within a maximum period of 180 days unless additional retention obligations apply.

**Your rights**

Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: -

  * The right to request a copy of your personal data which we hold about you.
  * The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date. You can view, edit and remove your personal data through the 20i control panel.
  * The right to object to our use of your personal data and request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data. This is known as your right to be forgotten. Please note that there may be legal reasons as to why we will need to keep your data, but please do inform us if you think we are retaining or using your personal data incorrectly.
  * You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by following the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of any emails we send, contacting Customer Services or writing to us at 20i Ltd, Laurel House, Southwell Road West, Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, NG21 0HJ
  * The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office. Please see <https://ico.org.uk/concerns/> for further information.



**Who we share your information with**

By entering into this agreement, you agree to the processing of data by the third parties listed below. When we introduce any new, or change any existing third-party agreements, we will ensure this policy is updated at least 30 days before the new third party processes any data.  
 

**Company**

| 

**Service**  
  
---|---  
  
Worldpay

| 

Credit/Debit Card Payments  
  
MasterCard Payment Gateway Services

| 

Direct Debit Payments  
  
Nominet

| 

Domain Names  
  
Tucows (OpenSRS)

| 

Domain Names  
  
GeoTrust (Symantec)

| 

SSL/TLS Certificates  
  
Slack

| 

Internal communication of support issues/service incidents.  
  
Google: including Adwords, Google Analytics, Youtube, Drive, Data Studio, Google My Business.

| 

Site analytics, targeting and exclusion from PPC advertising, purchasing data. Reporting on anonymised data.  
  
Facebook & Instagram

| 

Targeting and exclusion from PPC advertising, purchasing data.  
  
Twitter

| 

Targeting and exclusion from PPC advertising  
  
Microsoft: Bing and Office 365 

| 

Site analytics, targeting and exclusion from PPC advertising, purchasing data.  
  
Mailchimp

| 

Sending email and email analytics. Signups for newsletters.  
  
Hotjar

| 

Testing of site optimisations (All personal data is anonymised).  
  
**Data breaches**

In the event of a data breach, the affected individuals will be contacted within the timescales specified in the GDPR, it will be reported to the Information Commissioner, and a full report - highlighting any risks - will be provided.

**How we use cookies**

We may obtain information about your general Internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:

  * To estimate our audience size and usage pattern;
  * To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests;
  * To speed up your searches;
  * To recognise you when you return to our site.
  * Remarketing - For example, once you have visited our website you may see 20i adverts to remind you of our products. We also use cookies to exclude existing customers from seeing our adverts.



You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.

**Third party links**

Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.

**Changes to this policy**

We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 10th May 2018.

**How to contact us**

Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you: <https://www.20i.com/contact> \- You can also write to our registered address: 20i Ltd, Laurel House, Southwell Road West, Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, NG21 0HJ
