> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dr.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130410051152id_/http%3A//www.doctor.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Doctor.com

## Last Updated: August, 26, 2012

We value your right to privacy. This policygoverns the collection of personal information through the Doctor.com website(“Website”), the related  platform (the “Platform”)and Doctor.com’s services generally (the “Services”) . This policy describesthe types of information we may collect from visitors and how that informationis used. Please read this policy carefully before providing us with anypersonal information. If you have questions about this policy, please [contact us](http://www.doctor.com/contact_us).

The policy was last updated as of the date above and this represents the current policy in effect and governing all personal information collected both before and after this date (see below section  **Changes to this Privacy Policy** ).

**Information we collect**  
_Unregistered users_    
You can register at Doctor.com to take advantage of personalization features. 

If you do not register, then the information we collect from you is limited. We log your IP address in order to help diagnose problems with our server, administer the WebsiteWebsite and track usage statistics. Your IP address may vary each time you visit, or it may be the same. It would be extremely difficult for us to identify you through your IP address, and we make no attempt to do so. If you reached our site by clicking on a link or advertisement on another site, we may log that information. All of this information is collected and used only in the aggregate.

We may place a small “cookie” file on your computer's hard drive. A cookie may contain information that allows us to track your path through our Website and to determine whether you have visited us before. Unless you register with us, the cookie contains no personally identifiable information. We may use cookies to help us understand how visitors use our Website, and to help us to improve. You may elect not to accept cookies by changing settings in your browser.   From time to time our Website also may run usability testing to help us improve the functions of the site for all users.  This may include recording random tests that track users’ actions and movements on specific pages of the Website.  Our usability tests do not record fields that have personally identifiable information entered by users in this Website.  Our tests are also contained to our Website and we do not track users behavior on other websites.  

_Registered users_  
If you choose to register with us, in addition to information that we collect above you'll be able to add content to certain areas of our Website and also participate with more of our site features. For example, you may enhance your listing or you may participate in additional community or posting features. You can provide your email address to receive newsletters and other information. If you register with us, we will collect personal information from you in addition to the non-personal information described above. That personal information may include but is not limited to your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, doctor office information, work and educational history, user name and password, as well as contact information. The information we collect may vary, but we only collect the information that you manually enter into our forms or otherwise authorize us to collect. We may store all or some of that information in a cookie file on your hard drive, so that our system will recognize you each time you visit our site. In that way, we can save your preferences from visit to visit and present you with a customized Website, without requiring you to log into our site every time you visit. The information that you provide will also be used to enhance you listing if you have one such that the public can better learn about you. To improve services and enhance personalization, we may periodically obtain information about you from other independent third-party sources and add it to your registration information. Additionally, authorized personnel may update your registration information to accurately reflect any new information included in communications received from you.

If you reach our site through one of our partners and you choose to register with us, we may be required to give our partner your registration information.

If you conduct personalized provider searches or sign up for our medical team matching service and request to be matched with a team of service providers meeting your criteria and preferences, we will collect personal information from you regarding your personal health, medical concerns, health insurance, and preferences about service providers and treatments, which will be used to provide the Services.  We may also collect personal information from you if you utilize our appointment or scheduling functionality on our Website or Platform.

**How we use the personal information we collect**    
Registering allows you to personalize our Website so that it is most useful to you. If you are a provider it allows you to edit and enhance your profile .  Registering also allows you to log in to the Website and the Platform to personalize your experience and gain access to information you may have stored during previous use of the Services. We may use your personal information to periodically contact you with news or important information, to provide you with other information or invitations related to your membership, and to request your feedback on our Website. In addition to these periodic updates, we may email you additional marketing materials that you have requested or that we believe would be of interest to you based upon information you’ve provided . These marketing materials might include opt-in newsletters and partner offers. You may opt-out of any or all marketing communications in any commercial e-mail we send or at any time (opt-out links are provided in all marketing-related emails and any fax or mail correspondence we send you will also include opt-out instructions).

We may also use certain information that you provide in order to present you with advertising and offers that you may find interesting. This benefits both of us. It benefits us because advertising helps pay the bills, and we can charge our advertisers more if they know that their ads will be seen by somebody more likely to find it useful. It benefits you because you see advertising that is more likely to be interesting to you and because it permits us to offer you a broader range of free services. Also information will be used to help consumers more easily find the doctor that best meets their needs or does not meet their needs.  
Any information you provide pursuant to our medical team matching service will be used to match what you are seeking in a service provider to data we have gathered on service providers in order to provide you with a list of service providers that our systems determine to be the best match your preferences and criteria.     
You may choose to participate in referral programs to friends or colleagues. In this case we will contact those parties via the information that you give us or with messaging sent from the “From” e-mail address you specify.

**Disclosure of your personal information**  
We may share some of your personally identifiable information with our parent company, our subsidiaries and sister companies. We do not place restrictions on the use of personal information by our parent company, subsidiaries, or affiliates but require that they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other users. They also will comply with applicable laws governing the transmission of promotional communications, and must give you an opportunity in any such email that they send to choose not to receive such promotional e-mail messages in the future.

We may share your personal information with service providers, if you authorize us to do so by using our medical team matching service, if you request or schedule an appointment through our Website or other services, or if you use any other tool or feature of the Services that involves exchanging information with a healthcare provider.. 

We also may share your personal information with third-parties engaged to provide services to us (such as market research firms, marketing services providers and advertising agencies). We will ensure those parties agree to use any such personally-identifiable data solely for the purpose of providing the specified services to us.  We may also  share  personal information that is de-identified and aggregated  with third parties who are not providing services to us, who may  utilize such personal information for advertising, data analysis, and analytics purposes.     
We must cooperate with legal authorities, and may in some circumstances be required to disclose personally identifiable information in response to requests from law enforcement authorities, or in response to a subpoena or other legal process. We can turn over information about you if we believe we must in order to prevent a violation of the law, and by accepting this policy, you consent to our doing so, in our sole discretion. You also consent to our disclosing information about you in the course of legal proceedings if we are legally required to do so, if we reasonably believe that doing so may mitigate our liability, or if doing so will assist us in enforcing our legal rights. We also may share your information in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, and in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.

**Billing Information** **  
** Financial information including credit card and bank account information, and other such billing information is not stored on Doctor.com servers or in any Doctor.com databases unless you provide your billing information to us outside of our normal secure billing process. When you submit this information during checkout on the Doctor.com Website, the information is encrypted and sent encrypted via a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) connection to be processed by a secure third-party payment processing service such as PayPal. Unless required by legal authorities, Doctor.com will never share or disclose this information with any third-party aside from Doctor.com’s payment processors, merchant accounts, and data security services.

**Security of your personal information**  
Any information we collect from you will be collected pursuant to an SSL-secured connection.  We use commercially reasonable efforts to implement all generally accepted, industry-standard best practices for the protection of personal information.   However, no website or platform is  entirely  secure, and we cannot guarantee that  your personal information will not be intercepted or accessed by others.  While we have taken commercially reasonable precautions to protect the personal information that you provide to us, you should exercise discretion in what you provide to us, as there is always a risk that  our Website or Platform  may be compromised via a malicious attack, a system failure, a  human error, or another vulnerability, which could result in the disclosure of personal information to third parties.   
Any third parties that we share personal information with will be solely responsible for securing any personal information that they receive from us.  All such personal information will be protected in accordance with such  third parties’ security practices and procedures then in-effect.

**Service Providers**  
Service providers may be subject to certain obligations of patient confidentiality pursuant to HIPAA, and are solely responsible for meeting all applicable HIPAA obligations.

**Newsletter E-mails, Faxes, and Postal Mail We Send to You**  
At registration and at various times as you use our Website, Platform, or Services, you will be given the option of receiving recurring informational/promotional newsletters via email from Doctor.com and/or directly from carefully chosen third parties. At any time you may choose to Opt-In to receiving additional promotional emails from Doctor.com. In order to subscribe to Doctor.com newsletters via email, you must provide us with your contact information, such as your name and email address. You can unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email newsletter or by contacting us. Once you have submitted your unsubscribe request, please allow five business days for it to be processed and for your email address to be removed from our list. . Doctor.com may use third parties to help track activity or response to promotion or trends. In some cases, this may occur when you click on a link or an advertisement on the Website or in an e-mail or newsletter and your browser may be momentarily directed to the website of a third party and such redirection might occur fast enough that it is not apparent to you

**E-mails, Faxes, and Postal Mail You Send to Us** **  
** This Privacy Policy does not apply to content, business information, ideas, concepts or inventions that you send to us by email, fax, or postal mail. If you want to keep content or business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not share such information with Doctor.com.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy  
**We reserve the right to change this policy should we deem it advisable to do so. We will always post the latest date indicating the most current policy in effect. Any update will automatically apply so we encourage you to review. If we make material changes that will affect personal information we have already collected from you, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the changes and give you the opportunity to amend or cancel your registration.
