> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the elections.org.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150317183259id_/http%3A//www.elections.org.nz/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Electoral Commission

###  Privacy Statement

You may browse and access some information contained within this website without providing any personal information. However, where you voluntarily provide personal information or where you are requested to provide personal information to access certain areas of the site or perform certain functions, such information will be held by the Electoral Commission in accordance with the law.

Where you are requested to provide personal information, the relevant part of the website will inform you of the reason that information is sought.  We will only use that information according to law and in a manner that is consistent with the reason for which the information was provided.

The Electoral Commission is not liable for any loss of privacy, disclosure of information, harm, damage or loss that may result from your transmission of data via the Internet.

The Privacy Act 1993 gives you the right to see and correct information that the Electoral Commission holds about you. If you want to access the information held about you, or if you would like to correct any such information held, or if you have any privacy concerns, please contact the Electoral Commission.

###  Cookies

The Electoral Commission is currently using Google Analytics to help analyse how users use our sites.

This analytical tool uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your computer's internet address or IP address) is transmitted to and stored by Google outside of New Zealand. The tracking data is stored in a database managed by Google. The tracking data is then used by Google to compile statistical reports on website activity for the Electoral Commission to evaluate site use. This allows us to:

  *     discover what information is most and least used
  *     determine technical design specifications, and
  *     help make our sites more useful to visitors.



We will not use the web analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our sites. We will not associate any data gathered from our sites with any personally identifying information from any source as part of our use of the Google Analytics tool.

###  Disabling/Enabling cookies

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings on your browser. Disabling cookies will not affect your ability to use the Electoral Commission's websites.

###  Email

Your email address will be collected if you consent to updating your enrolment details electronically with the Electoral Commission. This is collected for electoral purposes and we will not disclose your email address to third parties. The email address you supply, however, may be used to communicate with you regarding updates to your enrolment or our online services.

While we have in place a variety of security measures it is important to remember that email is not secure.  We cannot guarantee the privacy or confidentiality of any information that is sent over the Internet by email.  In accessing and using the Elections website, you accept that electronic mail passing over the Internet may not be free from interception or interference by third parties.

###    
What happens to the information I supply by enrolling?

When you enrol, we will publish your name, the address where you reside, and your occupation in the roll of your electorate. The roll is a list of voters which any member of the public can look at and is used on election day for voting. We may give this information to scientific or health researchers, political candidates, members of Parliament or political parties. We can also tell them your age group, postal address and whether you are of Maori descent. The information is also used to make up lists of people who might be called to serve on a jury.

###    
Is there any way to stop the information being published?

Yes. If you think you, or your family's personal safety could be at risk because information about you is published in the roll, you can ask to have details put on the unpublished roll. This cannot be looked at by members of the public. However, before we put your details in an unpublished roll, you will need to show us that you or your family's safety could be put at risk. [Find out more about the unpublished roll](https://www.elections.org.nz/voters/get-ready-enrol-and-vote/unpublished-roll).

###    
Access to information

You have the right to ask for access to information held about you by the Registrar of Electors. You may also ask for this information to be corrected.

###    
Checking the information

We may carry out information matching with details from a number of government agencies (under authorised information matching programmes) to ensure that the electoral roll is complete and correct.

If you have an enquiry or concern about our privacy policy, please contact: [webmaster@elections.org.nz](mailto:webmaster@elections.org.nz)

###  Terms of Use

These terms and conditions set out what is required when you use our online services.

###  Access

The online enrolment checking and updating service is provided to allow you to enrol to check your own enrolment details for the sole purpose of checking if they are correct, and updating them if they are not.

Use of this service for any other purpose, particularly if it is unrelated to registration as an elector, is prohibited.

If you enrol using your verified RealMe® account, the RealMe® login associated with your verified account will be linked to your enrolment details for future online updates with our service.

If you have registered with your Registrar of Electors to update your enrolment details electronically, or wish to enrol using your verified RealMe® account, access to this service is governed by RealMe®, a service provided by the Department of Internal Affairs (DIA).

The RealMe® terms of use [are available here](https://www.realme.govt.nz/terms-and-conditions/).

###  Prohibited access and use

This website and information may be accessed via standard web browsers only. Access to the website and information by any other method (including, without limit, by scraping, harvesting, copying pages or functionality, data mining, use of a robot or spider, automation, or any similar data gathering or extraction method) is prohibited except with the prior written consent of the Electoral Commission.

###  Privacy

The privacy statement applies to our online services.

###  Suspension of account

For protection of users we may suspend or disable your account without notice if we consider that:

  * disabling your account is necessary to maintain the integrity or security of our services; or
  * the account is being misused or has otherwise been compromised; or
  * you breach these terms of use



###  Opting out of updating your enrolment details electronically

If you have chosen to option of updating your enrolment details electronically and now want to opt out, you must contact your Registrar of Electors in writing and state you would like to opt out of 'updating my enrolment details electronically' or provide a new enrolment form and tick ‘No’ to the question about giving consent to updating your enrolment details electronically.

###  Copyright Notice

The copyright in all materials contained or available on this website is subject to the copyright laws of New Zealand. 

Unless content is identified as being the property of another party, copyright in material on this site belongs to the Crown through the Electoral Commission.

You are free to use, store, copy and reproduce Crown Copyright content from this website for non-commercial purposes as long as you acknowledge this website as the source and include the document URL and its "last updated" date in your citation.

However, you are urged not to reproduce "how to" or information explaining current electoral matters or law onto your own website to avoid users inadvertently relying upon it when it is out of context or outdated.

You are welcome to create links to this website, but we suggest you link only to the home page in order to avoid broken link problems later.

No commercial use or reproduction may be made of the contents of this website without the written permission of the Electoral Commission.

If you wish to use any content identified as third party on the website you must obtain the prior consent of the relevant owner.
