> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the elektrobit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180208083326id_/https%3A//www.elektrobit.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Elektrobit

## General

The protection of your personal data is important to us. We use technical and organizational measures to ensure that your data is protected. For more information, see the following explanation of which information is saved when you visit our website.

### Saving your visitor data

Like many websites, when you visit our website, we save your IP address (where permissable by law), along with the date, time, pages visited, the volume of any data transferred, and the site used to navigate to our website. You can change the settings in your browser to stop cookies from being used and data being recorded. If you do so, you need to be aware that you might lose some functionality of this website.

### Sending contact information to us

When you fill out a form to contact us, we will save the personal data that you enter. This data will only be used for the purpose for which you gave us authorization when you contacted us. It will not be used for any other purposes.

Your data is entered on a voluntary basis and with your consent. You consent to us contacting you using the communication channels (e-mail, telephone) you specified, so that we can answer your inquiry.

You may revoke your consent at any time in the future. Please use the contact form to notify us.

### Newsletter

When you subscribe to our newsletter, we will collect your e-mail address. The newsletter is sent by the external service provider, Exact Target. The newsletter will usually be sent once a month (although we may send occasional special announcements between regular newsletters) and will only include information and articles on Elektrobit Automotive products and services, and no other advertisements.

You give consent using a double opt-in and always have a link to unsubscribe in each e-mail. You can also unsubscribe by notifying us using our website contact form. If you unsubscribe, we will keep your data on a blocked list to ensure that you do not receive any more newsletters. You can resubscribe at any time.

## Information about cookies

### What are cookies and why are they used?

Cookies are small text files that are sent from a web server to your browser and are saved on the devices you’ve used to access our website. We use two types of cookies. “Session cookies,” which are saved while you are on the website and are then deleted. And “persistent cookies,” which are saved by your browser even in between website visits.

We use cookies to provide a better experience when you use our website and to optimize the site continuously based on the needs of our visitors. In addition, cookies are necessary to allow you to use certain functions on our website.

### How can I deactivate cookies?

You can deactivate cookies by changing the settings in your web browser. Please note than when you deactivate the cookies you may not be able to use the full scope of functions available on this website.

### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files saved on your computer, to help the website analyze how you use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website will generally be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Your IP address will be truncated by Google beforehand within member states of the European Union or other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. In exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. We will use this information for the purpose of evaluating how you use the website, compiling reports on website activities and providing further services related to website and Internet usage. The IP address which is transmitted from your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not associated with other Google data.

You can prevent cookies from being saved by setting your browser software accordingly; however, please note that if you do, some aspects of the website may not function. You can also prevent data collection and processing, including by the Google cookie, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.

You can find more information about this at the link above or at <https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en>. Please note that an extra command was added to Google Analytics on this website in order to guarantee the anonymous collection of IP addresses.

## Contact us

If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our data protection notice, please [contact us](https://www.elektrobit.com/contact-us/?type=98) or send mail to:

Attention: Legal Department  
Elektrobit Automotive GmbH  
Am Wolfsmantel 46  
91058 Erlangen, Germany

Tel: +49 9131 7701 0  
Fax: +49 9131 7701 6333 
