> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the elementool.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080619154402id_/http%3A//www.elementool.com/newaccount/Privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

|   
---  
This page explains Elementool Inc.'s policy (the "Privacy Policy") regarding the collection and use of information that can personally identify you whether you are a first-time or repeat visitor to our website and bug tracking service (the "Service"). Unless different terms and conditions are specified in a form or contract provided to you by Elementool Inc., the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy apply to Elementool Inc.'s collection and use of personally-identifying information collected and stored on our website.  |  [ ](http://www.truste.org/ivalidate.php?url=www.elementool.com&sealid=101)Effective date:  
6/1/2006   
Elementool Inc. is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for http://www.elementool.com.   
TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to build users' trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. Because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe. By displaying the TRUSTe trustmark, this web site has agreed to notify you of: The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Web site, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site.   
1\. What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identification is collected from you through the web site   
2\. The organization collecting the information   
3\. How the information is used   
4\. With whom the information may be shared   
5\. What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information   
6\. The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Elementool Inc. control   
7\. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.   
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should first contact Elementool Inc. Support Department by email: feedback@elementool.com If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe through the [ "TRUSTe WatchDog Dispute Resolution Process"](http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php) TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns.   
**Information Collection and Use**  
Elementool Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Elementool Inc. collects information from its users at several different points on our website.   
**Registration**  
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name, email address, company name, company website and country) and unique identifiers (such as username and password). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.   
**Issues and Support Calls**  
Elementool provides a bug and support call tracking and management service. Elementool offers its customers information storage and management service and database storage space on the site. This information is submitted and managed by the customers themselves in their unique personal account. Customers are able to add, modify and erase this information. The information stored in the customer's personal account will not be sold, rented or made available to any third party or other organization at any time, under any circumstance unless required to do so as noted in "the Limitation." Elementool account owners are entitled to get a copy of their account database whenever they desire.   
**Order**  
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the customer.   
**Cookies**  
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a username more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Cookies are not tied to personally identifiable information (PII). Some of our business partners (i.e., advertisers) use cookies on our site (applicable only in the case of Basic subscribers. Advertisements are not displayed on the pages of Advanced, Pro or Premium subscribers.) We have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by this site only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.   
**Log Files**  
We use IP addresses, browser type, operating system, referring URLs, page views, and access times to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.   
**Sharing**  
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This will help us to attract the advertisers which most suitable to advertise on our website and partners that can provide our customers with added value services. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.  
We use an outside credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.   
**Links**  
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Elementool Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.   
**Tell-A-Friend**  
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. Elementool Inc. will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. Elementool Inc. stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. The friend may contact Elementool Inc. at feedback@elementool.com to request the removal of this information from our database.   
**Security**  
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to their information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to [ admin@elementool.com](mailto:admin@elementool.com).   
**Special Offers**  
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. We use an opt-out mechanism at the time of additional information sending. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.   
**Site and Service Updates**  
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.   
**Correction/Updating Personal Information**  
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can usually be done by emailing our Customer Support at [ feedback@elementool.com](mailto:feedback@elementool.com). Users who no longer wish to use their elementool account can ask us to close their account by sending us an email to [ feedback@elementool.com](mailto:feedback@elementool.com).  
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.   
**Notification of Changes**  
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.   
**Limitation**  
It is Elementool Inc.'s policy to respect the privacy of its customers. Therefore, Elementool Inc. will not monitor, edit or disclose the contents of your personal account unless required to do so by law, in accordance with a judicial or other governmental subpoena, warrant or order. Or unless elementool, Inc, believes that such action is necessary to; (1) conform to the law or comply with legal process served on Elementool Inc.; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Elementool Inc.; or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of its customers or the public.   
**Contact Us:**  
For any questions you can contact us at: Elementool Inc. 511 Avenue of Americas #616 New York, NY 10011 USA 
