> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wifi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130726235825id_/http%3A//www.wifi.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | WiFi.com

## Last Revised: February 3rd, 2011

At WiFi.com, we respect the privacy of the users of our website and services. We are committed to protecting your privacy. We have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our commitment to you and help you understand it. We ask you to be aware, by using the WiFi.com website you are giving consent to the privacy policy outlined below. From time to time it may become necessary for us to revise our privacy practices and we encourage you to check with this policy often to ensure your continued agreement. We will include all updated information in this policy and post the revision date on this page.

In order to provide top-notch service to you, we may collect personal information, such as email addresses, when you register to use the WiFi.com website and services related to WiFi.com software. You may be asked to voluntarily submit personal information by way of registration to aid us in providing you with service. However, there is additional personal information, such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or browser information which is automatically submitted by your computer. This information is not identified with you but used in an aggregate or anonymous form to provide insight on general trends and other statistical information. You are capable of changing your computer privacy settings but we are not responsible for those settings or the potential decline in our ability to provide you with our service as a result of your privacy settings. Unless required by law, we will not share your personal information with third parties, except in aggregate or anonymous form.

Our web site contains links to other web sites. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to the third party and is subject to the third party's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of web sites to which we link. Links from our web site to third parties or to other sites are provided for your convenience. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information.

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website or your dealings with WiFi.com, you may send an e-mail to [info@wifi.com](mailto:info@wifi.com).
