> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the z57.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180512215441id_/http%3A//www.z57.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Z57, Inc.

_Revised: 10/1/2013_

Your privacy is very important to us. Z57, Inc. (“Z57,” “we” or “us”) has prepared this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, protect, and share information and data when you use this Web site (the “Site”). We host multiple Web sites (together with this Site, the “Sites”) on behalf of realtors (“Realtors”) including the Realtor associated with this Site (“Your Realtor”).

By visiting or using all or any part of this Site, you consent to this Privacy Policy.

**Visitors  
**This Site links to this Privacy Policy because we collect, use, and retain all information, including Personal Information and Usage Data, that users share with or otherwise make available via the Site. For example, when you provide your contact information, this information is collected and stored by us, but is shared with Your Realtor. Similarly, at some point, Realtors may require users to register on the Sites. Such registration information would be collected and stored by us and shared with the applicable Realtor. This Privacy Policy, however, only covers OUR information privacy practices with respect to the information we collect via the Site. Realtors may have different privacy policies and practices, but we require that their practices are no less protective than the terms of this Privacy Policy. We require Realtors to take certain affirmative steps to protect Personal Information collected via the Site and to comply with all applicable privacy laws and regulations. However, we do not control Realtors and are not responsible for their actions, including their compliance with privacy laws.

**Managing Your Information Preferences  
**You can always review, correct, update, or change your Personal Information, or opt out of our direct marketing efforts, by unchecking the “please send me updates” field or you can contact us at clientdevelopment@z57.com.   If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at privacy@z57.com

**Information We Collect  
**_Personal Information_. We collect information that personally identifies you, such as your name, your business name, address, telephone number, username, e-mail, payment information, and other personally identifiable information that you choose to provide us with, including via the Sites (“Personal Information”). We collect Personal Information only if you choose to share it with us. The decision to provide this information is optional. However, if you choose not to provide the requested information, you may not be able to use certain features of the Sites.

_Usage Data_. We automatically collect anonymous usage information that does not identify an individual user (“Usage Data”). For example, each time you use the Site we automatically collect the type of Web browser you use, your operating system, your Internet Service Provider, your IP address, the pages you view, and the time and duration of your visits. We use this information to help us understand how people use the Sites, and to enhance the services we offer.

_Cookies and Web Beacons_. We may use cookies (a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and browser) and Web beacons (an electronic file placed on a Web site that monitors usage). We may use these technologies in connection with the Sites. We use cookies and Web beacons to improve the quality of the Sites. We do not use cookies or Web beacons to collect Personal Information. Most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies, though either of those actions may affect your use of the Site.

**How We Use Information and When We May Share and Disclose Information  
**_Generally_. We use Personal Information for internal purposes, such as to provide you with the Sites, to enable us or Your Realtor to notify you of new products or services, and to otherwise communicate with you about us or Your Realtor. We will disclose your Personal Information to Your Realtor in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  [We will not disclose Personal Information to third parties without your consent, including for their direct marketing purposes, except as explained in this Privacy Policy.]  For example, in our Mortgage Center, you may be asked to provide certain Personal Information in order to use certain features of the center and to receive quotations from mortgage brokers and/or lenders. When you provide such information, you permit us to share such information with mortgage brokers and/or lenders to enable them to contact you (for example, using the email address or phone number that you provided) [in order to provide you with the information you requested.]

_Service Providers_. From time to time, we or Your Realtor may establish a business relationship with other businesses whom we, he or she believe is trustworthy and who we have asked to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours (“Service Providers”). For example, we may contract with Service Providers to provide certain services, such as hosting and maintenance, data storage and management, or marketing and promotions. We only provide our Service Providers with the information necessary or helpful for them to perform these services on our behalf. Each Service Provider must agree to use reasonable security procedures and practices, appropriate to the nature of the information involved, in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Service Providers are prohibited from using Personal Information other than for the purpose for which such information was provided or as authorized by you.

_Advertising._ We may work with third-party advertisers, search providers and ad networks (“Advertisers”). These companies may collect and use information about your use of the Sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. These companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer or use other technologies such as Web beacons. Our Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that an Ad Network may collect from you.

_Standard Analytics Information_. We may use, and disclose to Realtors and third parties, certain Usage Data regarding the Sites. However, in such cases, your Usage Data is aggregated with the Usage Data of others and does not identify you individually.

_Other Transfers_. We may share Personal Information and Usage Data with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with us. If we are merged, acquired, or sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information and Usage Data in connection with such transaction.

_Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement_. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose Personal Information and any other information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if, in our discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate for any of the following reasons: (a) to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas); (b) to protect the safety, property, or rights of us, any Realtor or any third party; (c) to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity; or (d) to comply with the law.

**Be Careful When You Share Information with Others  
**Please be aware that whenever you send messages, make postings, or otherwise post or transmit any information or content on this Site or any other of the Sites or any public forum available on or through the Sites, that information or content may be accessed by others. In addition, when you share information or any other communications with third parties, that information may be passed along or made public by others. This means that anyone with access to such information can potentially use it for any purpose, including sending unsolicited communications.

**Security  
**We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your Personal Information. We employ reasonable physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. However, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through the Sites, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you upload, store, share, transmit, or provide on or through any Site and you do so at your own risk.

**Links To Other Web sites  
**The Sites may contain links to other Web sites, or allow others to send you such links. A link to a third party’s Web site does not mean that we endorse it or that we are affiliated with it. We do not exercise control over third-party Web sites. You access such third-party Web sites or content at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a third-party Web site before providing any information to the Web site.

**Children’s Privacy  
**We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that a user is under the age of 13, we will terminate any account that user may have with us. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records.

**Processing in the United States  
**Please be aware that your Personal Information may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, or country. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store all information in the United States. The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location. By using the Sites, you agree that the collection, use, transfer, and disclosure of your Personal Information will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.

**Privacy Policy Changes  
**From time to time, we may change this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Site. Those changes will go into effect on the Revision Date shown in the revised Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Sites constitutes your consent to the revised Privacy Policy.
