> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pepboys.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130608231031id_/http%3A//www.pepboys.com/customer_care/policies/privacy%3FiCID%3DFtrMain_AbtPBPriv_P3) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Customer Care Policies | Privacy Policy| Pep Boys

Pep Boys is serious about the privacy and security of the information with which you entrust us. This privacy statement explains how we use any personally identifiable information collected from you if you browse our Web site, shop at our online store or retail or service locations (“Locations”) or participate in our contests. If you are a member of our Rewards program, please see the Pep Rewards program details for additional information that may apply. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected with respect to our Pep Boys branded credit cards. If you feel that we are not abiding by our posted privacy policy, please contact us at [contactus@pepboys.com](mailto:contactus@pepboys.com) or call 1-800-PEP-BOYS (737-2697).

Information Collection and Use: We are the sole owner of the information collected at our Locations, on our Web site or contests in which you participate. We will not sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We collect information from our guests at several different locations in our Web site, through contests in various media and at our Locations. We use this information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and to provide products/services and support our business functions. We will only send you e-mail if you opt-in to receive them.

Registration: In order to get the most out of our Web site, guests are encouraged to first complete a Pep Boys Glovebox account registration form. During registration, a visitor is required to provide his or her contact information, such as name and e-mail address, shipping and billing information if placing an order, and vehicle information. This information is used to create a personal account for the visitor and to contact the Glovebox account holder regarding Pep Boys' products and services. Glovebox account holders receive updates via e-mail or text messages regarding the status of their orders, as they flow through the delivery process or the status of their vehicle during the service process. If you choose to check out as a guest the information you enter will be used for the purposes of that order, but will not be saved on our Web site and you will have to re-enter it every time you use guest checkout.

Order: We request information from the guest on our order form. A guest must provide contact information, such as name, shipping and billing address and e-mail address and financial information, such as credit card number, expiration date and card verification code. This information is used for billing purposes. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the guest. We may also use your phone number to identify your order and/or return in our system or on the return mailing label. The contact information may also be used to contact the guest about Pep Boys' products and services if the guest opt-ins to receive e-mail. You may create a Glovebox account during the ordering process, but you are not required to do so.

Cookies and Web Beacons: A cookie is a piece of data that contains information about the guest’s visit to our Web site and is stored in the guest’s Web browser. Usage of cookies is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our Web site. Once a guest closes the Web browser, the cookies are stored for up to 30 days. With a cookie from our Web site, the guest may not have to login with a guest name and password more than once per visit, thereby saving time while on our Web site. If a guest rejects cookies from our Web site, the guest may still use our Web site, but would have to re-enter certain information, such as guest name, password, favorite store and/or vehicle information. If a guest rejects the cookies, the guest may not be able to login. Without logging in, the guest will still be able to access our Web site, but will not have access to certain parts of the Web site. Cookies may also enable us to track and target the interests of our guests to enhance their experience each time they visit our Web site.

Certain pages may have "web beacons”, pixels or tags, for our internal use only to obtain information regarding your IP address, state and zip code of your IP address, browser type, URL of the viewed page and the time of viewing when you view a page that contains a beacon, pixel or tag. We also partner with third parties that may view this data or place ‘beacons’, pixels or tags to assist us with tracking the efficacy of our website, marketing efforts and/or other products and services we offer or to determine how guests use our Web site. To opt out of aggregation and analysis of data collected by our third party, Omniture (www.omniture.com), please [[click here](http://omnituremarketing.d1.sc.omtrdc.net/optout.html?popup=1).

Log Files: We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Web site, track guestguests’ movements and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, including operating systems, browser information and referring and subsequent sites. Such information is not linked to personally identifiable information. Cookies and log files may be placed or tracked by our Web-analytics providers.

Emails, Promotions, Surveys, Contests and User Generated Content: From time-to-time, we may request information from guests via sale announcements, surveys, contests, ratings, reviews or other guest-generated content. Participation in those activities is completely voluntary and therefore, the guest has a choice whether to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information, such as name and shipping address, and demographic information, such as ZIP code and age information. Information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use of and satisfaction with our Web site, and for contacting guests about Pep Boys' products and services.

QR Codes: We may use QR codes for promotions, contests, special events, or other offers. Scanning one of our QR codes may initiate an invitation on your mobile device to join our mailing list. To sign up, we ask you for certain information including your name, mailing address, email address, telephone numbers. We may use the information collected to communicate products, services and promotions information to you.

E-mail a Friend: If a guest elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our online store, we ask the guest for the friend's name and e-mail address. We will automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting the friend to visit the Web site. We do not retain information on your friend.

Mobile: You can sign up to receive communications about our products and services via a mobile device. If you utilize this, we may send you communications by text message or call. You can opt out of receiving these communications by texting “STOP” to 32075, emailing us at [contactus@pepboys.com](mailto:contactus@pepboys.com) or calling 1-800-PEP-BOYS (737-2697). Standard text rates for your individual cellular contract may apply. We are not responsible for costs imposed by your carrier.

Sharing: We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners. This information is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We partner with third parties to provide services to support our business. For example, we use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and one or more processing companies to collect credit card information and bill guests for goods and services, and to monitor for fraud. We also partner with other third-parties to provide specific services. For example, our Web site is hosted by a third–party, so it may also receive certain information about you. We may share names, credit card information or other personally identifiable information that is necessary for the third party to provide those services. We do not authorize those third-parties or shipping companies to use personally identifiable information, except for the purpose of providing services to us. However, we have no control over the disclosure and use policies, and practices of any of these third-parties. They may store your information in locations where they have facilities. We may share your information with our wholly-owned subsidiaries and affiliates or in the event of a corporate merger, acquisition, sale, dissolution or similar event. If we believe we are required by a valid law, rule, regulation or court order to share information about our guests, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the safety or rights of Pep Boys, its associates, customers or third parties, we may do so.

Links: Our Web site may contain links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our guests to be aware of the Web sites they visit when they leave our Web site and to read the privacy policies of each and every Web site that may collect personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected on our Web site, as we described herein.

Security: We want our guests to feel confident when they use our Web site and trust us with their personal information. We take every commercially reasonable precaution to protect our guests’ personal information both online and offline. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of information provided to us and guests do so at their own risk. 

Guests may chose to create a user name and password in order to complete the Glovebox registration process, or make an appointment or purchase. Please keep this information confidential.

When our registration/order form asks guests to enter sensitive information, such as charge card number, that information is encrypted using standards-based Web technologies called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS). While on a secure, encrypted page, such as our checkout pages, the padlock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Internet Explorer, Firefox and Safari will change from unlocked to locked. 

If you have any questions about the security of your information, please contact us at [contactus@pepboys.com](mailto:contactus@pepboys.com) or call 1-800-PEP-BOYS (737-2697).

Supplementation of Information: In order for us to properly fulfill our obligations to our guests, it is necessary for us to correct or supplement the information we receive with information from third-parties. That information is limited to information about products to be displayed, as part of our electronic catalog and other information that allows us to sell and ship products to consumers, improve our services, and detect and prevent fraud. Guest profiles or other sensitive guest information are not shared as part of that interaction.

Special Offers: Upon registration, our system sends all new guests a welcoming e-mail to verify password and user name. Registered guests who have opted to receive e-mail from us will occasionally receive information about Pep Boys' products, services and promotional events.

Site and Service Updates: For those guests who have opted to receive e-mail from us, we also send the updates about our products and services. We communicate with the guest to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via e-mail or phone.

Correction and Updating Personal Information: If a guest’s personally identifiable information changes, such as your address, wishes to update their preferences or if a guest no longer desires our services, we will correct, update or remove that guest’s personal data provided to us. That can usually be done through the guest’s Glovebox account or by contacting us at [contactus@pepboys.com](mailto:contactus@pepboys.com) or call 1-800-PEP-BOYS (737-2697).

General Audience Web Site: Our Web site is a general audience Web site that is not geared towards children. We do not knowingly collect information about children under the age of 13.

Notification of Changes: Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on 10/1/2012. 
