> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mmm100.net privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171213031925id_/http%3A//mmm100.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Effective Date: August, 8th , 2017 

**Registration**

THIS IS AN ADULTS ONLY SERVICE. We will suspend or terminate any accounts which we believe are being used by anyone under the age of eighteen (18) years old or the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you view the Sites; additionally, we reserve the right to report such person to the proper authorities along with all information provided to us by or with respect to such person. 

  
Your name, physical address, phone number and password are considered confidential. However, all information you provide to us may be shared with other third parties as necessary to comply with applicable law, to cooperate with law enforcement and the court system. 

**Registration**

During sign up we require that you provide us with certain information which may include Account Data (i.e., your name, physical address, email address, phone number, username, and password), along with "Demographic Information". Demographic Information may include IP address(es), referring website information, Internet browser used, zip code and/or other data regarding search history, browsing history, registration and user history. 

We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. 

We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. 

Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. 

**Your Access to and Control Over Information**

You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website: 

  * See what data we have about you, if any.
  * Change/correct any data we have about you.
  * Have us delete any data we have about you.
  * Express any concern you have about our use of your data.



**Security**

We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. 

Wherever we collect sensitive information , that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. 

While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. 

**Use of Cookies and Spyware**

We never use or install spyware on your computer or device, nor do we use spyware to retrieve information from your computer or device. 

Like many websites, we use "cookies," which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences. We use cookies to track use of our Website and online services. We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the Website and make it easier and/or relevant for your use. You may occasionally get cookies from companies advertising on our behalf. We do not control these cookies, and these cookies are not subject to this Privacy Policy. 

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. For more information on cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information provided by the Interactive Advertising Bureau at www.allaboutcookies.org. 

This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics may also use cookies to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Website, compile reports on Website activity, and provide other services related to Website activity and usage. The cookies may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website. The Website does not use Google Analytics to gather any Personal Information. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google's privacy policies. 

We may also share the aggregate Demographic Information with third parties for the purposes of analyzing usage data, maintaining servers and other purposes relating to maintaining and improving our service and the Sites. 

User login information must be protected by the User. We advise all Users NOT to share username or password details with anyone. It is the User's responsibility to keep password information confidential. A User's account may be deactivated for abuse if We assess that a User's login details have been used by someone other than the registered User . 

**Links**

This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. 

We may change this privacy policy at any time. You agree that we are under no duty to send you notice of such changes. Instead it is your responsibility to check this Privacy Policy from time to time. No change in the privacy policy will be effective until thirty (30) days after it is posted, unless the privacy policy has clear language indicating otherwise. 

  
Feel free to contact Us : [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) for Any questions 
