> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sju.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190718190432id_/https%3A//www.sju.edu/web-site-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Web Site Privacy Policy | Saint Joseph's University

This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for Saint Joseph’s University (“SJU”) websites under the SJU.edu domain.

We have created this statement to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our sites, unless you voluntarily choose to provide such information to us. This policy is your guide as to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our sites.

Our Privacy Policy explains:

  * The types of information we may collect or that you may provide when you use our sites
  * Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information



**Online Profile Updates**

If you complete the Profile update form and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary.

**Sending us an Email**

You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a Web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer your questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest. If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested.

**Device information**

We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). We may collect information about the computer, mobile device or other device you use to access our sites, such as IP address, geolocation information, browser type, date and time of your request, browser language or other information of this nature. We use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to our sites. Web server logs are retained on a temporary basis and then deleted from our systems.

In addition, we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:

  1. To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our organization;
  2. To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an email address as part of the Online Profile, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients;
  3. For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
  4. With your consent;
  5. To comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
  6. To enforce our rights;
  7. If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of SJU, our students, staff, faculty, administrators, our community or others; and/or
  8. To detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.



Some sections of SJU-owned websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., or other similar third party tools. These services uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our sites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website includes your IP address. This information will be transmitted to and stored by the third party on its servers. The third party will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to Internet usage. The third party may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on the third party vendor’s behalf. By using our sites, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google and other third parties in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**Cookies**

Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer (unless you block them). We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.

**Third-Party Cookies**

Cookies may be set by an organization other than SJU. These “third-party cookies” may, for example, originate from websites such as YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, Google Plus or other social media services for which SJU has implemented “plug-ins.” Since the cookie policies of these sites change over time, you should determine their policies by visiting the privacy policy pages of these sites directly.

You may disable cookies through your individual browser options, although this may reduce some site functionality. If you would like to learn more about cookies please refer to the following website:[ http://www.allaboutcookies.org/](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/)

**Links to Third-Party Websites**

We may provide hyperlinks to third-party websites as a convenience to users of our sites. SJU does not control third-party websites and is not responsible for the content of any linked-to third-party websites or any hyperlink in a linked-to website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third-party websites.

**Web Beacons and Other Technologies**

We may use standard internet technology, such as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) and other similar technologies, to track your use of our sites. The sites and related communications may contain small electronic files known as web beacons that permit SJU, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain content and verifying system and server integrity). We also may include web beacons in our e-mail messages or other communications to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. The information we may obtain in this manner would enable us to customize our sites and to measure the overall effectiveness of our sites, content, programming, or other activities.

**Information Protection**

To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information we gather about you, we have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the information. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.

**Children and Privacy**

SJU does not operate sites or online services directed to children. We do not solicit or knowingly collect any information from visitors under 13 years of age. Please do not use our sites if you are not yet 13.

**Changes to the Privacy Policy**

We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page.

The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes.

**Questions about our policies**

Your privacy is important to us. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact us at [privacy@sju.edu](mailto:privacy@sju.edu).
