> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 4club.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141211043121id_/http%3A//www.4club.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 4Club

Article 1. Protection of privacy and handling personal information 

4CLUB abides by the international norms in vigor concerning the protection of privacy and handlig personal information. Some information, signs or content (photographs or personal information) that members have the possibility of entering by engaging their own liability can reveal their social and ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, political opinions, membership to political parties, trade union associations or organisations as well as personal information from which their health conditions or sexual life can be deduced. By entering such optional information at their own free will, the member expresses consent to 4CLUB to process such 'sensitive' data and takes the whole responsability.   
Furthermore, personal information collected (including but not limited to: members email addresses, landline and/or mobile telephone numbers, text messages, interests and how they use the service) in compliance with law will be used both for internal communications concerning services offered by 4CLUB.

Every user can send an email at [help@4club.com](mailto:help@4club.com) for everything regarding privacy concerns. The user must specify his/her nickname, password and email address in order to acces his personal information and have them modified, deleted or to forbid a specific use of them by 4CLUB, following the methods described in this article at n°1.4 ('Person in charge of handling personal information'). Each member can, at the entry or at any later time, ask to receive and then ask for free via 4CLUB to stop receiving the 4CLUB newsletter and/or promotional offers sent via mail or by phone from 4CLUB or its partners.

The personal information gathered by 4CLUB may include members' email address, information about their physical appearance, users' interests and how they enjoy the Service.  
Furthermore, some non-personal information can be collected, such as the browser version (Internet Explorer, Mozilla, etc.), operating system used by the user (Windows 98, Windows Vista, Windows 7 Mac OS, etc) and the IP address of the computer used. 4CLUB can use cookies whose purpose is to save the Member's identification information while visiting 4CLUB, to prevent the Member from having to enter them manually for every page visited. Members can prevent the use of cookies any time they want by changing their Internet browser settings.  
By sending or entering personal information at 4CLUB site, the user accepts the methods and purposes of the processing thereof and expresses his/her consent for their use according to the provisions of this article. 4CLUB gathers personal information sent voluntarily by its users at the 4CLUB web site and binds itself not to disclose the personal information in any way.

  * While signing up to 4CLUB network, there will be collected the following information: nickname, email address, sex, birth date, nationality, place of residence, places where to seek contacts, personal sexual preferences; wanted sexual preferences; photos and videos;
  * If other personal information is saved in the profile, 4CLUB collects that information as well.
  * If personal information is entered (including but not limited to: 'sexual preference' using one of the functions of 4CLUB network, that information is subject to data gathering (published information).
  * If the user contacts 4CLUB by email, the email address and the information contained in the message will be stored



After signing up for 4CLUB and accessing the services, the user is no longer anonymous. A user will be anonymous if he/she visits the Website without signing up for 4CLUB. If further information is made available in the personal Information section, it will be collected using adequate technology.

This website uses Google Analytics, a service of web analysis provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses some "cookies", which are text files stored in your computer, to allow the website, analyze how users use the website. The outcome of these cookies, on how the website is used by you (including your IP address), will be transmitted and stored at the US Google server. Google will use this information to track and examine your website usage, fill in reports on the website activity for the website's operators and supply other services related to the website's activity and to the Internet usage. Google may transmit this information to third parties, where required by the law, or in case these third parties treat the data on behalf of Google. Google will never link your IP address to any other data owned by Google. You may refuse to use the cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, but this might prevent you from using all the features of this website. By using this website, you agree to your data being processed by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

  * Personal data is processed electronically only, and it is handled using a computer-based authentication system. The user's information is archived in protected databases and can be accessed only by those in charge of handling them and in case of need only.
  * The personal information provided by the user during sign-up, which is not a part of his/her personal presentation will not be accessible to third parties, nor will they be transmitted, sold or exchanged, except for the cases mentioned below and provided that the user has been informed in advance and the user's consent has been obtained or in case the user has not objected expressly thereto.
  * When signing up the user gives his/her consent to transmit his/her personal information to 4CLUB partners for marketing and promotional purposes. At any later time the user, if he/she prefers not to receive offers which 4CLUB or its partners might send him/her, can cancel his personal profile at the section: my account/email service.
  * Sometimes 4CLUB can give general social-demographic information to some of its partners anonymously to conduct statistical studies and/or promotional surveys (for age groups, sex, etc). In those cases, no information will be used to identify individual users.
  * The contents published at registration, when choosing research parameters and defining can be accessed at the 4CLUB site and by email (newsletter). Furthermore this information can be divulged by 4CLUB or other web sites or other means of electronic communication (email, text messaging, etc.) or audiovisual (radio, television, etc.) or by press (newspapers, magazines, etc.).



Please refer to the provisions of art. 1.5 'Intellectual property' as regards intellectual property rights on the contents. Members have the right to delete such content from the site at any time by terminating their contract with 4CLUB, according to the provisions of art. 6 of Terms & Conditions. Since it concerns information available in the announcement, research criteria and the presentation of the Member, the data will be eliminated definitively only after the next time the (printed, audiovisual or digital) communication means containing the Member's contents have been updated or modified.

The person in charge of the Processing sensitive information is the company Tekka Date SA, the owner of 4CLUB service, headquartered in Via Trevano 7, 6900 Lugano, Switzerland. The data and the www.4club.com site are protected at the headquarters of the Person in charge of processing the information.  
The Member can contact at any time, by sending an email to [help@4club.com](mailto:help@4club.com), the Person in charge of processing the information in order to obtain confirmation whether his/her personal data exists or not, even if they're not saved yet and have them communicated in an intelligible way.  
Furthermore, the Member has the right to request the Person in charge of processing personal information to delete his/her personal information (by that, it is meant to destroy such information without any possibility to restore it), transform it into anonymous form (changing the data into anonymous format) or to freeze the processing of their personal data (conserving the data by temporarily suspending any kind of processing).  
The Member has the right to object to the handling of any personal data that concern him/her, in whole or partly, on legitimate grounds, even if they are relevant to the purpose of the collection or are used for sending advertisement, direct sales, market research purposes or commercial communication.

Contents divulgated by 4CLUB  
4CLUB websites, services, logos, graphics, animations, videos and texts contained at 4CLUB site are the intellectual property of Tekka Date SA and users and/or members can not reproduce, use or represent them in any way or modality; offenders will be subject to legal action.  
All intellectual and industrial property rights protected based on copyright laws or other provisions concerning software, programs and computer systems regarding the Service, 4CLUB's site and/or databanks, made available to the user or member in any form or format, will continue to be the exclusive property of 4CLUB, which grants the user or member a non-exclusive, non-transferable personal end-user license in compliance with these terms and conditions. The right to use is strictly limited to the access and on-line use of 4CLUB site and services for private and personal uses exclusively pertaining to and during the validity of 4CLUB membership. Any other use is prohibited.  
In particular, members or users cannot edit, copy, reproduce, download, publish, transmit, commercially make use of and/or distribute services and the content of 4CLUB site or the computer programming codes of the elements comprising the services and 4CLUB site by any means.

Contents divulgated by Members  
Members bear the exclusive responsibility for contents, such as, profiles, messages divulgated and broadcast at 4CLUB site. By publishing or broadcasting such content at 4CLUB site, members authorize 4CLUB expressly to reproduce, represent, adapt, translate, convert into digital format, extract completely or partially such content for any advertisement, marketing or any other purpose, to grant or authorize subcontracts, at 4CLUB site or any other partner channel of the site, on any support or by any broadcasting means, especially digital means (email, SMS, Internet, CD-Rom or DVD-Rom) or audio-visual communication (press, radio, terrestrial, digital, cable or satellite television.). The Member explicitly authorizes 4CLUB to modify the above mentioned content in order to comply with the site's design or other media of communication mentioned above and / or to make them compatible with its technical processes or appropriate media formats. The member cannot copy, reproduce or otherwise use the content relating to other members except for the narrow needs of using the Services for personal and private.  
Members and/or users are banned from publishing or broadcasting content that may violate third-party intellectual property rights at the site or through 4CLUB's services by any means.

Member’s Obligation to Comply with 18 U.S.C. 2257 With Respect to Certain Content

You should be aware that, pursuant to federal law, any visual depictions that you post on the Site that portray actual sexually explicit conduct, depictions of the genitals or pubic area, or simulated sexually explicit activity, as such terms are defined in 18 U.S.C. §2256 (2)(A)(i)-(v) and 18 U.S.C. §2257A, require that you maintain the records required by 18 U.S.C. 2257 and must contain an "18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement." Your failure to comply with the provisions of 18 U.S.C. 2257 may make you subject to criminal and civil prosecution for the violation of 18 U.S.C. 2257.

The user hereby agrees and warrants that the above contents, including personal pictures, videos are posted by the user and the user is the exclusive author of the content, including photos, videos and profile, and that the use of such content by us does not infringe the rights of any third party and complies with 18 U.S.C. 2257

4CLUB undertakes no obligation to publish content submitted by you or anyone else. Although we do not examine and we can not review every message and photograph or other material posted or sent by users of the Service and we are not responsible for the content of these messages or materials, we reserve the right, but assume no obligation, except as required by applicable law, to monitor, delete, move or edit messages, photographs or any of the material above, including, without limitation, announcements, profiles, public publications, photographs and messages which, in our sole discretion, we believe to violate these Terms or any guidelines applicable to the content, or are deemed otherwise unacceptable. The user is the solely responsible for the content of profiles, publications, public, photographs and any other material that the user uploads to the Service or for the users of the Service. We do not guarantee the accuracy of information provided by other users of the Service, or assume any responsibility to carry out checks to that effect.
