> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ecarnegietech.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-03-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110307070139id_/http%3A//www.ecarnegietech.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BizReferrals

The mission of eCarnegieTech is to enable small businesses to leverage their network to get more leads. We have setup default profiles for some businesses based on information gathered from public sources such as the business’s registration with the Secretary of State. The owner or manager of a business is allowed to claim, and thereby control content of the profile for their business. The owner or manager is also allowed to delete the profile and all its related content from the site.   
In order to connect with others on eCarnegieTech, you may send invitations either to their eCarnegieTech profiles or email addresses. The names and emails of people you invite will be used to send your invitations and reminders and will allow you to expand your network. You may not invite anyone you do not know and trust to connect with you.

You may also choose to manually enter or upload data about your contacts to the “Contacts” section of your account on eCarnegieTech. Information entered into Contacts is only viewable by you. By providing email addresses or other information of non-Users to eCarnegieTech, you represent that you have authority to do so. All information that you enter or upload about your contacts will be covered by the [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/tos) and this Privacy Policy and will enable us to provide customized services such as suggesting people to connect with on eCarnegieTech.

Maintaining your trust is our top concern, so we have the following principles to protect your privacy:   
We do not rent or sell information to third parties for marketing purposes.   
We do not share any information you have not chosen to display on your eCarnegieTech profile to other parties, unless compelled by law, or as necessary to enforce our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/tos) or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of eCarnegieTech, its Users, and the public.   
All information that you provide will be protected with industry standard protocols and technology.

We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. By continuing to use the eCarnegieTech service after notice of changes has been sent to you or published on the eCarnegieTech website, you are consenting to the changes.

Please read this policy and send us questions, concerns and suggestions at [customer-service@ecarnegietech.com](mailto:customer-service@ecarnegietech.com)   
Like most websites, we use cookies and web log files to track site usage and trends, to improve the quality of our service, to customize your experience on eCarnegieTech. We do not use cookies for advertising, nor do we share this cookie data with advertisers. A cookie is a tiny data file that resides on your computer, mobile phone, or other device, and allows us to recognize you as a User when you return to the eCarnegieTech website using the same computer and web browser. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases that may impact your ability to use eCarnegieTech. One type of cookie, known as a “persistent” cookie, is set once you’ve logged in to your eCarnegieTech account. The next time you visit the eCarnegieTech website, the persistent cookie will allow us to recognize you as an existing User so you will not need to log in before using the Services.

If you connect your account with your Facebook account, we may use the Facebook information that you choose to share via your Facebook settings to suggest other businesses that you may want to connect with on BizReferrals and we may use that information to suggest to those same businesses that they connect with your business.

Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from eCarnegieTech. Also, if we send communications to you via the carrier service with which you have a mobile communications subscription or otherwise have access, you understand you will pay any service fees associated with your receipt of messages on your mobile device (including text messaging charges).   
Due to the communications standards on the internet, when you visit the eCarnegieTech website we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave eCarnegieTech. eCarnegieTech also receives the internet protocol (“IP”) address of your computer (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using, email patterns, mobile device operating system (if you are accessing eCarnegieTech using a mobile device), as well as the name of your ISP or your mobile carrier. We use this information to analyze overall trends to help improve the service. The linkage between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties without your permission, except as described in Section 2.K (“Compliance with Legal Process”), below.   
You have a right to access, modify, correct and eliminate the data you supplied to eCarnegieTech. If you update any of your information, we may keep a copy of the information that you originally provided to us in our archives for uses documented in this policy. You may request deletion of your information at any time by contacting eCarnegieTech customer service at [customer-service@ecarnegietech.com](mailto:customer-service@ecarnegietech.com). We will respond to your request typically within 1 day, but definitely within 10 days.   
It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information, profile information and/or information about your activities as a eCarnegieTech User when required by subpoena or other legal process, or if eCarnegieTech has a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to (a) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (b) to enforce the [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/tos), to investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property or personal safety of eCarnegieTech, our Users, employees, or others.

We may also disclose your personal information and other information you provide to another third party as part of a reorganization or a sale of the assets of eCarnegieTech Corporation, a subsidiary or division. Any third party to which eCarnegieTech transfers or sells eCarnegieTech’s assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us.

You can close your account through the eCarnegieTech customer service site. If you close your eCarnegieTech account, we will remove your name and other personally identifiable information from our publicly viewable database. If you close your account, we have no obligation to retain your information, and may delete any or all of your account information without liability. However, we may retain certain data contributed by you if eCarnegieTech believes it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, non-personally identifiable data, account recovery, or if required by law. eCarnegieTech may also retain and use your information if necessary to provide the Services to other Users. For example, just as an email you may send to another person through an email service provider resides in that person’s inbox even after you delete it from your sent files or close your account, emails or InMails you send on eCarnegieTech to other Users, as well as your contributions to eCarnegieTech Answers or Groups, may remain visible to others after you have closed your account. Similarly, other information you have shared with others, or that other Users have copied, may also remain visible. eCarnegieTech disclaims any liability in relation to the deletion or retention (subject to the terms herein) of information or any obligation not to delete the information. eCarnegieTech does not control when search engines update their cache, which may contain certain public profile information that has since been removed from eCarnegieTech’s publicly viewable database.

As a User, you have certain obligations to other Users. Some of these obligations are imposed by applicable law and regulations, and others have become commonplace in user-friendly communities of like-minded members such as eCarnegieTech:

You must, at all times, abide by the terms and conditions of the then-current Privacy Policy and [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/tos). This includes respecting all intellectual property rights that may belong to third parties (such as trademarks or photographs).   
You must not download or otherwise disseminate any information that may be deemed to be injurious, violent, offensive, racist or xenophobic, or which may otherwise violate the purpose and spirit of eCarnegieTech and its community of Users.   
You must not provide to eCarnegieTech and/or other Users information that you believe might be injurious or detrimental to your person or to your professional or social status.   
You must keep your username and password confidential and not share it with others.

Any violation of these guidelines may lead to the restriction, suspension or termination of your account at the sole discretion of eCarnegieTech.

Children are not eligible to use our service and we ask that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal information to us or use the service.

Please note that by becoming a User, you have given us your express and informed consent to transfer the data that you provide to us to the United States and to process it in the United States.

We may update this Privacy Policy at any time, with or without advance notice. In the event there are significant changes in the way we treat your personally identifiable information, or in the Privacy Policy document itself, we will display a notice on the eCarnegieTech website or send you an email, as provided for above. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that eCarnegieTech has about you and your account.

Using the eCarnegieTech Services after a notice of changes has been sent to you or published on our site shall constitute consent to the changed terms or practices.

In order to help secure your personal information, access to your data on eCarnegieTech is password-protected, and sensitive data is protected by SSL encryption when it is exchanged between your web browser and the eCarnegieTech website. However, since the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to eCarnegieTech. There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information. Please note that emails, instant messaging, and similar means of communication with other Users of eCarnegieTech are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means.

If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please email us at [customer-service@ecarnegietech.com](mailto:customer-service@ecarnegietech.com) or contact us at:

eCarnegieTech * Nasa Research Park, Building 23 * Moffett Field, CA 94035-1000
