> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the artcenter.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130523173510id_/http%3A//www.artcenter.edu/accd/privacy_policy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# | Pasadena, CA | Learn to Create. Influence Change.

Art Center College of Design™ (“Art Center”) has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting users’ personal information and informing you about how we handle it. This privacy policy applies to transactions and activities on the Art Center websites accessible to the public without password (the “Websites”) and does not apply to any other web site or offline point of contact between you and Art Center, its staff, faculty or students. Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may modify it from time to time. This privacy policy was last revised on July 15, 2009. **Each time you visit the Site or provide us with information, by doing so you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time.**

**Your IP Address.** Like most business websites, each time you visit the Site, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize the Site for you and to diagnose problems with our Site, we use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you. 

**Cookies.** Like most websites, the Site uses cookies to keep track of your activity on the Site and enhance your experience on the Site. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. 

**Information We Collect From You.** In addition to your IP Address and “cookies”, the only personal information we collect from you that could be used to identify you is your machine’s hostname (also known as machine name) and/or the domain name of the preceding site from which you came to visit the Site. We use your hostname and/or the domain name information to gather statistical information on our Site usage. We do not knowingly collect any information, personal or otherwise from children under the age of 13 without the express consent of their parent or guardian. 

**Information Other Web Sites Collect From You.** On the Site, we may place links to other websites operated by other parties. Some of these other websites contain our organization’s name and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other websites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other websites or these other websites' business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other websites. Consequently, the operators of these other websites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the Site. We encourage you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions. 

**How We Use Personal Information.** We use your personal information to fulfill specific requests that you might make for information about Art Center’s various programs, services and special events and, if you agree, to send you email other information relating to Art Center College of Design™. We carefully select the information we send to you and attempt to send you information of value to you, such as news about Art Center, special opportunities or special event information. The Site provides you with the option of declining to receive offers from Art Center by "opting-out" of receiving this type of communication. 

**How We Use Financial Information.** On the limited occasion in which we collect any financial information from you, we only use your financial information to fulfill orders you place on or through the web sites. Any financial information we collect from you is directly forwarded to our fulfillment service. Information is collected on secured sites operated by or on behalf of Art Center for specific transactions and services.

**Our Security Precautions, Location of Information.** The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computer networks which may be located outside of the state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction in which you reside, and the countries in which these computer networks are located may not have privacy laws as protective as the laws in your country. 

**How You Can Access and Update Your Email Preferences, Personal Information and Public/Private Designations.** Art Center is not responsible for information collected on your computer on behalf of other sites where that information is save in cookies. 

**Disputes.** By using this Site, you agree to be bound by our [Terms of Use](http://www.artcenter.edu/accd/terms.jsp#terms). You also agree that any unresolved disputes arising from your use of the Site, services obtained from or purchases made from the Site and/or any disputes arising from this Privacy Policy shall be governed by California law. You agree that venue for resolving such disputes shall be in Los Angeles County, California. 

**Questions.** If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with the Site, you can contact the Department of Marketing and Communications by email at [mktngcomm@artcenter.edu](mailto:mktngcomm@artcenter.edu).
