> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the artforum.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191209225717id_/https%3A//www.artforum.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Artforum International

This privacy policy governs the use of all of the websites owned or operated by Artforum International Magazine, Inc. including artforum.com, bookforum.com, and artforum.com.cn. Artforum takes the protection of your personal data very seriously and strictly adheres to the applicable data protection laws. Please note our digital services may contain links to other websites of third party service providers to which this data protection declaration does not apply.

artforum.com, bookforum.com, and artforum.com.cn collect information from users through voluntary submissions, traffic data, and cookie technology. Every time a user visits our sites we count, track, and aggregate the user’s activity into our analysis of general website traffic. However, our analytics recognizes no information regarding the individual identity or e-mail addresses of our users.

In order to access some parts of our websites and to subscribe to our free e-mail newsletters we require an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided. For this purpose, we will ask you to double opt-in by sending a message to the specified e-mail address with a confirmation link. In addition, we store your IP address and the time of registration and confirmation so that we can prove your registration. We do not collect any further data in this context.

Our websites use Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies,” a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and stored on your computer. Passwords are saved in cookies to avoid users having to repeatedly log in when they want to enter artforum.com, bookforum.com, and artforum.com.cn. Cookies may also be used to remember your activities and facilitate navigation as well as to track your visits to the website. You may prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting the settings of your browser. By doing so, however, you may not be able to use all features of our websites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually sent to and stored at a Google server in the USA. You can find more information concerning the treatment of user data by Google Analytics in Google’s Privacy Policy.

Artforum also tracks the number of visitors to our sites in aggregate form to allow us to update and improve them. The information you provide helps us to make our sites better and more responsive to our users. We do not target advertising or sponsorships, though we may occasionally send you a promotional offer via e-mail if you so choose in your user profile. At our discretion, we may make the information about artforum.com, bookforum.com, and artforum.com.cn’s users available in aggregate form, with no personal identifiers, to help describe and identify our users to business partners, co-branded sites, the industry, the public, as well as our advertisers. We do not share any detailed individual member information with other companies.

If you wish to subscribe to our print publications via our websites, you will be required to provide your name, e-mail address, and a physical address. Your financial details will be shared with our payment system provider in order to complete your transaction. Your financial details will not be held by Artforum. Similarly, if you wish to purchase other products from us such as a digital or back issue, you will be required to sign up to the website and provide certain personal data in order to enable us to complete your purchase. You may also provide us with data when you enter a competition, promotion or survey, attend an event, and when you report a problem with our website. The data you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, and phone number.

We process your communication data (name, e-mail address) in order to be able to contact you. Personal data that you provide to us will only be processed for correspondence with you or only for the purpose for which you have made the data available to us. Your personal data is transmitted encrypted. We use the SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protocol. Furthermore, we protect our websites and other systems through technical and organizational measures against loss, destruction, access, modification, or distribution of your data by unauthorized persons. All data you give us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.

We do not sell, share, rent, or intentionally make publicly available users’ personal information, including e-mail addresses, except as provided herein. This information is used by artforum.com, bookforum.com, and artforum.com.cn only for internal purposes. We have the following exceptions to these policies: We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order. In addition, we may process your data to fulfill legal obligations (e.g. regulatory requirements, commercial and tax storage and proof obligations). We will also release specific information in special cases, such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the sites, or a physical threat to you or others.

You can revoke your consent to receive e-mail communication from us and unsubscribe at any time. You can cancel your enrollment by clicking on the link provided in every e-mail, by e-mail to [dataprivacy@artforum.com](mailto:dataprivacy@artforum.com), or by contacting us via telephone, letter, or fax.

By visiting artforum.com, bookforum.com, and artforum.com.cn, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of the sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.

All questions regarding this privacy statement should be addressed to [dataprivacy@artforum.com](mailto:dataprivacy@artforum.com%3C)

Or

Attn.: Privacy Policy  
Artforum International  
350 Seventh Avenue, 19th floor  
New York, New York 10001  
(212) 475-4000
