> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the articlestunner.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181224103056id_/http%3A//www.articlestunner.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Article Stunner

**Privacy policy** Updated: august 2017 Media Execution, LLC (hereinafter “Media Execution”, “we”, “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users and proudly promote this privacy policy to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy is intended to describe for you the users of www.ArticleStunner.com with how you provide us with information through various means such as registering with our site, any mail-in entries for sweepstakes or contests. The information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. We encourage you to read this privacy policy carefully when using our services or transacting business with us. By using www.ArticleStunner.com, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. Www.ArticleStunner.com is a part of the Media Execution, LLC family of businesses. Information we collect about you: generally: we may collect personal information that can identify you such as; your name and email address so long as you agree to provide permission to collect said information. However, we may collect other anonymous information that does not identify you, which we use to improve your online experience. When you provide personal information to www.ArticleStunner.com, the information may be sent to servers located in the United States and other countries around the world. Information you provide: we may collect and store any personal information you enter on www.ArticleStunner.com or provide to us in some other manner including through tweeting, surveys or contests conducted on www.ArticleStunner.com. This includes identifying information, such as your name, address, email address, and telephone number, and, if you transact business with us, financial information such as your payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information). We also may request information about your interests and activities, your gender and age, and other demographic information as well as public information such as user ratings and reviews, saved restaurant and event listings, and other information you view on www.ArticleStunner.com or its business partners’ websites. Google AdSense and the DoubleClick dart cookie google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to supply ads on our site. The use of dart cookies by google enables them to supply adverts tο visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet. To opt out of the dart cookies you may visit the google ad and content network privacy policy аt thе subsequent url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html tracking οf users through thе dart cookie mechanisms аrе subject tο Google’s οwn privacy policies. If you have not opted out of third-party ad serving, the cookies of other third-party vendors or ad networks may also be used to serve ads on to our via our site. If you wish to opt out of the cookies used by google or any third party vendor please visit their site to stop the use of them. In the alternative, you can opt out of some third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting aboutads.info. Other technologies: we may use standard internet technology, such as web beacons and other similar technologies, to track your use of domain.com. We also may include web beacons in promotional or other email messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. Information collected by third-parties: at times we may allow third-parties, including our authorized service providers, advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements or provide applications and services on domain.com. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies or web beacons, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements or use their applications and services. Guru media, nor domain.com provides any personal information to these third parties. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and personalize online experiences as well as gauge their effectiveness. If such vendors are used, you will have the ability to opt out of such cookies on each vendor site. Use of cookies, web beacons and other technology to collect information: we use various technologies to collect information from your computer and about your activities on www.ArticleStunner.com. Information collected automatically: we automatically collect information from your browser each time you visit www.ArticleStunner.com. This information includes your ip address, your browser type and language, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us (see “cookies” below), and the referring website address. Cookies: when you visit www.ArticleStunner.com, we may assign your computer one or more cookies, to facilitate access to www.ArticleStunner.com. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on www.ArticleStunner.com. Please be aware that through the use of a cookie, we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on www.ArticleStunner.com, such as the web pages you visit, the links you click, and the searches you conduct on www.ArticleStunner.com. Other technologies: we may use standard internet technology, such as web beacons and other similar technologies, to track your use of www.ArticleStunner.com. We also may include web beacons in promotional or other email messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. Information collected by third-parties: at times we may allow third-parties, including our authorized service providers, advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements or provide applications and services on www.ArticleStunner.com. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies or web beacons, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements or use their applications and services. Media execution, LLC, nor www.ArticleStunner.com provides any personal information to these third parties. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and personalize online experiences as well as gauge their effectiveness. How we use the information we collect: generally: we may use information that we collect aboutYou to: (a)deliver the products and services that you have requested; (b) manage your account and provide you with customer support; (c) perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others; (d) communicate with you by email, postal mail, social websites, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties; (e) develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on www.ArticleStunner.com and other sites; (f) verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes; (g) enforce our terms and conditions; (h) manage our business and perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. Financial information: we may use financial information or payment method to process payment for any purchases made on domain.com to pre-qualify you for credit card and other offers that you might find of interest, to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed to manage our business. Please review “your choices about collection and use of your information” below. Who we share your information with: we want you to understand when and with whom we may share personal or other information we have collected about you or your activities on www.ArticleStunner.com or while using our services. Personal information: we do not share your personal information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared. We may share personal information with: authorized service providers: we may share your personal information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include processing credit card payments, delivering packages, providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis, supporting our website functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through www.ArticleStunner.com . These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes. Business partners: when you make purchases, reservations or engage in promotions offered through www.ArticleStunner.com or our services, we may share personal information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products, services, promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes. When you elect to engage in a particular merchant’s offer or program, you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant. Direct mail partners: from time to time we may share our postal mailing list with selected providers of goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive mailings from these providers, you can notify us at any time, via our contact page. We may disclose your information: in response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us. When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce www.ArticleStunner.com .s terms and conditions or other Media Execution agreements or policies. In connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy: the personal information which you provide to us is an asset of the company and may be included in the assets transferred in the event of a substantial corporate transaction. Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have their own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose personal information. Those policies will govern use, handling and disclosure of your personal information once we have shared it with those third partiesAs described in this privacy policy. If you want to learn more about their privacy practices, we encourage you to visit the websites of those third parties. These entities or their servers may be located either inside or outside the United States. Third-party websites: there are a number of places on www.ArticleStunner.com where you may click on a link to access other websites that do not operate under this privacy policy. For example, if you click on an advertisement or a search result on www.ArticleStunner.com, you may be taken to a website that we do not control. These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information, including personal information, from you and, in some instances, provide us with information about your activities on those websites. We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites you visit by clicking on the “privacy” link typically located at the bottom of the webpage you are visiting. Your choices about collection and use of your information: you can choose not to provide us with certain information, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features on www.ArticleStunner.com, because such information may be required in order for you to have personalized recommendations presented to you; register as a member or user; purchase products or services; participate in a tweeting, contests, promotions, surveys, or sweepstakes. At any time you can choose to no longer receive commercial or promotional emails or newsletters from us, you will be given the opportunity, in any commercial email that we send to you, to opt out of receiving such messages in the future. It may take up to 10 days for us to process an opt-out request. We may send you other types of transactional and relationship email communications, such as service announcements, administrative notices, and surveys, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. Please note that opting out of receipt of promotional email communications will only affect future activities or communications from us. If we have already provided your information to a third party (such as an event provider) before you have changed your preferences or updated your information, you may have to change you preferences directly with that third party. How we protect your personal information: we take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. For example, only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information, and they may do so only for permitted business functions. In addition, we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information. We want you to feel confident using www.ArticleStunner.com to transact business. However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, searches, or other communications will always remain secure. Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure email. Please refer to the federal trade commission’s website athttp://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data.shtm for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft. Blogs, bulletin boards, reviews and chat rooms: we may provide areas on our websites where you can post information about yourself and others and communicate with others, as well as post reviews of businesses, products, establishments, contractors, and the like, or upload content (e.g. Pictures, videos, audio files, etc.). Such postings are governed by our terms of use. In addition, such postings may appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting. Also, whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages, that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information. Children’s privacy: www.ArticleStunner.com is a general audience site,And we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Parents: we strongly encourage parents to spend time and monitor their children while they are online. We recommend that you spend time with your children while they are online to become familiar with the types of content available on the internet. Parents should monitor their children’s use of email and other online communications as well as transactional features. Control tools are available from online services and software manufacturers that can help provide a safe online environment for your kids. Visiting our websites from outside the United States: this privacy policy is intended to cover collection of information on www.ArticleStunner.com from residents of the United States. If you are visiting www.ArticleStunner.com from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the united states where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy. No rights of third parties: this privacy policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of www.ArticleStunner.com. Changes to this privacy policy: we will occasionally update this privacy policy to reflect changes in our practices and services. When we post changes to this privacy policy, we will revise the date at the top of this privacy policy. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you by sending an email to the email address you most recently provided us in your account, profile or registration (unless we do not have such an email address), and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on www.ArticleStunner.com. We recommend that you check www.ArticleStunner.com from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this privacy policy or any of our other policies. How to contact us: if you have any questions about this privacy policy or our information-handling practices, or if you would like to request information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please contact us via our contact page. A member of the company will respond to your request within 48 hours, excluding holidays or weekends. Www.ArticleStunner.com will take all steps necessary to protect the privacy of our users. California privacy rights: if you are a resident of California, in addition to the rights set forth above, you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. California law gives you the right to send us a request at a designated address to receive the following information: 1. The categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year; 2. The names and addresses of the third parties that received that information; and 3. If the nature of the third party’s business cannot be determined from their name, examples of the products or services marketed. We may provide this information in a standardized format that is not specific to you. All rights reserved. Cookies: a cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record keeping purposes. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies. A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate www.ArticleStunner.com. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. For example, when you sign in to www.ArticleStunner.com, we will record your user or member id and the name on your user or member account in the cookie file on your computer. We also may record your password in this cookie file, if you indicated that you would like your password saved for automatic sign-in. For security purposes, we will encrypt any usernames, passwords, and other user or member account-related data that we store in such cookies. We may allow our authorized serviceProviders to serve cookies from www.ArticleStunner.com to allow them to assist us in various activities, such as doing analysis and research on the effectiveness of www.ArticleStunner.com, content and advertising. You may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings (click “help” in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions.) If you do so, some of the features and services of www.ArticleStunner.com may not function properly. We may allow third-parties, advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements on www.ArticleStunner.com. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. Media execution, LLC nor www.ArticleStunner.com provides any personal information to these third parties, but they may collect information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw and/or clicked on the advertisements they deliver, and possibly associate this information with your subsequent visits to the advertised websites. They also may combine this information with personal information they collect from you. The collection and use of that information is subject to the third-party’s privacy policy. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness. Web beacons: web beacons (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags or web bugs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access cookies. Unlike cookies which are stored on the user’s computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on the web pages (or in email) and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Web beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with cookies, to count users who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns. We also may receive an anonymous identification number if you come to www.ArticleStunner.com from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website. Ip addresses: like most e-commerce websites, each time you visit www.ArticleStunner.com, we automatically collect your ip address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize www.ArticleStunner.com for you and all other consumers, and to diagnose problems with our site, we use your ip address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you the consumer. Third-party policy we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect data when you visit our web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site, other sites, and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp 
