> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the article-republic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090620182616id_/http%3A//www.article-republic.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Article Republic

##  Privacy Policy

Our goal at Article Republic is to provide our visitors numerous rewards of what Internet Technology can offer as well as to satisfy them with an experience that is interactive, personalized and far from other sites. Your Personally Identifiable Information which includes your name, e-mail address, street address and telephone number is subject to this privacy policy's terms. Third parties are not allowed to buy, barter, or rent your email address which is deemed unauthorized.

There are certain ways in which we get and maintain information from our users. This will depend on the type of page you are browsing, the activities you wish to join, as well as the the services you would like to avail. In order for you to access certain portions of our site or request specific features like newsletters or when you want to purchase a product, you may have to go over with the registration process wherein you may be asked to provide your information. In our site, you may supply information if you join in message boards, sweepstakes and contests and many other interactive areas provided. Article Republic, just like any other Web sites, automatically collects information and by using electronic tools that are not known to our visitors. We can make use of this by logging the name of your Internet Service Provider or we can also make use of the cookie technology to recognize repeated visits by our users and gather information from your visit. In addition to this, cookies are helpful for each time you visit our site, you will be freed from providing again your username and password. Furthermore, cookies control the number of times you bump into a certain advertisement encountered in our site. It is at your discretion to refuse our cookies, otherwise you will have to re-type your username and password and this may interfere the use of our website.

We do the collection of information to heighten your visit to our site and to provide a unique content and advertising. Because we respect your privacy, we do not automatically disclose your information with any other users.

There are two types of information that we collect from you: Aggregated Information- the one that does not personally identify you. We use this information by combining your pattern of usage with informations that are alike with other users which could help strengthen our site along with the services we offer. Once in a while, Aggregated Information may also be used by our business partners and advertisers. 

Personally Identifiable Information- is used for conveying to you your registration and customization preferences, our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. This information may also be used to communicate with you interesting topics, services and products that we offer. Moreover, this information may be used for site administration, troubleshooting, e-commerce processing transactions, sweepstakes and contests management, and other communications that may be helpful for you. Third parties who provide technical support like our Web hosting service may access this information for a better operation of our site. We will only make use of your information in accordance with the law. Additionally, with our goal to continuously boost our business, we may tie up with other companies and in this circumstance, we may make use of user information as transferred assets. In response to a court order or at anytime when the law requires us to do so, we may provide the user information in line with the collection of amounts you may owe to us or to law enforcement authorities. Article Republic may not be able to inform you of user information usage prior to disclosure.

We anticipate our partners, affiliates and advertisers to give respect to the privacy of our users. Please take note of the fact that third parties are practicing their own privacy and data collection policies. To cite an example, in one of your visits to our sites, you may encounter a situation where you may link to or view as part of a frame on a www.article-republic.com page, which is a particular content made by a third party. There is an instance also that you may be introduced by other parties to features, Web sites, sweepstakes, contests, information through Article Republic. We are not responsible for such instances and be keen enough to verify the privacy policies of the third parties before you provide them with your information. 

To know your preference or merely just to retrieve your information, our advertisers, promotional partners or other third parties make use of cookies. Article Republic have advertisements from third parties that include cookies for them to ascertain if you have encountered a particular advertisement before. We do not have control of the third parties using cookie technology or other technology that are primarily used to collect information, therefore we are not deemed responsible for such actions or policies.

Be very careful also that if you give your Personally Identifiable Information through message board or chat areas, such information can be used by the public and in effect, may be gathered and used by third parties. 

Children under 13 years of age, except if allowed by law, are not allowed to be requested by Article Republic to get Personally Identifiable Information. In the event we found out that we got information from a child under 13 years old, we will automatically remove such information. If you know anyone 13 years old and below who provided information with Article Republic, please do contact us immediately with the below listed address. 

Article Republic can be reached by sending us an email at admin@articlerepublic.com 

For any changes regarding this policy at any time, only Article Republic has the right to do such. It is your responsibility to visit our site from time to time to know if changes are being applied. Your continued usage of our site with its corresponding changes in policy will make us conclude that you accept or adhere to the changes made by Article Republic. The information that was gathered before the time of any change is used in accordance with the rules and laws that is being applied during the time of information collection.

Texas law is the one governing the policy and use of Article Republic. If disputes may deem to occur, we have come into an agreement that it should first be resolved with a mediator that they have both agreed upon to give them assistance. This will take place at Austin. The costs and fees other than attorney fees that may be incurred in the course of the mediation, will be equally shared by each of us.

If it will be hopeless to resolve the conflict despite the negotiation, we concur that the disagreement be submitted to binding arbitration at the following location: Austin, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so.

There is no intention of creating any contractual or other legal rights in or behalf of any party with regards to the statement and policies implied. 
