> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the artsonia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190426094023id_/https%3A//www.artsonia.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Artsonia - Privacy Policy

First and foremost, you should know that Artsonia **does not sell or rent** your (or your child's) [personal information](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000421393) to any third party for any purpose - including for advertising or marketing purposes. [Third-party advertising](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/360006763834) is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to Artsonia and personal information collected from students is never used for [behaviorally-targeted advertising](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000488793) to students (first or third party). Furthermore, we do not share personal information with any third parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth below: 

**Other Users You Share and Communicate with on Artsonia:** If you are a teacher, parent or fan, you may choose to share information or content through the Service with other Artsonia teachers, parents or Fan Club Members or to your children (if you are a parent). For example, things like your account or profile information and [Lesson Plans](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000486994) (if you are a teacher), [feedback](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000424534) created for students you teach (if you are a teacher), Artwork (if you are a parent or teacher), or other information you share with teachers, parents or Fan Club Members. Additionally, Artwork (and associated title and statement) posted by students may be shared with others if publicly posted on the Artsonia Website (which is only after Artsonia receives [parental consent](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000511854)) and comments entered by students while in Classroom Mode and approved by their teacher, will also be publicly posted on the Artsonia Website. 

Please keep in mind that information (including [personal information](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000421393) or children's personal information) or content (such as Artwork) that you voluntarily disclose to others - including to other Artsonia users you interact with through the Service (such as messages you might send other users or other teachers you collaborate with) - can be viewed, copied, stored, and used by the people you share it with. We cannot control the actions of people with whom you choose to share information. 

**Third-party Integrations on our Service:** When, as a teacher, parent or student, you use third-party apps, websites or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about what you post or share. For example, when you share or invite others via Facebook or Twitter, these services receive the information that you share through this functionality, and information that you are sharing from Artsonia (e.g. a student's Artwork). Please see here for more information on Social Media features and [here](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000424413) for more information on third-party services. Information collected by these apps, websites or integrated services is subject to their own terms and policies. Please [click here](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000424413) for a list of third-party app integrations on our Service.

**Service Providers:** We do work with vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service and Artsonia Website by performing tasks on our behalf. These service providers may be located inside or outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). We may need to share or provide information (including [personal information](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000421393)) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, fulfilling product orders, providing customer support software, and security. These [partners and service providers](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000424413) have limited access to your personal information to perform these tasks on your behalf, and are contractually bound to protect and use it only for the purpose for which it was disclosed and must adhere to confidentiality and security obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. 

**Social Media Platforms:** Where permissible according to applicable law, we may share certain limited personal information with social media platforms (such as Google or Facebook) and other websites, applications or partners, to generate leads, drive traffic to our websites or otherwise market and advertise our products or services on those websites or applications (this will never include personal information of students). These processing activities are based on our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products and services that may be of your interest. These social media platforms with which we may share your personal information are not controlled or supervised by Artsonia. Therefore, any questions regarding how your social media platform processes your personal information should be directed to such provider.

**Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information:** We may share aggregated information (information about our users that we combine together so it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other [de-identified](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/360006852593), or [non-personally identifiable information](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000421293) (such as statistics about visitors, traffic patterns and electronic postcard usage) including with users, partners, sponsors, or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how Artsonia is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for Artsonia. Any aggregated information and non-personally identifiable information shared this way will not contain any [personal information](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000421393).

**Analytics Services:** We use [analytics services](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000424413), including mobile analytics software, to help us understand and improve how the Service and Artsonia Website is being used. These services may collect, store and use information in order to help us understand things like how often you use the Service and Artsonia Website, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded.

**Legal Requirements:** We may use or disclose information, including [personal information](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000421393), if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process. We may need to disclose personal information where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Artsonia, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms/) or other agreements. This includes, without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection or responding to government requests. Where appropriate, we may notify users about the legal requests, unless (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law; (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon Artsonia, or its users. In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that user about the request after the fact where appropriate and where we determine in good faith that we are no longer prevented from doing so.

**Sharing with Artsonia Companies:** Over time, Artsonia may grow and reorganize. We may share your information, including [personal information](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000421393) with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your personal information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.

**Change of Control:** The [Student Privacy Pledge](http://studentprivacypledge.org/?page_id=45) requires us (and all pledgers) to commit to how we handle data in the event of a change to our organization such that all or a portion of Artsonia or our assets are acquired by or merged with a third party, or in any other situation where [personal information](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000421393) that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third party. Consistent with the [Student Privacy Pledge](http://studentprivacypledge.org/?page_id=45) and applicable state and federal laws, in connection with such a change to our organization, if any, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your personal information as per this Privacy Policy (unless you give consent to a new policy). We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us. If you do not consent to the use of your personal information by such a successor company, subject to applicable law, you may request its deletion from the company. We may also make information, including personal information, available to a potential investor or purchaser (as their advisors) in advance of any such transaction completion. 

In the unlikely event that Artsonia goes out of business, or files for bankruptcy, we will protect your [personal information](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000421393), and will not sell it to any third party. 

**With your consent:** Other than the cases above, we won't disclose your [personal information](https://help.artsonia.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000421393) for any purpose unless you consent to it. Additionally, as discussed above, we will never sell or rent your personal information to advertisers or other third parties.
