> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the biz2credit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141214171602id_/https%3A//www.biz2credit.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Biz2credit

X

Follow us on [](https://www.facebook.com/biz2credit "Facebook") [](https://twitter.com/biz2credit "Twitter") [](http://www.linkedin.com/company/265111 "Linkedin") [](http://pinterest.com/biz2credit/ "Pinterest") [](https://plus.google.com/u/0/105166506749988064220/posts "Google +") [](http://feeds.feedburner.com/biz2credit/RPVH "RSS feed") [](https://www.youtube.com/user/Biz2credit "YouTube")

[](http://pinterest.com/pin/create/button/)

[](http://www.biz2credit.com/ "Biz2Credit")

CALL TOLL FREE800-200-5678

### Last Updated: June 5, 2014

## OUR POLICY

We value your business and contributions to the global Biz2Credit community, so we are committed to informing you how we use, maintain, and share the information that you share with us. This privacy policy (" **Policy** ") applies to your use of all products, services and websites offered by Biz2Credit Inc. or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies (" **we** ", " **Company** " or " **Biz2Credit** "). Some Biz2Credit-branded websites or other websites we operate may be governed by different privacy policies, which will be clearly indicated by links on the footer of the pages on those sites, but this privacy policy governs the main Biz2Credit website (the " **Site** " or " **Platform** "). We periodically update our privacy policy and Terms of Service, so we encourage you to review them both from time to time. The terms " **you** ", " **your** " or " **yourself** " refers to each of our business customers, owners, and users, together with the business itself and its officers and controlling persons.

If you have any questions about our Policy, you can contact us through our website: [privacy@biz2credit.com](mailto:privacy@biz2credit.com), or you can write to us at the address set forth below. 

**SUMMARY OF PRIVACY POLICY**

This Policy will describe:

  * the information we collect
  * how we use that information
  * who we share information with
  * how we protect your information
  * your choices about our use and transfer of your information
  * how you can access your information
  * our community and social media information policy
  * how you can contact us with any questions you have relating to privacy or our use of your information
  * how we enforce our Policy, and
  * other information regarding our privacy practices and procedures



**You agree to this Policy by accepting Biz2Credit's Terms of Service, whether expressly or by accessing, browsing or using this website. This Privacy Policy is governed by Biz2Credit's Terms of Service. You are therefore also encouraged to periodically review our Terms of Service, as it may be amended from time to time.**

**THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

**In General. We collect information that can identify you such as your name and email address, as well as other information that does not identify you. When you provide information through our website, this information will be sent to Biz2Credit** servers located in the United States.

  * Information you provide. We may collect and store any information you enter on our website during registration, applications or provide to us in some other manner. This includes identifying information such as your name, home or mailing address, email address, and telephone number); information about your business or prospective business; your financial information (such as your income, assets, or debts), or other personal information. We may also periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from business partners, contractors and other third parties.
  * Information we may request. Examples of information that we may request and/or receive about you include credit reports, information about your business and additional demographic information. However, Biz2Credit will not request or access any credit bureau reports or other credit information in connection with a business loan, merchant cash advance or other financing product (collectively, " **loan** " or " **business loan** ") or furnish such information to any bank, provider of merchant cash advances or other financing products or other lender (collectively, " **lenders** ") without your prior written consent.
  * DocVaultTM. Customers also have the ability to store and access other documents and information on DocVault, Biz2Credit's information management system. These documents are protected by Biz2Credit's web security system and only the user has password-protected access. No third party has access to these documents, and Biz2Credit will only access content stored in DocVault for site maintenance and technical support purposes. Biz2Credit reserves the right to remove any content that contains a virus or other malicious code, or that otherwise violates any term of this Privacy Policy or _**[Terms of Service](http://www.biz2credit.com/terms-of-use.html).**_


  * _Other business tools._ Biz2Credit offers other proprietary business tools to our customers, including BizAnalyzer®, the Small Business Lending IndexTM, dynamic Dashboard and Financial Calculator. All information input by our customers into these business tools are protected by Biz2Credit's web security system and only the user has password-protected access to any Business Tool where they can input information. No third party has access to any such information input into our business tools, other than Biz2Credit for site maintenance and technical support purposes. Information you provide to us in connection with business loans is furnished to lenders, but only with your prior written approval.
  * _Mobile applications._ Biz2Credit also offers its BizAnalylzer service via Android and iPhone mobile telephones and tablets, which mobile Business Tool service is protected by both the Biz2Credit security features described above and those of the mobile service providers. As above, only the Biz2Credit user has password-protected access to information input into its mobile application. In order to use the mobile application, the use will need to accept "App permissions" to modify or delete USB storage, test access to protected storage, and view and test network connections. Biz2Credit's Platform includes access to a mobile application which relies on your wireless service, your mobile device's GPS antenna coverage and the wireless coverage within the area in which you are located at that time. To use Biz2Credit's mobile application, your location and caller identification must be activated to enable Biz2Credit to validate your Account, your personal login and other user information, and any Biz2Credit products or services associated with the applicable mobile device. Biz2Credit also captures other information that does not specifically identify you with respect to your mobile device settings in connection with your use of Biz2Credit's Platform via the mobile application. Mobile device information gleaned includes, without limitation, the mobile number associated with each mobile device registered to your Account, the types of mobile devices used, each mobile device's unique device ID, its IP address and operating system, geo-location and date/time stamps, the type of mobile internet browsers used by and the telecommunications carrier associated with each mobile device. Because some of the communication between Biz2Credit and you occurs through your mobile carrier's network, your carrier also may have access to the information transmitted. Biz2Credit has no control over and you should contact your mobile carrier to better understand your mobile carrier's treatment of any information transmitted through your mobile device. Biz2Credit also gathers usage statistics, metrics or other data generated by your use of your mobile device. If your location is enabled on your mobile device or the Biz2Credit's products and services you order use location-enabled products or services, you will be sending Biz2Credit information that may reveal your actual location in real-time. You understand that location-based services that are provided through Biz2Credit's Platform require a location to function properly, and your use signifies your agreement to allow Biz2Credit to use your location for such purposes. If you do not want Biz2Credit to use location-based information, please refrain from using the location based service or click "DON'T ALLOW" when your mobile device requests your location-based information.
  * _Information for funding applications._ Biz2Credit may collect, but encrypts and does not store, your Social Security Number (" **SSN** ") or Tax Identification Number (" **TIN** ") if you complete a Funding Qualification Form in connection with Business Finance Services (as defined in our Terms of Service). Thereafter, during the loan or other funding product application process, Biz2Credit will collect your SSN, TIN and other personal and business information that is required by the lender or funding provider, but only with the applicant's prior written approval. As above, this information is always encrypted on the Biz2Credit Platform and is then provided directly to the lender or other funding provider on the funder's platform. Further, Biz2credit does not request or collect any bank account information or link to or access this information without the customer's prior written approval, and this information is in all cases encrypted on the Biz2Credit Platform. In addition, Biz2Credit does not directly accept credit card information. Biz2Credit uses a third-party payment gateway to accept credit card information for all uses on the Site, including the purchase of business plan services, credit reports and other business information provided by Biz2Credit from partners such as D&B and Equifax. All the credit card information processing, including PCI security standards compliance, is done at the end of the third-party payment gateway, and we do not collect or store any such information.
  * _Information requested by Partners or Affiliates._ In addition, while Biz2Credit does not request or store sensitive personal information of the kind noted directly above, if you elect to participate in certain offerings or programs on the company's website made available by Biz2Credit Partners or Affiliates, you may be asked to provide (or authorize Biz2Credit to provide) this kind of information to such Partners or Affiliates.
  * _Information about others._ We may also collect and store personal information that you provide to us about other people or businesses (such as co-applicants), including their name, address, phone number, financial information, or other information.
  * _Information collected automatically._ We use various technologies to collect information from your computer and about your activities on our site, including the use of cookies and other technologies. (See "Cookies" below). We automatically collect information from your browser when you visit our website. This information includes your IP address, your browser type and language, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us, and the referring website address.
  * _Cookies._ There are two types of cookies: HTML (or browser) cookies and Flash cookies (also called Locally Stored Objects or LSOs). Flash cookies can hold more information that browser cookies and are more difficult to delete. Our websites do not use Flash cookies. The remainder of this section refers only to browser cookies. When you visit our website, we may assign your computer one or more cookies in order to facilitate access to our website, to personalize your online experience, and to record information about your visit to our website. Through the use of a cookie, we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our Site, such as the web pages you visit, the links or advertisements you click on, or the other actions you conduct while on our website. The cookies do not store any personally identifiable information about you. Unless you choose to identify yourself to Biz2Credit, either by responding to a promotional offer, or registering and opening an account, or filling out a webform (such as a "Contact Me" or other webform), you remain anonymous to Biz2Credit. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our website. (See "YOUR CHOICES ABOUT COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION", below).
  * _Other Technologies._ We use a variety of standard Internet technologies, such as web beacons and other similar technologies, to track your use on our website. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you view a particular website tied to the beacon. We also may include web beacons in promotional email messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer our website visitors in order to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, programming or other activities.
  * _Information collected by third-parties._ We may allow third-parties, including our authorized service providers, partners and affiliates, advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements on our site. Biz2Credit and these companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to collect information about users who view or interact with these advertisements and connect to our website. This information allows Biz2Credit and these companies to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness. Biz2Credit does not share any of your personal information with any third parties except as expressly provided below. (See, "WHO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH", below). We share information with companies like D&B and Equifax, lenders or credit agencies only with prior written authorization of our customers to forward such business credit reports, credit monitoring updates or other customer credit or personal information to third parties.
  * _Information storage._ Biz2Credit stores all documents and agreements relating to Business Finance Services for periods of time as required by law and our internal policies. We also may be required to retain other information for periods of time as required by law and our internal policies. Biz2Credit may duplicate its database, including your account and other personal and business information, in order to allow Biz2Credit to restore its database if necessary. These copies may be stored at one or more locations in accordance with our security guidelines inside and/or outside the United States.

**HOW WE USE THAT INFORMATION**

**In General.** We may use information that we collect about you to:

    * deliver the products and services that you have requested;
    * manage your customer relationship with us and provide you with customer support;
    * develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our site
    * perform research and analysis about your use of or interest in our products, services, or content, products, services offered by others;
    * collect, generate, use and share aggregated, non-personalized data, combined with data from other users and other data sources, that does not permit direct association with your or any other individual (" **Aggregated Data** "); 
    * recommend products and services based on the information you provide in our BizAnalyzer® tool;
    * communicate with you by email, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, or other third parties; and
    * enforce our terms and conditions.

**Financial information.** We may use certain financial information to match you with lenders or to provide lenders' pre-qualified loan offers to you, to verify your identify, to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, otherwise as needed to manage our business. In addition, if you request a loan through Biz2Credit's Funding Qualification Form upon registration, this information will be shared with one or more lenders in order to determine your eligibility for a loan.

**Job applicants.** If your personal information is submitted through our website when applying for a position with our Biz2Credit, the information will be used solely in connection with considering and acting upon your application. We may retain your personal information for a period of time, but only for the purpose of considering your application for current or future available positions.

**Biz2Credit does not sell any information you provide to us, whether from registration or information based on a loan application or credit form you fill out.**

**WHO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH**

**In General.** We do not share any information about you with others except as indicated below. During registration, virtually all the information you share with us is publically available business information, plus phone and email contact information. Your registration information, including contact information, is never shared with any third party unless you select one of our partner links. If you select a partner link, you are informed that a partner representative will contact you and that your basic business and contact information will be shared with that partner unless you opt out within the stated period of time. We will not at any time transfer your personal information to any third party unless you first select a third party service and then do not opt out of sharing this information. We may share your registration and other types of information with:

    * _Prospective Lenders and other Funding Provider._ If you submit a completed Biz2Credit Funding Qualification Form, once you confirm your agreement with our Terms of Service, we will share your information with lenders with whom you are or may be matched. However, no credit check will be performed by Biz2Credit unless you expressly authorize us to do so when you submit a completed loan qualification form. The identities of the lenders with whom you are matched, and with whom Biz2Credit has shared your information, will in each case be disclosed to you. Biz2Credit will not share information with any prospective lender not disclosed to you and authorized by you. These lenders on the Biz2Credit network may retain or use your information whether or not you qualify for, or obtain a loan from them, subject to the restrictions contained in their respective privacy policies.
    * _Authorized service providers:_ Once you submit a completed Biz2Credit Funding Qualification Form, we may also share your information with authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These service providers include credit bureaus, title companies, insurance providers, attorneys, appraisal companies, escrow companies, closing agents and other financial institutions. Authorized service providers may also include marketing and customer services firms and credit card payment processors. These service providers may have access to information as needed to perform their functions, but are not in any case permitted to share, disclose, sell or use such information for any other purpose.
    * _Biz2Credit Partners and Affiliates._ When you express interest in promotions or third party services, offered on our website, we may share your expression of interest with the partner or affiliate you have selected to offer you those products, services and/or promotions. When you elect to engage in a particular offer or program, you authorize us to provide your email address and other business and contact information to that business, and in certain cases noted above, other sensitive personal information to our Partners and/or Affiliates sponsoring the products, services and/or promotion. As provided above, you will always be afforded the option to opt out or unsubscribe from any transfer of your personal information to third parties or otherwise in connection with partner or affiliate offerings or promotional uses.
    * _Biz2Credit users._ Your User ID may be displayed throughout Biz2Credit and is therefore visible to the public so all of your activity on our website is traceable to your User ID. Other people can see your feedback, businesses, products, classified ads or services that you have posted in the Community. However, no other registration or other information is displayed on the Site unless you choose to post it yourself. We send notices to members regarding suspicious activity and policy violations on our sites and refer to User IDs and specific items.

**Aggregated, non-personal information.** We also collect, generate, use and share Aggregated Data -- non-personalized information about you and other customers collectively that cannot be directly associated to you or any other customer. Aggregated Data may be collected from registration, applications or other use of our website or services. Aggregated Data may be used for a variety of research and analysis purposes, including in Biz2Credit's Small Business Lending IndexTM, the analysis of website metrics, and in order to develop and/or deliver targeted advertising on our website and on websites of third parties. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our website and the most popular features or services accessed or use such aggregated, non-personal information to develop website content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to target content and advertising. We may also combine the Aggregated Data we collect with additional non-personally identifiable information collected from other sources. In addition, we may share Aggregated Data with third parties, including advertisers, data providers and other business partners for any general business purpose. Aggregated Data is not considered "information" or "personal information" for purposes of this privacy policy.

**Third-party websites.** There are a number of places on our website where you may click on a link to access other websites, each of which operates under its own privacy policy and not Biz2Credit's Policy. For example, if you click on an advertisement or a search result on our website, you may be taken to a website that we do not control. These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information, including personal and business information, from you and, in some instances, provide us with information about your activities on those websites. While Biz2Credit will only directly transfer data to other websites that have adequate data protection and privacy policies, Biz2Credit cannot control such uses or use by companies whose links you click on. We therefore recommend that you consult the privacy policies of all third-party websites you visit by clicking on the "privacy" link typically located at the bottom of the webpage you are visiting.

**Other circumstances.** We also may disclose your information:

    * In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency;
    * to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law;
    * when we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing;
    * to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our Biz2Credit, our users, our employees, or others;
    * to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce our website terms and conditions or other agreements or policies.
    * In connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation or asset sale. In this event, you will be afforded the opportunity to opt out of any further promotional or other communications.

**Third-party use of your information.** Biz2Credit seeks to ensure that all third parties to whom we transfer data maintain appropriate data protection protocols and privacy policies. Accordingly, Biz2Credit seeks assurances that its vendors and affiliates maintain appropriate security and privacy policies, and we will not transfer personal information to any entity whose policy would permit the sale or other redistribution of personal information for any reason other than the purpose for which we provided the information to the third party. However, Biz2Credit does not control the actual use of transferred data by such third parties, which are governed by their internal policies and procedures. These entities or their servers may be located either inside or outside the United States, in which case they may be governed by different privacy laws or policies.

**By disclosing your information to Biz2Credit through registration, the selection of services offered by Biz2Credit partners, affiliates and other third parties, the loan application process or otherwise on our website, you expressly consent to the use and any transfer of your information as described above and in this Policy.**

**HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION**

**In General.** We are committed to protect the security and integrity of all information you share with us. We have therefore implemented a number of industry-standard security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard your information from unauthorized access and disclosure. Only authorized employees and authorized third-party service providers are permitted to access personal information, and they may do so only for specified and limited business functions. In addition, we use encryption in the transmission of certain sensitive information between your system and ours, and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information. We want you to feel confident using our website for business transactions. However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, searches, or other communications will always remain secure in all cases.

**DocVault TM**. Biz2Credit's Doc Vault system allows only registered users to upload documents. Biz2Credit does not allow any documents to be edited while in Doc Vault and maintains a log of every document uploaded, tagged and shared. DocVault's history feature also tracks every document which is shared by time and date and also time stamps when the link is clicked and document downloaded.

**Other Business Tools.** Biz2Credit's other proprietary business tools, such as BizAnalyzer®, the dynamic business loan and credit Dashboard, Financial Calculator and the Small Business Lending IndexTM, are also available only to registered users. Information you provide to us in connection with business loans or applications therefor will only be shared with prospective lenders with your prior consent.

**Account security.** We have also implemented the following additional features to help strengthen the security of your user account:

    * _Session Timeout._ A session timeout has been implemented so that the maximum specified period of user inactivity does not exceed 25 minutes.
    * _Temporary Account Lockout._ Access is locked for 30 minutes if three or more consecutive unsuccessful login attempts are made, regardless of session or time frame. User may not log back in, re-authenticate online, create a new account, order products, view products or use login help when the account is locked out. However, the user can contact request a password reset online to activate account when the account is locked.
    * _Long Term Account Lockout._ Access to accounts will be locked indefinitely (until manually unlocked by a Call Center/Help Desk Agent) if the user attempts to use login help unsuccessfully three or more times, regardless of session or time frame. User may not login, create a new account, re-authenticate online, order products, view products or use login help when the account is locked out. The user can contact the Call Center/Help Desk to activate account when account is locked out.

For a more detailed description of these security measures, please refer to our Terms of Service,  
"Security Measures". 

**YOUR CHOICES ABOUT OUR USE AND TRANSFER OF YOUR INFORMATION**

You can at any time choose not to provide us with certain information by modifying the "Settings" in your user account. However, if you do so, this may result in your being ineligible or unable to use certain features of our website if such information is required in order for you to obtain services.

    * After you register, you will automatically receive our Biz2Credit e-Newsletter and other communications from Biz2Credit from time to time unless you choose to unsubscribe. If you authorize any of these communications from Biz2Credit, you will also be given the opportunity, in any commercial email that we send to you, to opt out of receiving such messages in the future. While we will attempt to implement changes to your user settings as quickly as possible, please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process an opt-out request. In addition, you may at any time modify your choice through "Settings" in your user account.
    * Biz2Credit may directly send you other types of transactional and relationship email communications, such as loan offers, e-Newsletters, requests for additional information, service updates or announcements, administrative notices, and surveys, without offering you the prior opportunity to opt out of receiving them. However, you may always thereafter opt out as provided directly above. In addition, we will not provide any of your information to Biz2Credit partners or affiliates unless you specifically request that particular service or promotion, and if you fail to opt out within the stated period of time. As stated directly above, you are always free to opt out at any time by modifying the "Settings" in your user account.
    * You may also instruct us not to call you for marketing, promotional or other commercial purposes through "Settings" in your user account. We will implement your instructions as promptly as possible, typically within 10 business days. Please note that we may still need to call you for servicing or other non-marketing purposes.
    * If you do not want us to send you postal mail for marketing purposes, you may remove your name from current and future mailing lists through "Settings" in your user account
    *     * Federal and state regulations may require that we store completed loan questionnaire forms for various periods of time. In addition, other regulatory document and information storage guidelines may apply. In order to comply with these requirements, we may be unable to delete your information within a specified time period from the Biz2Credit database or servers.
    * **HOW YOU CAN ACCESS AND UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION**

Once you have registered with Biz2Credit.com, you can access and update your information at any time through "Settings" in your user account. You can also change your information-sharing settings as discussed just above. 

**OTHER MATTERS**

    * **Visiting our website from outside the United States.** This Policy is intended to cover the collection of information on our website from residents of the United States. If you are visiting our website from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries may be different from those in your country. By using the Biz2Credit website or any of the services offered on the Site, you acknowledge and agree that your information may be used, stored and shared as described in this Policy.
    * **No third party rights.** This Policy does not create rights enforceable by users, affiliated companies, or any other third parties or require disclosure of any information relating to customers or users of our website or any service offered on our website.
    * **Protecting Children's Online Privacy.** Biz2Credit will not intentionally collect information from children under 13 on this website. If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide us with any information on this website.

**CHANGES TO POLICY**

This Policy is subject to change if we modify our practices or services. When we post changes to this Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the first page of this Policy. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your information, we will change the "last updated" date of the Terms. We encourage you to read this Policy periodically and carefully and also that you check our website from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Policy or any of our other policies.

**ENFORCEMENT OF POLICY**

Although Biz2Credit has not and does not intend to become self-certified under the U.S. - E.U. Safe Harbor Framework, Biz2Credit adheres to its principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement. We periodically review our internal privacy practices and procedures and compliance with these principles. When we receive formal written complaints, it is our policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her particular concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints that cannot be resolved between Biz2Credit and the user. We will also notify each user as soon as reasonable practicable if we become aware that the security of that user's information has been compromised.

**HOW TO CONTACT US**

If you have any questions about this Policy or our information-handling practices, or if you would like to request information about our disclosure of information to third parties, please contact us by email at: [privacy@biz2credit.com](mailto:privacy@biz2credit.com). This email address is being protected from spam bots, so you need a JavaScript-enabled browser to view it.

Or you can write to us at:  
Privacy Officer   
Biz2Credit Inc.  
333 Seventh Avenue, 18th Floor  
New York, NY 10001  
© 2014 Biz2Credit Inc. All rights reserved. 




[](https://www.mcafeesecure.com/RatingVerify?ref=www.biz2credit.com)
