> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bizbash.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100624023318id_/http%3A//www.bizbash.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Legal | User Agreement | Website | Event Planners | PR | Caterers | Venues | Trade Show | Marketing | Strategy | Ideas | Trends | Style | BizBash

SUMMARY:  
We respect your privacy. The following explains the type of information we may collect during the normal operation of our business, and how BizBash Media would use and protect such collected information. It is important to us that you understand what information we collect, how we protect it, and how we use it — and to provide clear instructions if you choose to request changes in how we communicate with you.

This Privacy Policy is current as of January 1, 2010 and if any substantive changed to this policy are made, we will announce it on our websites, and if you have provided us with contact information we will also send you a notice to the email or physical address we have on file with you.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please don't hesitate to contact us at 646.638.3600, via fax at 646.638.3601, or by writing to us at [Privacy@bizbash.com](mailto:Privacy@bizbash.com) or BizBash Media at 21 West 38th Street, 13th Floor, NY, NY 10018.

Personal Information We Collect:  
BizBash collects information about you when you visit and/or purchase products from this website. Some of this information is automatically collected, and some is collected when you interact with the site. The type of information that is automatically collected can include date and time of access of the site, the Internet protocol address of the computer that you are using, the domain and host from which you access the Internet, your browser software and operating system, and the specific activities you are engaged in while visiting the Site. Information from which you can be personally identified may also be collected by BizBash at the site, including your name, postal address, e-mail address (referred to as “Personal Consumer Information”). Of course, you may choose not to provide certain information to BizBash, but if so, you may not be able to participate in certain BizBash activities and transactions.

Use of “Cookies” and Other Technologies: BizBash may use “cookies” and/or other technologies or files (collectively, “cookies”) to identify how its visitors make use of this site. This aggregate tracking information is used to help BizBash improve and enhance the website experience for all of its visitors. If you would prefer not to have such cookies stored on your computer, you may modify your browser settings to reject most cookies, or manually remove cookies that have been placed on your computer. However, by so rejecting the cookies, you may be unable to fully access the offerings on this site.

E-mail Communication: When you communicate with BizBash electronically, via e-mail or otherwise, you consent to BizBash’s use of the information you have provided, and you further consent to receive electronic communications from BizBash. If you would prefer not to receive such communications, please e-mail [Privacy@bizbash.com](mailto:Privacy@bizbash.com)and so advise.

Resale or disclosure of information to third parties:  
The Personal Consumer Information collected by BizBash may be used by BizBash for any lawful purpose, including to communicate with you, respond to your requests, and analyze and improve BizBash’s websites, its business and/or its service to you. BizBash may use this information to send you e-mail newsletters, promotional offers with respect to goods or services of a particular brand or other types of communications on behalf of BizBash and/or its affiliates. All e-mail newsletters and promotional offers will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of receiving future issues of such newsletters or to opt out of receiving future promotional offers with respect to such brand. BizBash may also use your Personal Consumer Information to send you e-mails or other communications on behalf of third parties, and in some cases we may provide your e-mail to third parties who have sponsored content or an event that you have registered for. All such communications will provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving future third party offers from BizBash. You may also, at any time, opt-out of receiving any third-party offers from this site by sending an e-mail to [Privacy@bizbash.com](mailto:Privacy@bizbash.com).

From time to time, BizBash may suggest people to be invited to industry events and will occasionally provide names and email addresses to vendors for event invitations.

Security:  
BizBash Media handles your information securely. BizBash Media employs security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information we store and transmit. Access to our servers is limited. Our BizBash Media security policy ensures that our personnel maintain the highest standards in working with the data on our servers. We recommend that you do not share your passwords with anyone. BizBash Media will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also, if you are using a computer that others have access to, such as one in a computer lab, Internet cafe or public library, always remember to log out and close your browser window when leaving our site.

Links to Other Sites:  
BizBash.com contains links to other Web sites and those sites may not follow the same privacy policies as BizBash.com. This can include links from advertisers, content providers, and partners who may use BizBash Media’s logo and/or style as the result of a co-branding agreement.

Questions?  
If you have any questions on our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at [Privacy@bizbash.com](mailto:Privacy@bizbash.com).
