> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wetseal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021208163800id_/http%3A//www.wetseal.com/customerservice/cust.asp%3Fvalue%3D8) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Wet Seal - LIFE'S A JOURNEY. DRESS FOR IT.

**Information we collect**  
When you visit The Wet Seal, Inc., we collect customer information to improve the content of our Websites, to enhance your on-line shopping experience, and for marketing and promotional purposes. Each time you visit our Websites, our web server automatically recognizes your domain name and what type of browser you are using. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, and collect customer information gathered in the course of processing sales transactions. We do not gather any personally identifying information about you when you visit this site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.

If you supply us with your e-mail address, you may receive periodic e-mails from us announcing product information, promotional events, or updates to our Websites. If you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from us, including promotional offerings. If you do not wish to receive such e-mail updates, [click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20021208163800id_/http%3A//www.wetseal.com/email/email.asp) or send an e-mail to [customerservice@wetseal.com](mailto:customerservice@wetseal.com) indicating your e-mail address. If you do not wish to receive periodic catalogs/marketing materials, [click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20021208163800id_/http%3A//www.wetseal.com/catalog/catalog.asp) or send an e-mail to [customerservice@wetseal.com](mailto:customerservice@wetseal.com) indicating your postal address as applicable. 

We do occasionally share name and address information with other catalog companies that offer similar products. We will not share any personal financial information. If you are on our catalog mailing list, or order from one of our catalogs, and would prefer not to have your name shared with other catalog companies, click [here](mailto:customerservice@wetseal.com) and ask that your name not be shared. 

**Kids**  
We do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children (minors younger than 13). If you are a parent and believe we may have inadvertently collected such information from your child, please notify us immediately by sending an e-mail to [customerservice@wetseal.com](mailto:customerservice@wetseal.com) or phoning us toll free at 1-866-SHOPWETSEAL.

**Cookies**  
When you view our Websites, we may store some information on your computer’s hard drive. This information will be in the form of a "Cookie." Cookies enable us to establish the shopping cart session and allow you to purchase product on-line at our site. Most web browsers automatically accept Cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Without accepting a Cookie, you can browse through our site, but you will be unable to establish a shopping cart session and make a purchase on-line. For further information, please click here to view our terms of use.

**Security**  
The Websites make every effort to protect your online order information by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. SSL encrypts your order information to ensure it remains private and secure.  To check the security of your connection, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser), then SSL is active. You can also check by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site will change from "http" to "https".

Some browsers and firewalls do not permit communication through secure servers.  In that case, you will be unable to connect to our server so you will not have to worry about mistakenly placing an order through an unsecured connection. If you can’t access the server, you can place your order by calling our Customer Service Representatives at 1-866-SHOPWETSEAL (866-746-7938).
