> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wetv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071210141454id_/http%3A//www.wetv.com/info/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WE tv - Privacy Policy

This site is owned and operated by Women's Entertainment LLC (Referred to herein as "Company," We," "Us," or "Our"). Because we gather certain types of information about the visitors of our site, we believe you should understand the terms and conditions surrounding the retention and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it. 

**Collection of Personal Information**

We obtain a visitor's personal information when such information is supplied voluntarily by the visitor. This means that you can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. You can choose to provide individually-identifiable information to Company in a number of ways through our websites: by ordering a service from us, sending us e-mail, registering to receive news or public policy information, applying for a job or a grant, or entering a contest. When visitors supply information about themselves for a specific purpose, we use the information for that purpose (such as to provide the information the visitor has requested or to consider a visitor for a particular job). In addition, when visitors use our websites to order services, or to request information about our services, we may use the individually-identifiable information as we would use the same information obtained off-line, for example, to evaluate your service needs and contact you regarding additional services you may find useful. You have the right to choose not to receive this information by notifying us of your preference. 

We do not sell or disclose individually-identifiable information obtained on-line about our visitors, to parties outside of the Company and its Affiliates unless you specifically authorize it, it is required or authorized by law, or disclosure is necessary to protect the safety of customers, employees or property. If you provide individually-identifiable information to us in the context of an event we sponsor with a partner, such as a contest, or if you register on a co-sponsored site or feature, you may also be providing the individually-identifiable information to the co-sponsor. 

**Collection of Non-Personal Information**

To gauge the effectiveness of our website, we do collect some generic information about our visitors. Our web servers automatically recognize a visitor's domain name (such as .com, .edu, etc.), the web page from which a visitor enters our site, which pages a visitor visits on our site, and how much time a visitor spends on each page. This information does not reveal a visitor's identity. We collect and review this information and use it to evaluate and improve the content and functionality of our website. 

We reserve the right to utilize cookies technology. A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. We may use cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above), and when you click an ad. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site, but may find that certain pages may operate slower than if you have enabled the use of cookies. 

In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. 

**E-Mail**  
Email is an important communication channel for our online visitors. We may use email to communicate with our customers, to respond to visitors' emails, to confirm orders placed online, and to send information that a visitor has requested. All e-mail sent to us should be generated by the person in whose name the e-mail account is registered. Any information provided to us by e-mail, including but not limited to feedback, data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, plans, ideas or the like, shall be deemed to be non-confidential, and Company assumes no obligation to protect such information from disclosure. The submission of such information to Company shall in no way prevent the purchase, manufacture or use of similar products, services, plans and ideas by Company for any purpose whatever, and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute such information. On occasion, we may use your e-mail address to send you communications with information about service and product information that we believe may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive such unsolicited communications from us, simply contact us through the email provided in our electronic communication. 

**Protection of Personal Information**

We require our employees to protect the privacy of information about our visitors and expect our partners and subsidiaries to do so as well. Your individually-identifiable information will be protected when you access your account or order services from us over the Internet. We employ security measures to safeguard your transactions with us. 

**Updates to Privacy Policy**

To improve the services we can offer you, we may opt to expand our capabilities for obtaining information about users in the future. To ensure that you are aware of developments in this area, we will update this privacy statement continually. 

**Third Party Advertising**

The ads appearing on this Web site may be delivered to you via a third party Web advertising partner. Information about your visits to this site, such as number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal information), may be used to serve ads to you. 

**Policy With Regard to Chat Venues and Bulletin Board Postings**

_**Chat Venues Do Not Tolerate Harassment.**_

Our chat venues welcome people of all ages, races, religions, genders, national origins, sexual orientations and points of view. We don't tolerate expressions of bigotry, hatred, harassment or abuse, nor will we tolerate threats of harm to anyone. 

Because we encourage discussion and exchange of ideas, we don't allow defamatory, abusive, tasteless or indecorous content or statements. For the same reason, we don't allow sexually explicit material on our web pages, nor links to such material. Topics dealing with human sexuality and other similar subjects can be discussed, but in an educational, structured and monitored environment. 

We reserve the right to hold chat events for which the participation and entry is limited to a pre-determined group or groups of participants. 

**Rules for Online Conduct: Message Boards, Chatrooms, and Auditoriums**

By participating in any of the aforementioned services, the visitor agrees to follow our Terms of Usage in these venues. 

Postings to Message Boards, and communication in chat rooms and auditoriums may not be reviewed prior to appearing on this site. We reserve the right to edit, delete, or move any postings to message boards and to terminate or suspend access to our chats for conduct that we believe interferes with other peoples' enjoyment. 

We also discourage disruptive statements that incite others to violate our standards. We encourage your participation in upholding our standards. When in doubt about appropriate behavior here, please remember that, although the venue is electronic, those participating in it are real people. We ask that you treat others with respect and with care. 

**Disclaimer**

Please be advised that once you leave this site, your usage of the Internet will be governed by the privacy policies, if any, of the particular site that you are accessing. We will not be responsible for any loss or damage that could result from interception by third parties of any information made available to you via this site. 

Neither Women's Entertainment LLC, nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers or employees, or any third party vendor will be liable or have any responsibility of any kind for any loss or damage that you incur in the event of any failure or interruption of this site, or resulting from the act or omission of any other party involved in making this site or the data contained therein available to you, or from any other cause relating to your access to, inability to access, or use of the site or site Content, whether or not the circumstances giving rise to such cause may have been within the control of Company or of any vendor providing software or services support. In no event will Company, or its affiliates be liable to you for any direct, special, indirect, consequential, incidental damages or any other damages of any kind even if Company, or its affiliates or any other party have been advised of the possibility thereof. 

Comments on any aspect of this statement may be addressed to the webmaster. 

**WE: WOMEN'S ENTERTAINMENT  
200 Jericho Turnpike, 3rd Floor  
Jericho, NY 11753  
(516) 803-2300 **
