> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yitechnology.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171222102215id_/https%3A//yitechnology.com/legal/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | YI Technology

YI Technologies, Inc. (“we”, “us”, “our” or “YI”) is committed to protecting the users of its websites, mobile applications, products, and services (each a **“YI Service”** and collectively the **“YI Services”** ). When you access, browse, or use the **YI Services** , information will be collected, transferred, processed, stored, and disclosed in accordance with this privacy policy (“Policy”). This Policy governs the information collection and disclosure practices for the **YI Services**. By accessing, browsing, or using the **YI Services** , including registering an account with our **YI Services** , you expressly consent to the collection, transfer, use, processing and storage of your information (including personal information), as described in this Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS POLICY OR THE INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS POLICY, DO NOT USE THE **YI SERVICES** OR REGISTER AN ACCOUNT. 

**1\. INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES**

 **1.1. General.** When you visit YI websites and use YI mobile applications without registering, you can browse without submitting personal information about yourself. If you register for an account within or to access a **YI Services** , we will collect some personally identifiable information from you, including your full name, username, email address, and a password that you select. When you interact with the **YI Services** , we also receive and store certain additional types of information which, in general, do not directly identify you. For example, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device including your IP address, browser type and language, referring/exit pages and URLs, other browser history, device type, Wi-Fi network information (including name and password), platform type, number of clicks, landing pages, cookie information, the pages you requested and viewed, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time. This Section of the Policy outlines the various ways that information is collected from the **YI Services**. Please fully review this Policy before you use the **YI Services** or submit information to us. 

**1.2. Information that You Provide.**

 **(a) Registration and Login.** Certain **YI Services** require you to register for an account and/or log in using credentials. You can register for an account from our account registration system, or a third-party site or service such as Facebook (“Account”). When you register for an Account you may be asked to provide some personally identifiable information, such as your full name, email address, phone number, camera SN code and a user name and password that you select. When you are asked to create an Account using your credentials from a third-party site or service, you will be asked for your user name, password, and other information to verify that you have an account with the third-party site or service. When you provide credentials for a third-party site or service, we may use those credentials to obtain information about you from that third party. See Section 1.4 (Information from Other Sources) and 3.5 (Social Sites) for more information. When you register an Account and log in to a **YI Services** you must provide your current, complete, and accurate information. It is your responsibility to keep your information up to date. We are not responsible for any problems, interruptions in access, or liability that may arise if you do not give us complete and accurate information or if you fail to update your information so that it is current. 

**(b) Product Set Up.** In order to use certain products such as our camera products, you will need to associate the product with your Account following the directions provided with the product. When you associate a product with your Account you will need to provide WIFI network information (may including username and password) and provide a unique identifier associated with your Account (e.g. by scanning a QR code we provide you). Once a product is associated with your Account it will remain associated until you unbind the product from your Account, or terminate your Account. 

**(c) Correspondence.** If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us information about your use of the **YI Services** , we may save the information in a profile specific to you. 

**(d) Information You Provide to Others.** You may choose to share information with third-parties such as social networking Sites like Facebook and We Chat (“Social Sites”) by “sharing” videos and photos. See Section 3.5 (Social Sites) for more information. 

**1.3. Automatically Collected Information.** We will collect some information about you and any product or device you use to access or use the **YI Services** automatically using a variety of technologies. In general, automatically collected information about the use of **YI Services** does not directly identify you and the information may include your diagnostic log information, IP address, browser type and language, referring/exit pages and URLs, other browser history, platform type, number of clicks, landing pages, cookie information, the pages you requested and viewed, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the actions performed in the APP, the info(OS type/version, network, etc.) of the phone which the APP was installed, and the date and time. We collect this information for the purposes described in this Policy, including to better understand our customer base and to improve the quality of our **YI Services**. 

**(a) Video Transmission.** The primary mode of transmission of video from our camera products to our mobile apps is through a peer-to-peer connection. When encountered unreliable peer-to-peer network condition, the YI Home Camera may opt to relay videos through our servers to the mobile app to achieve optimal viewing experience. In such occasion, both videos and the transmission channel are securely encrypted. The role of our servers are only to act as relay agent, and they do not store video content transmitted to or through them in connection with our provision of **YI Services**. 

**(b) Activity Alert Video/Picture.** This is an optional feature, and off by default, and user needs to manually activate this feature in the APP before transmission happens. Turning this feature OFF will NOT affect the normal operations of YI Home/Dome Cam and its APP. If the user chooses to turn on this feature, the video/picture is encrypted individually, at most 10 seconds, may be transferred to and stored on our servers when the camera has detected activity, provided that you have activated the “activity alerts” functionality within the mobile app for YI Home Camera. If you don’t delete the videos stored on our servers, they shall be automatically deleted on a regular basis (typically seven days). However we cannot ensure that residual copies do not survive elsewhere (e.g., in a cache or backup). 

**(c) Cookies.** A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer. Our third-party analytics provider uses cookies to record information about your activities on the **YI Services** to “remember” you when you return to the **YI Services**. Some cookies remain on your computer or device until you delete them. Others, like session ID cookies, expire when you close your browser. You may set your browser setting to attempt to reject cookies and you may still use the **YI Services**. See the section “Do-Not-Track-Settings” below for more information on how the **YI Services** may respond to your browser settings. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. See Section 4 (THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS) for more information and review the privacy policies of all third-party providers for more information on third-party cookies. 

**(d) Pixels (aka web beacons/web bugs/Java Script).** Pixels are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that are used to track the online movements of web users. Unlike cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, pixels are small graphics that are about the size of the period at the end of the sentence that are embedded invisibly on web pages or in HTML-based emails. Our third-party analytics provider uses information obtained from pixels to help us improve our **YI Services**. We do not control the use of pixels by third parties. See Section 4 (THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS) for more information and review the privacy policies of each of the third-party providers for more information on third-party pixels. 

**(e) Video content.** In general, YI does not view, monitor or in any way see your personally identifiable video content except with your permission and authorization and only in regard to technical support issues. 

**1.4. Information from Other Sources.** We may obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from business partners, Social Sites, and other third parties and add it to our account information or other information we have collected. We also collect information from Social Sites when you register or log in to use our **YI Services** by using your Social Site log-in and password. For example, our Site allows you to create an account and login using your Facebook account credentials and, in addition to allowing you to log in to the Site and share videos with Facebook, we also use your authorization to obtain the following information from Facebook: Facebook username, first name, last name, and profile picture. The information we collect may depend on the privacy settings you have with the Social Site, so please consult the Social Site’s privacy and data practices. 

**2\. USE OF INFORMATION**

 **2.1. General.** We may use your personally identifiable information (including tracking information) to manage your Account. We may also use it to operate, maintain, and improve the **YI Services** (including providing you a more personal experience); communicate with you; provide you information about products and **YI Services** (including products and services of third parties); market; research purposes; resolve disputes; collect fees owed; detect and protect against errors, fraud, and criminal activity; assist law enforcement; enforce this Policy and any the terms related to our **YI Services** ; and any other purpose described in this Policy or that we describe to you at the time of collection. 

**2.2. Email Communications.** We may use your personally identifiable information to send you emails or other communications related to your Account or the **YI Services** , or in response to your inquiries or requests. You may not opt-out of receiving service-related messages that are not promotional. We may also send you marketing emails, surveys, or newsletters to notify you about products or services that may be of interest to you. If you would like to stop receiving marketing emails from us, please click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive. If you opt-out, you will continue to receive service-related emails. 

**2.3. Non-identifying Information.** We may use non-identifying information for any lawful purpose, including analyzing trends, research, **YI Services** administration, tracking users’ movements around the **YI Services** , and to improve our business and the **YI Services**. 

**2.4. Retaining Your Information.** In general, we will retain your information as long as legally required or allowed. If you cancel your Account or your Account is otherwise terminated, we may but are not obligated to, delete information we have collected or obtained from third parties and we may continue to use and disclose it in accordance with this Policy. But you can delete your account information manually, and it will be purged from our system. 

**3\. INFORMATION SHARING**

 **3.1. General.** We will not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes. However, we may disclose your information to any affiliated entity or organization and to agents and service providers. We may also share non-identifying information with third parties for any lawful purpose, including analyzing trends, research, **YI Services** administration, tracking users’ movements around the **YI Services** , and to improve our business, products, **YI Services** , and the **YI Services**. Use of information by affiliated entities and organizations will be subject to this Policy or an agreement that is at least as restrictive as this Policy. For information on the use of information by agents and service providers see Section 4 (THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS). 

**3.2. Legal Requirements.** In some cases, we may disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law; if we believe that disclosure is needed to protect our rights; to government regulators; to law enforcement authorities; in connection with any judicial proceeding, court order, subpoena, or legal process served on us or the **YI Services** ; and to respond to a physical threat to you or another person. 

**3.3. Insolvency and Business Transitions.** If we ever file for bankruptcy or engage in a business transition such as a merger with another company or if purchase, sell, or reorganize all or a part of the **YI Services** or our business or assets, we may disclose your personal information, including to prospective or actual purchasers in connection with one of these transactions. 

**3.4. Camera Sharing.** Some of the **YI Services** permit you to share access to our camera products that you own with others. If you share access to your camera by authorizing a third party on your Account, the third party will be permitted to access that camera and to record videos from that camera until you remove them from your Account. We encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to enabling third party access your cameras because we do not control the actions of any third party and cannot stop them from sharing videos obtained from your camera with others. 

**3.5. Social Sites.** In addition to using Facebook credentials to set up an Account, certain **YI Services** may permit you to choose to share information and videos taken with our camera products with Social Sites. When you choose to share with a Social Site, we may share that video or information as well as additional personal information about you with the Social Site. Information shared with a Social Site is subject to that Social Site’s privacy policy and practices, you should familiarize yourself with the Social Site’s privacy policy and practices before sharing. Facebook’s Data Policy is located at www.facebook.com/about/privacy. 

**3.6. Disclaimer.** We cannot ensure that all of your personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Policy. For example, we may be required to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the **YI Services**. No transmission of data over the internet can be 100% secure. 

**4\. THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS.**

 **4.1. General.** We use third parties to help us operate and improve the **YI Services**. We may provide these third parties information we collect and they may collect information from you and about your use of the **YI Services**. We may provide information we collect to third parties and it will, unless specifically noted otherwise in this Policy, be governed by this Policy and may only be used by those third parties to help us operate or improve our business or the **YI Services** and provide services to us. We do not control information collected by third parties and are not responsible for their use of that information. Please review their privacy policies for more information on their information collection, use, and sharing practices. 

**4.2. Google Analytics.** We use Google, a third-party analytics provider, to collect information about **YI Services** usage and the users of the **YI Services** , including demographic and interest-level information. Google uses cookies and pixels to collect demographic and interest-level information and usage information from users that visit the **YI Services** , including information about the pages where users enter and exit the **YI Services** and the pages users view on the **YI Services** , time spent, browser, operating system, and IP address. Cookies and pixels allow Google to recognize a user when a user visits the **YI Services** and when the user visits other websites. Google uses the information it collects from the **YI Services** and other websites to share with us and other website operator’s information about users including age range, gender, geographic regions, general interests, and details about devices used to visit websites and purchase items. We do not link the information we receive from Google with any of your personally identifiable information. For more information regarding Google’s use of cookies, pixels, and collection and use of information, see the Google Privacy Policy. If you would like to opt out of Google Analytics tracking, please visit the following link: Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. 

**5\. ONLINE TRACKING AND YOUR CHOICES**

As discussed above, because we and our third-party service providers automatically collect **YI Services** usage information through the use of cookies, pixels and other tracking technologies (including as described in the “Automatically Collected Information” section above, and otherwise in this Policy), your selection of the “Do Not Track” option provided by your browser may not have any effect on our automatically collected information. One way to attempt to “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies and some (but not all) other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser to delete and disable cookies and other tracking/recording tools. However, getting a “Do Not Track” signal to work as you might want is difficult and may not be possible. Using browsers as an example, not all tracking technologies can be controlled by browsers; unique aspects of your browser might be recognizable even if you disable a tracking technology; not all settings will necessarily last or be effective; even if a setting is effective for one purpose data still may be collected for another; and even if one website observes a “Do Not Track” signal, that website usually will not be able to control other websites. 

**6\. INFORMATION SECURITY MEASURES**

Keeping secure personal information that we collect is of great concern to us. While we have mechanisms in place to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. When you provide information to the **YI Services** , you do so at your own risk. 

**7\. CHILDREN**

The **YI Services** are intended for general audiences and are not directed to children under 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us by using the contact information in the Privacy Questions section at the bottom of this Policy, and we will take steps to remove the information and terminate the child's Account. 

**8\. ACCESSING AND UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

If you would like to cancel your Account or update your personally identifiable information associated with your Account, you may make such changes by logging in mobile apps. If you do not want your information accessed or stored as described in this Policy, you should not access, use, or register an Account with the **YI Services**. 

**9\. MODIFICATION OF THIS POLICY**

We will occasionally update this Policy. When we post changes to this Policy, we will revise the "Effective Date” at the top of this Policy. We recommend that you check our **YI Services** from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Policy or any of our other policies. 

**10\. PRIVACY QUESTIONS**

If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please email us at: **support@yitechnology.com**. 
