> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the beforeitsnews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110525050329id_/http%3A//beforeitsnews.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Before It's News

Thank you for visiting BeforeItsNews.com, a division of Before It's News, LLC, a California LLC. ("BIN," "we, "our" or "us"). BIN respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the privacy of any personally identifiable information that we may collect from you as you use this web site. This notice describes our privacy policies. By accessing, using or registering at BeforeItsNews.com you are confirming your agreement to our privacy policies as described in this Privacy Policy. You also should review our [Terms of Service ](https://web.archive.org/terms/)for more information about the policies governing your use of this web site.

1\. INFORMATION WE COLLECT. BIN collects and stores personally identifiable information on certain areas of this web site when users register, post Content (as defined in the BIN Terms of Service Agreement or links, or participate in user posting areas. Such personally identifiable information may include your name, address, age, date of birth, sex, company or school affiliations, education level, email address, telephone numbers and information about your interests and activities. You may elect not to provide certain types of information, but that may result in your being unable to use certain features of this web site.

We also may automatically collect and store certain types of non-personally identifiable information when you visit a page of this web site. For example, we may use "cookies" to obtain information when you access this website. Such information may include your IP address, your browser type, the date and time of your visit, the operating system of your computer and the domain name of your internet service provider, and is used to facilitate access to this web site and to personalize your online experience.

If you post information or other Content about yourself or others, or communicate with others using this web site, we cannot control who reads your postings or what they do with the information you provide. We encourage you to use caution in posting personal information.

2\. USE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION. BIN uses your personally identifiable information to fulfill your requests for information. We may keep any of your personally identifiable information on file and use it to contact you. We also may use personally identifiable information in analyzing the behavior of users of this web site in order to measure interest in specific items posted on this web site. In addition, we may use your email address to contact you about items posted or to be posted on this web site that we think may be of interest to you or to ask you to participate in activities such as surveys. At any time, you may choose to no longer receive emails from BIN by contacting us.

All personal information, such as address, email address or other personal identifying information, entered into BIN by you is private to you except to the extent that you opt to share that information with other BIN members and/or the public, through BIN or otherwise. It is BIN's policy to respect the privacy of Members. Therefore, BIN will not disclose your personal information to any third party unless authorized by you, required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law or comply with legal process served on BIN; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of BIN; (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of other members or the public; or (d) fix or debug problems with the BIN web site. If we do share personally identifiable information with a third party, we will, to the extent practical, require that the recipient protect such information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy but we cannot guarantee how such a third party will use personally identifiable information.

We may use non-personally identifiable, summary or aggregate information that we collect to improve the design and content of this web site and to enable us to further enhance your experience with BIN. We may also share such aggregate information with third parties. Personally identifiable information that you provide is an asset of BIN which may be included in assets transferred to an acquirer if BIN is acquired by a third party.

3\. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEB SITES. We provide links to web sites of third parties as a service to users of our web site. In addition, some of the content appearing to be on this website may in fact be supplied by third parties. We cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection and privacy practices of such third-party web sites, which may differ from BIN's policies with respect to this web site.

4\. ACCESS TO AND CORRECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. You may access, correct, update, and/or delete any personally identifiable information that you have provided to us through this website. You also may unsubscribe from mailing lists or any registrations on this website. To do either of such things, please either follow the instructions on the page of this web site on which you have provided such information or registered, or contact us.

5\. SECURITY. BIN has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration, or destruction. Only authorized BIN personnel are provided access to personally identifiable information, and such personnel are required to treat such information as confidential. Despite these precautions, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will not obtain access to your personally identifiable information.

6\. CHILDREN'S ON-LINE PRIVACY PROTECTION. BIN understands the importance of protecting the privacy of children, especially in an on-line environment. This website is not intentionally designed for or directed at children 13 years of age or younger, and BIN will not intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.

7\. CONSENT, MODIFICATION. By using this web site, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your information by BIN in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. Your visit to this web site and any dispute concerning privacy will be subject to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use Agreement. BIN reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. You agree that your visits to, and use of, this web site will be subject to and bound by the then-current version of this Privacy Policy. The form of our Privacy Policy in effect from time to time will apply to all information that we have collected.

8\. CONTACT OUR PRIVACY DEPARTMENT. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please [contact us.](https://web.archive.org/contact/)

December 4, 2009.
