> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the arzoo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20001203044100id_/http%3A//www.arzoo.com/arzoo/com/arzoo/about/privacy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Arzoo

**Personal Information.** "Personal Information" is information that would by itself allow someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your full name, street address, telephone number, credit card number, Social Security number, or email address. Personal Information does not include information that, by itself, does not permit the identification of individuals.

**Consent and Changes to this Policy.** When you visit Arzoo.com or use any of its features (collectively, the "Service") you agree to be bound by the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20001203044100id_/http%3A//www.arzoo.com/arzoo/com/arzoo/about/terms.jsp). This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and subject to, the Terms of Use. The capitalized terms in this policy have the meaning given them in the Terms of Use. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by notifying you of the changes via the email address you provide to Arzoo or by posting the amended policy on the Service.

**Scope.** This Privacy Policy addresses Arzoo's use and disclosure of Personal Information collected through the Service and explains generally how non-personal information may be collected and used. Other entities (including websites we may link to, services we may co-brand, and companies that may serve advertisements on the Service) may collect Personal Information from you and have their own policies and practices regarding the use of such information. We do not control such policies and practices.

| 

  1. **What Personal Information is Collected.**
    * **Non-Registered Users.** When you visit Arzoo as a non-registered user, our servers automatically collect the following information: (a) the domain name of the Internet service provider you use to access the Internet (for example, aol.com); (b) the date and time you access the Service; (c) the pages you visit on the Service; (d) the domain name of the website from which you linked directly to Arzoo; (e) the domain name of any websites to which you link directly from Arzoo; (f) your IP address; and (g) other information regarding your activity on the Service. None of this information is Personal Information because it does not, by itself, enable Arzoo to personally identify you. 
    * **Registered Users.** If you become an registered user by registering with the Service, we may collect Personal Information when you: (a) register to use the Service; (b) submit or make changes to your Public Profile or Private Account; (c) submit Content to Arzoo, including questions and answers; (d) fill out Arzoo on-line forms requiring Personal Information; (e) seek payment from Arzoo for Content you have submitted; (f) send email messages to us; and (g) visit various places throughout the Service where we may request that you provide, at your option, your name, address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, social security number, or other Personal Information.

We may collect information about your activities while using the Service, including the same information collected from Non-Registered Users (see Section 1.1 above) automatically through our servers or through a feature on your browser known as a "cookie." Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive. Cookies may make your Internet experience quicker and more convenient. For example, cookies may allow your password to be stored on your computer without having to re-enter it each time you visit a website where you are already a registered user. In addition, cookies may allow us to better understand how you use our site, which in turn helps us tailor the Service in ways that reflect your preferences. This practice is common among websites. For more information about cookies, please visit [www.cookiecentral.com](http://www.cookiecentral.com/).

We may also use cookies or similar technologies, or our third party contractors may do so, to collect information used to tailor the advertising delivered to you. This practice is common in Internet advertising. The information collected in this manner may contain Personal Information. If our third party contractors (such as companies that serve ads on the Service) collect this information, then such information is subject to that company's privacy policy and is not addressed or controlled by this policy. Most browsers allow you to configure your preferences to notify you when cookies are being placed on your hard drive and to reject all cookies if you choose to do so. 

Finally, if we receive a complaint or other communication from a third party about you, it may contain Personal Information about you that we may collect in a file for appropriate handling.

  2. **Who is Collecting Personal Information?** Arzoo, Inc., which owns and operates the Service, collects Personal Information on the Service. Our mailing address is 41688 Christy Street, Fremont, California 94538, and our customer service email address is [service@Arzoo.com](mailto:service@Arzoo.com). In addition, any company that serves ads that appear on the Service may collect Personal Information (as noted above) when Members view banner ads or click through such ads on the Service. The use and disclosure of such information is not within the scope of this privacy policy.
  3. **How We Use Personal Information and Disclose it to Third Parties.**
    * **Our Use of your Personal Information.** We use Personal Information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, to improve our content and service offerings and to customize our site's content, layout, and services. We believe these uses allow us to enhance our site and better tailor it to meet our users' needs. For example, we may use your Personal Information: (a) to contact you; (b) to make payments to you and otherwise administer your Arzoo account; (c) to personalize the site in accordance with your requests, your interests; (d) to determine what advertisements and/or promotions are displayed on the pages of the Service you view; and (e) to display to users of the Service information you provide to Arzoo as part of your Public Profile.

When you request payment from Arzoo, you will have to provide us with your Social Security number or taxpayer identification number and other Personal Information so we can properly report the payment to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. We will use and disclose your Social Security number or taxpayer identification number to the relevant government entity only to comply with applicable tax laws. 

    * **Disclosure of your Personal Information.** You should note that Personal Information that you voluntarily disclose to Arzoo for use in your Public Profile, during question-and-answer sessions with other Users, or as part of any Content you submit to public areas of the Service will be displayed publicly on the Service. You should be careful about the information you choose to disclose in these instances given that this information is available to anyone who is using the Service.

As noted earlier, third party ad-serving companies may place cookies on your computer in the process of serving ads to you, and they may monitor such cookies. Any information collected through such cookies is subject to the disclosure policies and practices of the ad-serving companies. We may also use third parties to host and store data on non-Arzoo servers. If such data contains Personal Information, such third parties will be under an obligation to keep such Personal Information confidential and not disclose it to any third parties in violation of Arzoo's privacy policy. 

We may use your Personal Information and any other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Service to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, prevent fraud and enforce our Terms of Use.

Arzoo may share non-personal aggregate or summary information regarding its users with partners or other third parties. In addition, due to circumstances beyond our control we cannot absolutely guarantee that your Personal Information will not be disclosed to any third parties. For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Further, in the unlikely event of a governmental investigation, you authorize us to disclose information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we believe necessary.

  4. **Choices you have regarding Arzoo's Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information.** You can limit the collection and use of different elements of your Personal Information by not participating in those activities in which we collect Personal Information. You may choose to discontinue the collection of your Personal Information by discontinuing your use of the Service. Please note that if you provide any information to parties other than Arzoo (including without limitation other Users), this privacy policy will not apply to such parties' use or disclosure of the Personal Information you disclose to them. We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing information to third parties. 
  5. **How to Correct, Update and Delete Personal Information Collected by Arzoo.** You can access and update your Public Profile and Private Account information by going to the Edit My Public Profile or Update My Private Account Page on [arzoo](http://www.arzoo.com/) and following the instructions on those pages. If you wish to delete your Personal Information, you may do so by requesting that we terminate your membership by writing us at [service@arzoo.com](mailto:service@arzoo.com). Upon such a request, Arzoo will terminate your membership and delete your registration and profile information. However, even if Arzoo deletes your registration information from its current database, your Personal Information may still be stored on other databases (including those kept for archival purposes and those of third parties to whom we disclosed information pursuant to this policy). In addition, your Personal Information that is publicly available on the Service may remain publicly available on the Service after we delete your registration and profile information. 
  6. **Our Security Procedures.** We use industry-standard efforts such as commercial encryption programs to protect communications of certain sensitive information you submit to Arzoo (such as your credit card number or social security number, if you submit this information) and we use firewalls to safeguard the confidentiality of your Personal Information that resides on our servers; however, please be aware that perfect security does not exist on the Internet.


