> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the amailsender.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090619124416id_/http%3A//www.amailsender.com/customerprivacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy of visitors and customers of email marketing software and services from AtomPark Software

## ****Customer personally identifiable information (PII)

All AtomPark Software, JSC customer personally identifiable information (PII) such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, billing information as well as other account information is held in strict confidence! 

Our website doesn't collect PII from the computer of the user.

PII information is requested and collected in conjunction with 

  * purchase of product;

  * registration of our products or services;

  * providing you the services described on our web sites you have requested.




The user would voluntarily supply the company with PII when he wants to buy or subscribe (you MUST provide PII to buy).

We do not sell or share our customer list with PII or any other customer entities!

## Customers and Subscribers E-Mail Tracking

AtomPark Software 's servers do not record e-mail addresses of visitors or customers unless expressly specified for purposes such as a means of identification for a service or tool made available for registered and/or restricted use. 

AtomPark Software will not sell or share subscribers' e-mail address to third parties. E-mail addresses and other associated information generated by the subscribers are held in strict confidence!

Each e-mail address is kept only that the subscriber's follow up messages or company's news may be sent to that email, e-mail addresses may be used also to market AtomPark Software products directly to the customers. 

However, if you wish to avoid receiving any future email news from AtomPark Software, please

  * choose to unsubscribe from receiving AtomPark Software news and products updates at <http://www.atompark.com/members/details.php> (this sections is available for AtomPark Software existing customers only) or 

  * Reply back to our message with 'UNSUBSCRIBE' in the subject line.




## Storing information under your account

Information placed and stored in areas of AtomPark Software's websites (e.g. Members Area, Atomic List Manager Service and Email Tracker Service panels) designed for the storage and retrieval of personal data or providing you the services you have requested is tied to the username and password of the member whose Internet account the information is stored under.   
Information which is stored or which passes through our systems (e.g. e-mail lists or e-mail messages' content, passwords etc) is considered the property of the account owner. 

AtomPark Software does not monitor nor review or read such information without the permission of the owner, except to the extent required to assure the proper functioning of all AtomPark Software products of service related systems. 

AtomPark Software will not disclose information stored under your account to any third party!  


## Your personal data protection

AtomPark Software does not store individual Internet account passwords in an accessible format, and will not divulge or change any passwords on any account without proper authorization from the account owner or responsible party.

In addition, any information collected through our websites or over the Internet is transmitted using current industry-standard security and/or encryption methods aimed at protecting our customer's information from unauthorized access or use.

To help protect your personal data, we recommend that you always keep your password private, and change it periodically.   


## Employees Rights and Liabilities

AtomPark Software employees are authorized to access customer information whenever it is necessary to review your account, provide you with requested information or services, or correct, update, or delete account information. Our employees are required to treat all such personal and account information as confidential. Likewise, all companies (these companies can include banks, registered agents, and other service providers) to whom we do disclose information to under this statement are contractually required to keep this information confidential, and to use it only as it pertains to providing you the services you have requested, and any and all functions attendant with such services.   


## Summary

All customer identifiable and other information that AtomPark Software collects via the Internet, in person, over the phone, or in any other manner is used for internal accounting and customer service purposes, and is NOT sold, rented or disclosed to any outside party that is not involved in the provisioning of your services, and only then on a need to know basis, such information as relates directly to your service, and not your billing information.   


## Contact us

Please direct your questions to AtomPark Software's [Customer Support staff](https://web.archive.org/contact/).
