> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chachingonashoestring.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171212160135id_/http%3A//chachingonashoestring.com/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement - Cha-Ching on a Shoestring™

Your privacy is important to ChaChingonaShoestring.com. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that ChaChingonaShoestring.com collects, and the ways in which ChaChingonaShoestring.com uses that personal information.

### Personal Information Collection

ChaChingonaShoestring.com may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:

  * information about your use of this website (including pages visited; date, time, and duration of visit; browser and operating system information; IP address);
  * information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website (including name and email);
  * information about transactions carried out over this website (including commenting, authoring, and editing);
  * information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services (including automatic notification); and
  * any other information that you send to ChaChingonaShoestring.com.



### Using Personal Information

ChaChingonaShoestring.com may use your personal information to:

  * administer this website;
  * personalize the website for you;
  * enable your access to and use of the website services;
  * send you occasional updates related to ChaChingonaShoestring.com.



Where ChaChingonaShoestring.com discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.

In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, ChaChingonaShoestring.com may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### Securing Your Data

ChaChingonaShoestring.com will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.

### Cross-Border Data Transfers

Information that ChaChingonaShoestring.com collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which ChaChingonaShoestring.com operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.

In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.

You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.

### Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. ChaChingonaShoestring.com uses cookies to help ChaChingonaShoestring.com identify and track visitors, their usage of the ChaChingonaShoestring.com website, and their website access preferences. ChaChingonaShoestring.com visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the ChaChingonaShoestring.com website, with the drawback that certain features of the ChaChingonaShoestring.com website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

### Ads

Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by ChaChingonaShoestring.com and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

### Other Websites

This website contains links to other websites.

ChaChingonaShoestring.com is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.

### Updating This Statement

ChaChingonaShoestring.com may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.

You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.

### Contact ChaChingonaShoestring.com

If you have any questions about this privacy policy or ChaChingonaShoestring.com’s treatment of your personal information, please write by email to kaleyandwes@chachingonashoestring.com.

### This Privacy Statement

This privacy statement is based on a precedent created by [Employmentlawcontracts.co.uk](http://www.employmentlawcontracts.co.uk/ "Employmentlawcontracts.co.uk") and [Automattic Inc.](http://automattic.com/privacy/ "Automattic Inc."), and is available under a [Creative Commons Sharealike](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ "Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike") license.
