> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the channelchooser.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140211042229id_/http%3A//www.channelchooser.com/we/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ChannelChooser - Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy describes the collection, use and disclosure of information ChannelChooser.com. ("ChannelChooser") receives and collects when you access or use ChannelChooser services from the ChannelChooser website (located at www.ChannelChooser.com) (the "Site") or when you access or use ChannelChooser services via the websites of our video service distribution partners (the "Partner Sites"). 

ChannelChooser has developed and maintains a network of video content creators, advertisers, and related technology, that facilitates the download and distribution of video content from participating creators, and links from participating advertisers, to online users (the "ChannelChooser Services"). The ChannelChooser Services enable you to download, share, watch, track, advertise on and generate revenue from video content on ChannelChooser. 

This Privacy Policy describes how ChannelChooser strives to protect the privacy of: (i) artists or owners who create and submit Videos for distribution (our "Makers"); (ii) advertising partners and sponsors who create and submit advertising content or links ("Ads") for distribution with Videos (our "Sponsors"); (iii) distributors or referral partners who share Videos and Ads through various online distribution methods, including websites, email or peer-to-peer networks (our "Sharers"); (iv) users who view and/or interact with our Videos and Ads from our Site or from the Partner Sites ("Watchers"); (v) visitors to the ChannelChooser Site who access our products or services or who submit reviews and comments to our Site (our "Visitors"); and (vi) our members (those Makers, Sponsors, Sharers, Watchers or Visitors) who register with ChannelChooser and create an account (our "Members"). 

Although you may access Videos, Ads and the ChannelChooser Services from Partner Sites, the Partner Sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. ChannelChooser is not responsible for the privacy practices, policies or content of such Partner Sites. ChannelChooser encourages users to read the posted privacy policies whenever interacting with any website to learn more about the privacy practices of that website. ChannelChooser has no control over the use of a user's personal information by third party websites, including Partner Sites, and a Visitor should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personally identifiable information. Partner Sites may use cookies and/or other data collection tools. 

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the ChannelChooser Member Agreement. Your use of the Site and any personal information you provide to ChannelChooser remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Member Agreement. 

ChannelChooser does not collect personally identifiable information (such as name, username, address, phone number or email address) from Watchers viewing or interacting with Videos and Ads. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ChannelChooser does collect certain non-personally identifying information about a Watcher each time a Video is played: For each Video Ad request, ChannelChooser collects a Watcher's Internet Protocol ("IP") address and information that is specific to how a Watcher accesses and uses the Internet, as well as how they view and/or interact with Videos and Ads: these non-personally identifying details include, but are not limited to, the website you are logged onto, the geographic location of the IP address you are using to access the Internet, which and how many web pages you have viewed, search terms used, referring/exit pages, platform type and date/time information, the number and frequency of Watchers to each Video and Ad, the length of their viewing patterns, the type of browser (and browser language) you use when Watching a Video, the operating system your browser uses and what technology is available through your browser in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a Video or Ad (e.g., Flash or HTML) (collectively, with the identification of the Video watched, the "Technology Information"). 

The Technology Information ChannelChooser collects about Watchers is anonymous and does not personally identify a Watcher. It is obtained for the purpose of selecting, delivering (and monitoring delivery and distribution of) Ads when a Watcher has watched a Video, measuring the Video and Ad effectiveness with Watchers and generally improving the ChannelChooser Services. For each Video Ad request, ChannelChooser will use the Technology Information collected to select and display an Ad after the Video play has been completed. Furthermore, ChannelChooser uses the Technology Information collected to analyze trends, audit Videos and Ads watched, monitor Ad clicks, identify our "most viewed" or "most popular" Videos, identify the geographic reach of our Videos and Ads, identify the audience most likely to respond to Videos and Ads, and tailor Ad placements for our Sponsors accordingly. This information may be shared with ChannelChooser's Makers, Sharers, Sponsors, employees, business partners and affiliates. ChannelChooser may aggregate this information and share such aggregated information with interested third parties. In addition, ChannelChooser reserves the right to track IP addresses for the purposes of fraud prevention, and ChannelChooser reserves the right to release IP addresses to legal authorities. 

ChannelChooser uses cookies to help it collect, maintain and use Technology Information. A cookie is a small data file that ChannelChooser transfers to a Watcher's computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes when the Watcher is served a Video and an Ad facilitated by ChannelChooser. Cookies help ChannelChooser better understand the effectiveness of Video and Ad (for example, by tracking the way in which a Watcher responds to, selects and interacts with a Video and Ad or any content provided therein, or the location and context in which a Watcher views a Video and Ad). Please remember, Partner Sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy and Partner Sites may also use cookies and/or other data collection tools. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the ChannelChooser Services and Site may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. ChannelChooser's cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information and they can help control the type of Ad and number of times a Watcher views an Ad. 

Ads may contain links to other websites, including those of our Sponsors. Such websites may use cookies and/or other data collection tools. ChannelChooser is not responsible for the privacy practices, policies or the content of such websites. ChannelChooser encourages Watchers to read the posted privacy policies whenever interacting with any website to learn more about the privacy practices of that website. ChannelChooser has no control over the use of a Watcher's personal information or Technology Information by third party websites, and a Watcher should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personally identifiable information. ChannelChooser does not have access to, or control of, the cookies and/or other data collection tools that may be placed on any Ad by a third-party, including those of our Sponsors, and this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies and/or other data collection tools by any third party. 

The Site, which may be hosted in part or its entirety by a third party, is intended as a portal for Makers, Sharers, Sponsors, Watchers, Visitors, business partners and affiliates to access and use the ChannelChooser Services (including watching and interacting with Videos and Ads) and to offer information about ChannelChooser and the services it provides. The Site is designed so that a Visitor may generally browse it without the collection of any personally identifiable information (except for the Visitor's IP address). When a Visitor uses the Site, ChannelChooser may collect information, including some Technology Information, indirectly and automatically (through the use of cookies, as described in Section 1 above) about the Visitor's Site activity. ChannelChooser uses this activity information for internal purposes such as to administer the Site, improve and customize the Site, help ChannelChooser understand and analyze how the Site is being used and track aggregate Site usage.   
The Site permits Visitors to watch or interact with Videos or Ads on the Site. See Section 1 ("Watchers: Interacting with our Videos and Ads") for more information. The Site also permits members to log into their accounts and access some member-only services. See Section 3 ("Members: ChannelChooser Account Holders") for further information.   
The Site and the ChannelChooser Services are not intended for persons under the age of thirteen (13). If you are under thirteen (13), please do not use the Site or the ChannelChooser Services. 

Participation in and access to certain features and functionality of the Site and ChannelChooser Services, require you to register and create a member account (an "Account") with ChannelChooser. You can choose not to register or provide certain information, but then you may not be able to access or participate in some of the ChannelChooser Services.  
This section of the Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect from our Members in conjunction with their access to, participation in and use of the ChannelChooser Services and related ChannelChooser technology and networks (including but not limited to uploading Videos and accessing their Account portal). To become a Member, you must be at least eighteen (18) years old and otherwise capable of forming legally binding contracts under applicable law.   
ChannelChooser is committed to maintaining the privacy of its Members. 

During Account registration, ChannelChooser will collect personally identifiable information from a Member that may include name, company name, address, email address, telephone and fax numbers, Account password, bank information, credit-card type, number and expiration date, domain address for serving Videos and/or Ads, PayPal email address, social security number and/or Federal Tax ID number, birthdate and other personal information listed in the Account registration form (collectively, a "Member Profile"). We may also ask you to provide us with optional demographic information or information regarding your interests, hobbies or similar information to enhance your viewing experience. 

ChannelChooser's primary goal in collecting a Member Profile is to communicate with such Member, provide such Member with a smooth and efficient experience of the ChannelChooser Services, charge Sponsors, pay Makers and Sharers and to operate, maintain and provide you certain features and functionalities of the ChannelChooser Services. To this end, ChannelChooser may share Member Profiles with third-party service providers and ChannelChooser-related entities worldwide (e.g., its parents, affiliates and subsidiaries and their successors and assigns) in connection with payments and other aspects of operating and promoting the Site and the ChannelChooser Services. We require that these entities agree to use such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Except as explicitly stated herein, ChannelChooser does not sell, rent or trade any Member Profiles to third parties. 

ChannelChooser may use a Member Profile in the following ways:   
1\. (a) ChannelChooser may use a Member's name, address, email address and telephone number: (i) to enable ChannelChooser to process, validate and verify an Account; (ii) to contact the Member regarding Account activities or communications relevant to the ChannelChooser Services; and (iii) to contact the Member about new or existing products and services or special offers.   
2\. (b) ChannelChooser may use an Maker's or Sharer's: (i) name, address, account password, bank information or credit-card number in order to process and remit fees to such Maker or Sharer and/or verify personal information and identity of the Maker or Sharer; and as appropriate (ii) social security number and/or Federal Tax ID number to prepare Form 1099s if necessary and to help ChannelChooser verify such Maker's or Sharer's identity.   
3\. (c) ChannelChooser may use a Sponsor's: (i) name, address, account password, bank information or credit-card number in order to process and charge fees payable by a Sponsor and/or verify personal information and identity of the Sponsor; and as appropriate (ii) social security number and/or Federal Tax ID number to prepare Form 1099s if necessary or to help ChannelChooser verify such Sponsor's identity.   
4\. (d) ChannelChooser uses third-party processing companies (including credit card processing companies) for billing and payment purposes. These third parties may store or retain a Member Profile. These third parties do not have any right to use the Member Profile information ChannelChooser provides to them beyond what is necessary to assist ChannelChooser.   
5\. (e) ChannelChooser may combine the information collected from Members on the Site with information that Members provide to ChannelChooser in connection with their use of other ChannelChooser Services. 

When a Member uses the Site, ChannelChooser collects information indirectly and automatically through the use of both session cookies and persistent cookies (see Section 1, above, for more information on cookies). A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. Such cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions; however, some features of the ChannelChooser Services and Site may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. ChannelChooser automatically collects a Member's Technology Information (including IP address), Site usage and Site activity information when a Member logs into their Account or while using the ChannelChooser Services. ChannelChooser uses this Site activity information to help ChannelChooser evaluate how its Members use and navigate the Site on an aggregate basis, including the number and frequency of Member visits, and the length of their visits. ChannelChooser also uses the non-permanent session cookie to track and maintain a Member's login status during their session on the Site. ChannelChooser also uses this information for internal purposes, such as to help ChannelChooser diagnose any server problems, administer the Site, improve and customize the Site, or help ChannelChooser understand and analyze how the Site is being used. ChannelChooser may link IP addresses to certain personally identifiable information only when reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, enforce applicable Member agreements, including investigation of potential violations thereof, or detect, prevent or protect ChannelChooser against or otherwise address criminal activity, fraud, security or technical issues. 

If a Member does not wish to receive communications from ChannelChooser as contemplated under this Privacy Policy, such Member has the ability to stop receiving these mail communications by logging into their Account and accessing the "Account Preferences" screen in the ChannelChooser Site portal. Members will, however, always receive administrative emails from ChannelChooser that are related to the ChannelChooser Services. 

Members can review, update and edit their Member Profile by logging into their Account and accessing the "Account Preferences" screen in the ChannelChooser Site portal. 

Member Profiles collected may be stored and processed in any country in which ChannelChooser maintains facilities. Consequently, by using our Site, participating in any ChannelChooser Services and/or providing us with your Member Profile information, ChannelChooser has the right to transfer information outside of your country, and you hereby consent to such transfer. If a Member registers an Account via a Partner Site or any website controlled by ChannelChooser or a ChannelChooser-related entity located outside of the United States, such Member Profile must be disclosed to ChannelChooser, which is located inside the United States, in order for the Member to access or use any ChannelChooser Services. Therefore, Member acknowledges and consents to the sharing of its Member Profile with ChannelChooser and ChannelChooser-related entities worldwide. 

ChannelChooser stores Member Profile information in limited access servers. ChannelChooser will maintain commercially reasonable safeguards to protect the security of these servers and the Member Profiles. Although ChannelChooser strives to keep Member Profiles secure, no security measures are absolute or fool-proof, and there is always a possibility that a security breach could occur, resulting in the release of Profile information. 

A Member may unsubscribe from the ChannelChooser Services and request that ChannelChooser remove their Member Profile from the ChannelChooser databases. However, in order to resolve disputes, assist with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental requests or investigations, and due to technical constraints (including the fact that ChannelChooser backs up its systems), a Member's information and transaction history are never completely removed from the ChannelChooser databases. 

ChannelChooser may use and disclose personally identifiable Member Profile information and/or non-personally identifiable information ChannelChooser obtains in special circumstances if ChannelChooser believes, in good faith, that ChannelChooser is required to do so, that such disclosures will potentially mitigate its liability, or are necessary for ChannelChooser to enforce its rights. For example, ChannelChooser may disclose information: (i) to appropriate authorities and/or to banks associated with a Member's Account in order to prevent or report suspected fraud and illegal activities; (ii) where it is necessary for ChannelChooser to enforce the applicable Member agreements; (iii) to resolve disputes, including disputes involving other Members or consumers, in connection with actual or potential parties to a lawsuit or actions that ChannelChooser is or may become involved in, and to identify potential liabilities and troubleshoot problems; or (iv) in order to prevent harm to any persons. In some cases, the government can compel the disclosure of information about a Member, and ChannelChooser will need to comply, in which case Member authorizes ChannelChooser to do so. 

ChannelChooser may also use third-party advertising companies to serve or track ads on the Site and other websites. Such companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to these websites in order to measure advertising effectiveness and to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. The Site may also contain links to other websites, including Partner Sites and the websites of our Sponsors. Such websites may use cookies and/or other data collection tools. ChannelChooser is not responsible for the privacy practices, policies or content of such other websites. ChannelChooser encourages you to read the posted privacy policies whenever interacting with any website to learn more about the privacy practices of that website. ChannelChooser has no control over the use of your personal information by third party websites, including Partner Sites, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personally identifiable information. ChannelChooser does not have access to, or control of, these cookies and/or other data collection tools that may be placed on any advertisement by a third-party, and this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies and/or other data collection tools by any third party. 

From time to time ChannelChooser may ask Members, Visitors or Watchers to respond to surveys or participate in contests, sweepstakes and/or promotions. These activities are entirely voluntary and you may decline to respond or participate. If you choose to provide some of your personally identifiable information in response to a survey, contest, sweepstake and/or promotion, such information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the Site, administering the survey and/or promotion or the use and satisfaction of the ChannelChooser Services. 

Any personal information or Video content that you voluntarily upload to the Site or disclose online (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, within your public profile page, etc.) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. Your account name (not your email address) is displayed to other Site users when you upload Videos or send messages through the ChannelChooser Site and other users can contact you through messages and comments. Any Videos that you submit to the ChannelChooser Site may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public. If you e-mail someone else a Video or other special feature from our Site, we may use the information you provide about someone else to send that person the requested e-mail. If you contact ChannelChooser, or if third parties send ChannelChooser email or other correspondence regarding your activities, ChannelChooser may collect and use such information (including email addresses) in order to respond to the communication and send any relevant or requested information. 

ChannelChooser may sell, transfer, assign or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including user information described in this Privacy Policy, in connection with a merger, consolidation, reorganization or sale of assets. In the unlikely event of bankruptcy or assignment for the benefit of creditors, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred or used. 

ChannelChooser does not knowingly collect personal information from, and our Site is not directed to, children under the age of thirteen (13). If you are under 13 years of age, do not send any information about yourself to ChannelChooser. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, please contact us. If ChannelChooser becomes aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files. 

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. Your use of the Site and the ChannelChooser Services constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy, as may be amended or revised by use, and you are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. 
