> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the channeladvisor.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171213232221id_/https%3A//www.channeladvisor.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - ChannelAdvisor

**I. OVERVIEW**

ChannelAdvisor Corporation and its subsidiaries (“ChannelAdvisor”) provides technology and services that enable industry­-leading companies (“ChannelAdvisor Client(s)”) to market and sell items to their customers online (“Shoppers”) and maximize inventory yield (“Services”). ChannelAdvisor is committed to maintaining the privacy of all users of the website (ChannelAdvisor Clients, Shoppers, and other website visitors are referred to herein collectively as “Users”). If you have accessed this Privacy Policy by clicking on the privacy policy link on a site other than the ChannelAdvisor website, your information may be collected by ChannelAdvisor as a service to the entity that controls such other website and the ChannelAdvisor Privacy Policy terms will apply to the collection of your personal information.

This Privacy Policy describes the ChannelAdvisor practices for gathering, storing, using and disseminating information of Users. By visiting this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions set forth below, please do not use or access the ChannelAdvisor services or website. By using this website, you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of your personal information as outlined below. This Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time. All changes will be posted to this site and you are encouraged to periodically check back to this site for any changes to the Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this website after any posted revision, each User agrees to abide by it. This version supersedes any previous draft.

**II. INFORMATION COLLECTION**

All Users. In general, you can visit this website without revealing any personal information about yourself. ChannelAdvisor may, however, collect automatically submitted information regarding your computer and connection, including previous and subsequent URL, IP address and page viewing data. ChannelAdvisor will collect any comments you may send to ChannelAdvisor and any information you may post to the ChannelAdvisor site or a ChannelAdvisor Client site powered by ChannelAdvisor. ChannelAdvisor may also collect information through the use of Cookies (as defined below). ChannelAdvisor electronically collects and stores personal information you provide when you: (1) register with ChannelAdvisor, (2) become a ChannelAdvisor Client or business partner, (3) participate in the purchase/auction for a product listed by a ChannelAdvisor Client, (4) complete a checkout page for a product purchased from a ChannelAdvisor Client, (5) provide comments or submit a problem to ChannelAdvisor or a ChannelAdvisor Client, (6) request information from ChannelAdvisor and provide your name or return contact information, (7) respond to special offers, contests or surveys; or (8) apply for employment with ChannelAdvisor. ChannelAdvisor may collect and associate the various types of information described in this paragraph, including information gathered from your visits and interactions with our website over time, to record your preferences, make the website easier for you to use, and show you relevant content. At this time, this website does not respond to browser “do not track” signals. ChannelAdvisor Clients may choose whether or not to respond to such signals on their own web properties and ChannelAdvisor has no control over such choices.

Shoppers and ChannelAdvisor Clients. ChannelAdvisor may, on behalf of and at the direction of ChannelAdvisor Clients, electronically collect and store certain personal information about Shoppers, which may include email, billing and shipping addresses, credit card or bank account numbers, purchasing information, product information and product order information. In addition, ChannelAdvisor may, on behalf of and at the direction of ChannelAdvisor Clients, also collect information about Shoppers’ bidding, buying and selling histories as well as third party comments regarding Shoppers’ bidding, buying and selling behaviors. Bidding and buying history may specifically include Shoppers’ histories with respect to any failure to complete sales on winning bids. As part of a registration or checkout process for certain Services, Shoppers may be asked to provide contact and billing information and other personal information. Providing some of the requested information is optional, as indicated at the point of collection; however, such information may be needed to make a purchase from a ChannelAdvisor Client or for ChannelAdvisor to provide the Services. ChannelAdvisor Clients may be required to provide ChannelAdvisor with personal information such as name, title, company name, physical address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information, bank information, username and password.

**III. COOKIES**

“Cookies” are small data files that may be placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit the ChannelAdvisor site or a ChannelAdvisor Client site powered by ChannelAdvisor. Cookies permit the ChannelAdvisor server to identify your browser whenever you interact with the ChannelAdvisor site or a ChannelAdvisor Client site powered by ChannelAdvisor. ChannelAdvisor uses cookies to improve the functionality of its site, to recognize repeat visits by users of its site, and to collect information about its users’ interactions with the Services. These Cookies contain identification information that enables us to streamline your experiences using the Services and the ChannelAdvisor site. These cookies may be placed by ChannelAdvisor or by select third party partners we collaborate with. To learn more or to opt out of placement of these cookies, visit the [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) website or [Digital Advertising Alliance](http://www.aboutads.info/) website. You are always free to set your browser software to decline cookies. However, if you decline cookies, you will be required to reenter your login information each time you access the Services, and you may not be able to optimize the features of the Services. In some cases, you will not be able to access Services if cookies are disabled. By agreeing to accept cookies from ChannelAdvisor’s site or a ChannelAdvisor Client site powered by ChannelAdvisor, the following types of cookies could be placed on your computer.

  * Social Media Cookies: These cookies are used to integrate our site with popular social media sites (Facebook, Twitter, etc.). Social Media cookies allow visitors to share content quickly and easily with their social networks.
  * Analytics Cookies: These cookies are used to measure website traffic and activity.
  * Advertising Cookies: These cookies help correlate online advertising to a visitor’s interests by displaying marketing messages that are relevant to a user based on a user’s browsing history and preferences.



**IV. USE AND DISCLOSURE INFORMATION**

Data Integrity; Choice. ChannelAdvisor will use personal information only in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by a User or to investigate and address technical issues. ChannelAdvisor will take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete and current. ChannelAdvisor will: (a) notify users of ChannelAdvisor’s website if their personal information is to be disclosed to a third party or used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the User the opportunity to choose (opt­-out); and (b) provide the user with the opportunity to opt out. Customer Clients shall notify ChannelAdvisor of any Shopper requests to opt-out. ChannelAdvisor collects aggregate analytics information related to use of the ChannelAdvisor Services by Users (such as log and configuration data). We use this information to understand how the Services are being configured and used, how they can be improved for the benefit of Users, and to develop new Services.

Other Disclosures. ChannelAdvisor may disclose a User’s personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, or if ChannelAdvisor has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to protect and/or defend the rights and interests of ChannelAdvisor or others. ChannelAdvisor may, as permitted by applicable law, disclose your personal information to ChannelAdvisor Clients, other Users or third parties in connection with an investigation of fraud, infringement, piracy or other unlawful activity and you expressly authorize ChannelAdvisor to make such disclosures.

Domestic and International Use. All personal information collected by ChannelAdvisor may be:  
(1) used in the United States; (2) transferred to the United States for use of the Services by a foreign ChannelAdvisor Client if the Services are undertaken by ChannelAdvisor for a Client; or (3) transferred to a ChannelAdvisor location or Client outside of the United States. You consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.

Merger or Acquisition. If ChannelAdvisor is merged into or acquired by another entity, personal information may be transferred to such entity as a part of the merger or acquisition. Should such a transaction occur, we will require that the other entity follow this Privacy Policy or one substantially similar that complies with the Privacy Shield.

**V. USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM SHOPPERS AND CHANNELADVISOR CLIENTS**

Bidding and Buying Process. If you are a Shopper, we share personal information about you with that ChannelAdvisor Client in order to assist you with the bidding and buying process as well as to assist ChannelAdvisor Clients with the selling process. ChannelAdvisor will retain your information at ChannelAdvisor to support the transaction. To the extent that ChannelAdvisor Clients or ChannelAdvisor’s agents have access to a Shopper’s personal information, these entities will treat this information in no less a secure manner than they treat the personal information of customers who purchase directly through the website of that ChannelAdvisor Client. If you are a Shopper, you are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the ChannelAdvisor Clients and/or websites that provide the products or services related to your bid or purchase. Shoppers should contact these ChannelAdvisor Clients and/or websites directly and review their privacy policies should you have questions concerning their use of your information such as, for example, communications you may or may not wish to receive.

Customer Support. Contact information provided by a Shopper in connection with problems, comments or requests is used only to respond to those problems, comments or requests and may be provided to ChannelAdvisor Clients or third parties as necessary to respond to the comment, problem or request.

Marketing/Special Offers/Solicitation from ChannelAdvisor. ChannelAdvisor may use a Shopper’s information to provide updates and for other business purposes related to making available the features and functions of Services. ChannelAdvisor also may use information a Shopper provides to make a Shopper aware of new products or special offers or promotions. ChannelAdvisor will abide by requests from you to discontinue such use. As a Shopper, if you receive communications directly from a ChannelAdvisor Client, you should contact the ChannelAdvisor Client directly concerning such communications and review their privacy policies. A Shopper will receive such information as described in this Section unless a Shopper has opted out of receiving such information from ChannelAdvisor as part of the checkout process. Outside of the checkout process, Shoppers may also opt out of receiving such information (if you have not already opted out of receiving it) by sending a request as described below.

Providing Your Information to Third Parties for Marketing/Solicitation (Shoppers). If you are a Shopper, ChannelAdvisor does not sell your personal information to third parties for purposes of marketing or soliciting you, provided however, we may share personal information with a third party upon your prior consent (opt­out). To the extent that ChannelAdvisor Clients (for example, a seller of an item you purchased) have access to your personal information as a result of your bidding or buying, where ChannelAdvisor provides your information to ChannelAdvisor Clients as part of a transaction you may be involved in with such ChannelAdvisor Client, these entities may solicit or market to you in accordance with their policies. As a Shopper, you are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the ChannelAdvisor Clients that provide the products or services related to your bid or purchase. You should contact ChannelAdvisor Clients directly and review their privacy policies should you have questions concerning their use of your personal information such as, for example, communications you may or may not wish to receive.

Providing Your Information to Third Parties for Marketing/Solicitation (ChannelAdvisor Clients). If you are a ChannelAdvisor Client, ChannelAdvisor may provide certain of your registration information to third parties for use in marketing and in designing or providing their own services, to send you information about its products and to notify you if you win a contest. You may opt out of ChannelAdvisor providing such information to third parties at any time by updating your Personal Account Settings or by contacting ChannelAdvisor. You should contact the third party directly who may already be sending you messages in order to request that these communications stop, and to review their privacy policies.

Bidding, Buying, Selling History. ChannelAdvisor may use any information collected related to a Shopper or ChannelAdvisor Client’s bidding, buying or selling history to generate recommendations and predictions related to likelihood of your willingness to complete a bid and may submit such history and recommendations to ChannelAdvisor Clients.

**VI. ACCESS, REVIEW AND MODIFICATIONS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

If you either (i) have created a Shopper profile, or (ii) opted to receive marketing information from ChannelAdvisor, you may access, modify, remove, correct or update personal information by contacting ChannelAdvisor as indicated in Section XI below. ChannelAdvisor may retain transactional history in order to document a transaction you may have had with a ChannelAdvisor Client. You should contact the ChannelAdvisor Client (for example, the seller of an item you have purchased) directly in order to access, modify or update your personal information with them.

**VII. LINKS TO OTHER SITES**

As a part of the Services, ChannelAdvisor provides links to web sites operated by third parties. ChannelAdvisor is not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices or the content of those third party sites. Users should check the privacy policies of any site prior to use.

**VIII. SECURITY**

ChannelAdvisor treats data as an asset and therefore stores personal information it obtains using appropriate safeguards. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, ChannelAdvisor has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect personal information in its possession from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions, and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from our website. You should consider any communication that you transmit to ChannelAdvisor (such as data, questions or answers, comments, or suggestions) as non­confidential, and agree that ChannelAdvisor will not be liable or responsible if information that belongs to you is intercepted and used by an unintended recipient.

**IX. CHILDREN**

ChannelAdvisor uses reasonable efforts not to collect, use or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13. The Services are not targeted at children, and children may not register for any of the Services.

**X. FURTHER INFORMATION; ENFORCEMENT**

ChannelAdvisor has established internal mechanisms to verify its ongoing adherence to this Privacy Policy. ChannelAdvisor also encourages Users to raise any concerns or complaints about our processing of personal information by contacting ChannelAdvisor. ChannelAdvisor will seek to resolve any concerns. If you have any questions about anything in this Privacy Policy, or about collection of personal information, or information generally, please contact ChannelAdvisor as follows:

ChannelAdvisor Corporation  
Attn: Legal Department – Privacy Officer  
3025 Carrington Mill Blvd., Suite 500  
Morrisville, NC 27560  
Phone: 919­-228­-4700  
Fax: 866-­225­-3085  
Email: [legal@channeladvisor.com](mailto:legal@channeladvisor.com)

For Users located in Australia:  
ChannelAdvisor (AU) Pty Limited  
Attn: Legal Department – Privacy Officer  
Level 1, 2 Stawell Street  
Richmond, Melbourne  
Australia 3121  
Phone: +61 3 8845 6505  
Email: [legal@channeladvisor.com](mailto:legal@channeladvisor.com)

You may also use the above contact information if you think any information about you is inaccurate, incomplete, or if you want to change the sort of information about you that ChannelAdvisor may have collected.

Section Headings. The section headings contained herein are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Privacy Policy.

Privacy Shield. ChannelAdvisor participates in the [EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework](http://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome) designed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and European Commission and is committed to subject to the Privacy Shield Principles all personal data received from the EU in reliance on the Privacy Shield; ChannelAdvisor’s certification can be found [here](http://www.privacyshield.gov/list). ChannelAdvisor entities adhering to the Privacy Shield include: ChannelAdvisor Corporation; CA Washington, LLC; ChannelAdvisor Hong Kong Limited; ChannelAdvisor UK Limited; ChannelAdvisor (AU) Pty Limited; ChannelAdvisor Brasil Tecnologia Ltda.; ChannelAdvisor GmbH; ChannelAdvisor Ireland Limited; ChannelAdvisor (Shanghai) Information Technology Co., Ltd.; and ChannelAdvisor Brands UK Limited. For personal information received by ChannelAdvisor from Users in the EU, ChannelAdvisor adheres to the following additional principles:

Dispute Resolution. Complaints based on human resources data of ChannelAdvisor employees and job applicants in the EU that cannot be resolved between ChannelAdvisor and a User will be referred to EU Data Protection Authorities. All other complaints concerning ChannelAdvisor’s Privacy Shield compliance should be directed to: [legal@channeladvisor.com](mailto:legal@channeladvisor.com). ChannelAdvisor will respond in forty-five (45) days. If ChannelAdvisor fails to respond within that time or if ChannelAdvisor’s response fails to address your concern, you may contact the [American Arbitration Association](http://info.adr.org/safeharbor), which provides an independent third-party dispute resolution body based in the United States. The [American Arbitration Association](http://info.adr.org/safeharbor) will respond to your complaint and provide appropriate recourse at no cost to you. If neither ChannelAdvisor nor the [American Arbitration Association](http://info.adr.org/safeharbor) resolves your concern, you may have the right to invoke binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel.

Transfers to Third Parties. When ChannelAdvisor uses other third parties to perform Services on its behalf or otherwise transmits personal information to third parties, ChannelAdvisor will require the third party to treat personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy and the [EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework](http://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome), and ChannelAdvisor may be liable if such third parties fail to meet those obligations or if ChannelAdvisor is responsible for the event giving rise to the harm.

Through its Privacy Shield Framework participation, ChannelAdvisor is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.

Revised September 2016
