> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chapman.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151226175219id_/http%3A//chapman.edu/campus-services/information-systems/security/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Chapman University

## Chapman University Use of Personal Information

Chapman University recognizes the importance of protecting the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of personal information. Consequently, we have instituted the set of information practices and rights described below. Please note that this page offers some links to external sites, to which these privacy practices and rights do not apply.

## What Personal Information Does Chapman University Hold? How Is It Obtained?

We collect basic personal information (such as Name, Organization name, Organization state, Contact information, Job title, Postal address, E-mail address, Phone, Personal URL, Academic major/minor) ONLY if you provide it to us voluntarily through e-mail, electronic forms, surveys, inquiries, or otherwise. 

Other information that may be held includes but is not limited to:

  1. Emergency Contact Information
  2. Special Needs Information; as in a speaker or faculty member at a Chapman University event or that of one of its affiliates (we maintain biographical information used in the event)
  3. Online programs as well as evaluation results submitted by attendees after your session(s). If you participate in a secured SharePoint Team Web site, we collect site access and contribution information.



This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses persistent cookies to analyze how users use this site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Learn more about [Google's Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/) and the Google Analytics Terms of Service.

### Cookies

We use cookies to help manage secure web site sessions such as online forms or surveys. A cookie is a piece of data that is either maintained only for the duration of a particular session visit or is stored on the user's computer to support future visits. We use both types of cookie.

Session cookie – This type of cookie is used to enhance and make more efficient the user's experience during a site visit. Once the user closes the browser, the cookie terminates.

Persistent cookie – This type of cookie stores a small text file on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time to remember visit activity that will help make subsequent visits more efficient. Persistent cookies can be removed by following the user's Internet browser help directions.

## How Does Chapman University Secure Your Personal Information?

The personal information we collect is stored in databases and files that are protected by passwords and firewalls. In addition, online forms used for financial transactions are secured with SSL encryption technology to ensure the safety of sensitive information transmitted through them. 

## How Does Chapman University Use Your Personal Information?

We use anonymous, aggregated data about Web site visitors' site usage and technical capabilities as well as about HTML message opening and click-through rates to improve online services and communications.

## How Does Chapman University Handle Legally Issued Subpoenas and Law Enforcement Agency Requests?

Chapman University may disclose personal information if we are required to do so to comply with the law or with legal process.

## Is credit card / transaction information secure on this Web site?

We care about the safety and security of your transaction. We use SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) to communicate with your browser software when you register with us online. SSL is the industry standard security protocol, which makes it extremely difficult for anyone else to intercept your credit card or other information that you send us.  
We have partnered with the commercial Internet financial service, TouchNet to handle credit card transactions, and we do not store credit card information after the transaction is processed.  See [TouchNet's privacy policy](http://www.touchnet.com/prod/touchnet-privacy-policy.html).

## What Other Exceptions Are There?

Chapman University reserves the right to use personal information in its database to identify the source of any inappropriate use of information resources managed by the association, including but not limited to: offensive or illegal postings to online discussion lists, collaboration sites, and other communication vehicles; denial of service actions; unauthorized use of online services and network infrastructure; misuse or unauthorized use of the Chapman University name, logo, or other representations of the association; and to protect the personal safety and privacy of our members, online users, and the public under the policies and practices described above.

This is the privacy policy for the Common App which we use for undergraduate students to apply to Chapman:  
<https://www.commonapp.org/PrivacyPolicy.aspx>

## Is my Student Google Mail account secure and private?

This service is being provided by the University as the primary email/collaboration system for eligible students.

Google Apps for Education accounts have been customized for optimal educational collaboration. Chapman University has taken steps to ensure that your student data is protected above and beyond a publicly available account. As an organization, Google is currently SAS 70 Type I compliant.

Google has promised to uphold a strict privacy policy and to always treat your personal information with the utmost care and security. Read more about  
Google Privacy at: <https://www.google.com/a/help/intl/en/admins/privacy.html>   
Or Google Security at: <https://www.google.com/a/help/intl/en/admins/security.html>

Google has agreed that Chapman University student data is subject to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) when in Google's possession.

## What should I do if I have questions?

If you have questions about our privacy policy, please contact [LegalAffairs@chapman.edu](mailto:LegalAffairs@chapman.edu).

## Consent

By using this site, you signify your consent to Chapman University's on-line privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update, change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy from time to time.  
This Privacy Policy has been developed with the recognition that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving and that underlying standard business models are still not well established. Accordingly, this Privacy & Security Statement is subject to change. Any such changes will be posted on this page.

## Reporting Copyright Infringements

In accordance with Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), Chapman University has designated an agent DMCA-agent@chapman.edu to receive notification of a claim of copyright infringement for the Chapman University network domain. To report a claim of possible copyright infringement, please refer to our DMCA Notification Agent page.
