> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the charityjob.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141216115108id_/http%3A//www.charityjob.co.uk/info/legal/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CharityJob - Privacy and Cookie Policy

Jobladder Limited ("We") is committed to protecting your personal information and other data provided to us via this and any other JobLadder Website (" **Website** ").

This Privacy & Cookie Policy (together with our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/info/legal/termsofuse) and any other documents referred to on it) explains what information We collect about you, and how We collect and use your information, including setting out the circumstances where We could provide it to third parties.

<

Jobladder Limited ("We") is committed to protecting your personal information and other data provided to us via this and any other JobLadder Website (" **Website** ").

This Privacy & Cookie Policy (together with our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/info/legal/termsofuse) and any other documents referred to on it) explains what information We collect about you, and how We collect and use your information, including setting out the circumstances where We could provide it to third parties.

You should read this policy and the separate [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/info/legal/termsofuse) carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how We will treat it.

For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is JobLadder Limited, 76 Hanover House, Coombe Road, Kingston upon Thames, KT2 7AZ.

  1. **Information We may collect from You and what do We do with it**
    1. To take advantage of some of our services and the information provided on our Website, you will be required to log on or register with the Website. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Website. The information will be collected when you register with the Website in order to use any of the services available via the Website.
    2. If you choose to advertise on the Website, certain personal information or data (including credit card and billing information) about you may be captured electronically or otherwise. In the event that such personal information or data is part of your advert, such personal information or data (excluding financial information or credit card or other payment details) will be posted to the Website as applicable and may be accessed by users of the Website.
    3. We will use the information that We collect to personalise your experience on the Website, to help you log on in future and to continue to use the Website, and to help us select services or materials for inclusion on the Website that may be of interest to you. We may need to pass your information to third parties who help us to maintain, administer or develop the Website but, if so, that information is only given to those third parties for that limited purpose.
    4. We also monitor traffic patterns and usage of our Website to help us improve our Website design and layout. We may pass this information to our partners, affiliates or other third parties but it will not contain any personally identifying information.
    5. If you conduct any transactions through the Website, details of these transactions that you carry and of the fulfilment of your orders may be captured, stored and used by us for the purposes described above. Details of your visits to our Website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own record or billing purposes or otherwise and the services and resources that you access may also be captured, stored and used by us for these purposes.
    6. JobLadder may want to contact you to notify you of news about JobLadder, changes to the Website, special events or new services or opportunities that We think may interest you or JobLadder may use your details and information to communicate to you offers for services or goods from other companies within the JobLadder group or other companies which We think may be of interest to you. However, JobLadder will not contact you for these purposes unless you authorise us to do so by either ticking the relevant boxes (i.e. during registration on the Website) to authorise JobLadder to make such contact or you provide such authorisation in writing to JobLadder or electronically via the Website (if applicable). If, at any time thereafter, you change your mind and would rather not be contacted by JobLadder (or the third parties described above) to receive such information, please send an email to [info@charityjob.co.uk](mailto:info@charityjob.co.uk) with an explanation that you no longer wish to receive such information or in the event that you have received a communication containing such information, please click on the unsubscribe link set out in that communication. In those circumstances, JobLadder will not contact you again in relation to the information described above in this paragraph 1.5. However, JobLadder and/or its group companies will still use your details to send you information and communications in relation to the services or products for which you have registered.
    7. If you want to update any of your information held by JobLadder, you can either make certain changes on-line while you are logged in, or you can send an email detailing the required amendments to [info@charityjob.co.uk](mailto:info@charityjob.co.uk).
    8. JobLadder reserves the right to access and disclose personal data or information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate its systems properly, or to protect itself or its users.
    9. In addition to the above, We may collect and process information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by Jobladder Limited, and when you report a problem with our Website.
    10. If you contact us, We may keep a record of that correspondence. We may also ask you to complete surveys that We use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
  2. Disclosure of your Information with Third Parties 
    1. From time to time, JobLadder may choose to pass your details to carefully selected, trusted third parties so that they can also provide you with details of other services or products that might be of interest to you. If you do not wish us to do so, you should follow the procedure set out in paragraph 1.6 above and We will not provide your information to third parties for such purposes.
    2. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties: 
      1. In the event that We sell or buy any business or assets, in which case We may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
      2. If Jobladder Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets;
      3. If We are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/info/legal/termsofuse) and other agreements; or
      4. to protect the rights, property, or safety of Jobladder Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
    3. We follow security procedures as required by the Data Protection Act 1998 (United Kingdom) in the storage and disclosure of personal information that you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access to such information. At times We may let you know about the products or services provided by carefully selected third parties. We will only deal with partners who comply with the UK Data Protection Act 1998 as amended from time to time) and any other applicable data protection legislation or regulations, or with whom We are satisfied have appropriate measures to protect data. However, JobLadder shall have no liability to you in respect of any breach of security by a third party.
  3. Your Consent 
    1. You acknowledge and agree that: 
      1. in the course of using this Website or registering with it and any services offered via this Website, certain information about you will be captured electronically or otherwise and transmitted to JobLadder and/or, potentially, to any third parties as set out above or to third parties who host our web servers or assist us in maintaining this Website; and
      2. JobLadder may send your information outside of the European Economic Area for processing or use in accordance with this Privacy & Cookie Policy.
    2. You consent to the use, storage, or processing of your personal information by JobLadder (or any third party JobLadder uses for carrying out credit checks) for the purposes of carrying out any credit checks in the event that you enter into any financial transaction with JobLadder.
    3. If ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction to provide any of your personal information collected by JobLadder as described in this Privacy & Cookie Policy, you consent to JobLadder providing such personal information to that court in accordance with the court's instructions.
    4. By using this Website, you expressly agree to the collection and use of your information as set out above for the purposes set out in this Privacy & Cookie Policy.
  4. IP Addresses and Cookies - What are 'Cookies' and how do We use them? 
    1. A cookie is a piece of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard drive on visiting the Website, a cookie will be placed on your computer automatically by JobLadder's Website. JobLadder may use two types of cookies from time to time: "persistent" cookies and "session" cookies. Session cookies are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the Website and persistent cookies are cookies which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie). More information regarding the use of cookies can be found at [www.aboutcookies.org/page-3](http://www.aboutcookies.org/page-3).
    2. JobLadder uses cookies for monitoring load balancing between its servers while you are linked to the Website, to conduct analyses of user traffic, and to perform web log audits. Third party advertisers may serve cookies via this Website but these are only used to serve advertisements from the Website's advert servers and to track whether these advertisements are clicked on by visitors to the Website. JobLadder may pass the non-personal information collected by its cookies to third parties but only for the purposes of carrying out such monitoring, analysis or web log auditing, or for the purposes of tracking the number or anonymous users of the Website.
    3. JobLadder does not use its persistent or session cookies to store personal information about you, except to store your login details to save you having to type in your details each time you log in, and in order to recommend suitable vacancies to you based on your previous activity on the Website.
    4. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but you have the ability to accept/decline cookies by altering the settings in your browser to prevent automatic acceptance of cookies. If you decline/disable cookies, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of the Website or the Website may not be available to you. To remove cookies from your web browser or to obtain further details on cookies, including information on persistent and session cookies, please go to [www.aboutcookies.org/page-3](http://www.aboutcookies.org/page-3).
  5. Links to Other Sites 
    1. Our Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
  6. Your Rights 
    1. You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if We intend to use your data for such purposes or if We intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms We use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at [info@charityjob.co.uk](mailto:info@charityjob.co.uk).
  7. Access to Information 
    1. The Data Protection Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information We hold about you.
  8. Data Protection Indemnity 
    1. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, you acknowledge that in the course of you using the services that We provide or advertising goods or services on our Website, certain personal data about you, your employees, agents or subcontractors or certain personal data of third parties appearing in the advertising you requested to appear on our Website may be captured electronically or otherwise by us. If this is the case, you shall ensure that you have obtained the express consent of any employees, agents, subcontractors or any applicable third parties to the transfer of their personal data to us to use, store and process such personal information for the purposes set out in this Privacy & Cookie Policy, including where such personal data forms part of the advertising and is posted to the Website for accessed by users inside and outside of the European Economic Area. You shall indemnify JobLadder from and against all claims by any employees, agents, subcontractors or any third parties arising out of your failure to obtain the consent described in this paragraph 8.
  9. Changes to Privacy & Cookie Policy 
    1. We reserve the right to add to or change the terms of this Privacy & Cookie Policy in our sole discretion, without prior notice to you. If We change this Privacy & Cookie Policy, We will post the new Privacy & Cookie Policy on the Website, and it will become effective from the time of posting to the Website. Please visit this Privacy & Cookie Policy on a regular basis to make sure you have read the latest version and you understand what We do with your information. Wherever possible, We will give you notice of any changes prior to their implementation.
  10. Feedback 
    1. If you have any queries or problems with regard to this Privacy & Cookie Policy or the uses to which We put your information, please email us at [info@charityjob.co.uk](mailto:info@charityjob.co.uk).


