> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chartboost.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121127170314id_/https%3A//www.chartboost.com/web/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Chartboost

### Last updated: August 20, 2012

OVERVIEW

This privacy statement ("Privacy Policy") explains how information (both customer and end user information) is collected and utilized by Chartboost, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies ("Chartboost", "our", or "we"). This Privacy Policy applies to the websites provided by Chartboost, including without limitation, www.Chartboost.com (the "Sites") and Chartboost's online services ("Online Services"). "You", "your", or "customer" refers to our customers. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any information and do not use the Online Services. If you have any concerns about privacy, please send an email to privacy@chartboost.com. We are located at 185 Clara St. Room 101A San Francisco, CA.

1-COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION

Our primary goals in collecting and using information are to provide and improve the Online Services, to administer and assist you with your Online Services account, and to provide you with a better experience with the Online Services. We store and process information in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States and choose to provide information to us and/or enable us to collect information from your end users, you hereby consent to the transfer of such information to the United States and represent and warrant that you have obtained all required end user consents. 

Registration: During the registration process on our Sites, you may be asked for certain information, which may include your name, your email address, the company for which you work, your country, and a password. This registration information is used to validate customers when they visit the Sites. It may also be used to send you additional promotional information about our services. If you were entered in a Chartboost promotion in connection with your registration, we will also use your name and email address to contact you if you have won a prize in that promotion, and will ask you for the address at which you would like to receive your prize. We store all data associated with your account, including your contact information, your applications and your campaigns. 

Cookies and Beacons: A "cookie" is a small text file that contains a string of alphanumeric characters. There are two types of cookies that may be used at the Chartboost Sites: a persistent cookie and a session cookie. A persistent cookie gets entered by your Web browser into the "Cookies" folder on your computer and remains in this "Cookies" folder after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Sites. A session cookie is held temporarily in your computer's memory and disappears after you close your browser or shut off your computer. The Sites may also use Web beacons (also called "clear GIFs" or "pixel tags") in conjunction with cookies. Web beacons are small strings of code that are placed in a Web page.

If you have arrived at the Sites by clicking on a banner ad for one of our products or services, a session cookie may be used. This cookie will contain an identification number for the ad that you clicked on, or will contain an identification number for the Sites that you were visiting when you clicked on the banner ad. This session cookie helps Chartboost determine which of our ads attract the most visitors. If, after you arrive at our Sites, you choose to request further information from us about our products and services, the information that you provide in that request will be linked to the information in the session cookie. This also helps Chartboost measure the effectiveness of our advertising. Because this is a session cookie, it will disappear once you have closed your browser. Chartboost Sites may use persistent cookies, Web beacons and information collected in our log files (such as Internet Protocol Address, referring URLs, etc.) about your activity at the Sites to better understand how the Sites are used, resolve technical problems, and enhance your experience at the Sites. We may use a third-party email technology to send emails that you have agreed to receive. Web beacons are used in those email messages to measure the effectiveness of our advertising. In addition, Chartboost may serve ads on the Sites using our own ad serving technology. In doing so, one of our ad servers will place or read a unique ad-serving cookie on your computer and will use information about your browser and your activity at the Sites. The ad serving cookie is a persistent cookie.

Services: When an ad is served through our Online Services, we may collect the following from your end users' devices: bundle id, language id, operating system version, device model, software developer kit (sdk) version, device identifier (e.g., UDID or Android_ID), IP address, and Media Access Control (MAC) address. The information we access and collect may determine the nature of the ad that the end user sees. For example, we use the IP address to create a country code to help advertisers target advertising campaigns by country. We may generate a cookie based on a device identifier or use other technologies to record information about the ads an end user is shown, as well as the ads an end user clicks and other actions the end user takes within the application. We share device identifiers and a hash of the MAC address with advertisers so that they can track average revenue per user (ARPU) and life time value (LTV) for the end users they acquire through the advertisements. All of the information we collect about your end users is presented to you through a dashboard (accessible through your account) including information analyzed by our analytics service (currently provided by a third party). You cannot access data about the end users of another customer through the Online Services. 

In the Chartboost software developer kit developers may download into their applications to access our Online Services, we offer developers the option to enable an opt-out from any tracking for end users. We encourage you to take advantage of this option or implement one of your own. 

2-INFORMATION SHARING OR DISCLOSURE

In the event that we contract with a third party to provide some part of the service that you have requested or to assist us in analyzing our service or information collected about you and/or your end users, Chartboost may provide your information and/or your end user information to such third party, or such third party may collect information from you or the end users on our behalf. We may share your information and end user information with third parties with whom we have a strategic relationship, such as advertisers. The information shared with these third parties may be used for industry analysis, tracking ad conversions or demographic profiling. We may also provide your information and end user information to our business partners or other trusted entities for the purpose of providing you with information on goods and services we believe will be of interest to you. We will disclose any information about you or your end users to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Chartboost or any third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable. In addition, we may disclose information to third parties in connection with a corporate re-organization, merger or amalgamation, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets. Finally, we may share aggregate or anonymous information about you or your end users with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.

3-PRIVACY POLICIES

All Chartboost customers that display ads through the Online Services must comply with all applicable laws and post a privacy policy that discloses the customer's use of services like Chartboost and the information such services collect, store and use. All customers must ensure that they have end user consent to use our Online Services and for Chartboost to collect, use and store end user data. We are not responsible for your use of end user data or the use of end user data by third party advertising networks you use with the Online Services. End users should review your privacy policies for information about your data practices.

4-CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY

Chartboost has implemented reasonable security measures in order to protect your information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur; we make good faith efforts to prevent such occurrences. We do not warrant or represent that your account or any of your information or end user information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.

5-COMPROMISE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

In the event that any personal information (as defined by applicable law) is compromised as a result of a known or suspected breach of security, we will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures required by applicable law.

6-COMMUNICATIONS

It is our policy to provide communications, whether such communications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to our customers via e-mail notice, written or hard copy notice, or through posting of such notice on our Sites, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to our customers.

7-CHILDREN

The Online Services are not directed to children under the age of 13. Customers must not use our Online Services to provide advertisements to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our files.

8-CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may change this Privacy Policy at any time, at our sole discretion. Any such changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the "Last Updated" date above.

9-CONTACT

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@chartboost.com. We're at 185 Clara St. Room 101A, SF, CA.
