> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chase.be privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190613072358id_/http%3A//chase.be/chase/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Chase.be

Version 0.1.  
This page was last modified on 24.05.2018.

We are aware of the fact that you have confidence in Chase. We, therefore, see it as our responsibility to protect your privacy. On this page, we will let you know what information we collect when you use our website, why we collect this data and how we use it to improve your user experience. This way you’ll understand exactly how we work. This privacy policy applies to the services of Chase. You should be aware that Chase is not responsible for the privacy policy of other sites and sources. By using this website you accept the privacy policy.

## Use of our contact form

When you use our contact form, we ask you to provide us with some personal information. This data is used to get back in touch with you. The data is stored on secure servers of Chase or that of a third party. We will not combine this information with other personal information we have.

## Communication

When you send emails or other messages to us, we may retain those messages. Sometimes we may ask you for your personal details that are relevant to the situation in question. This makes it possible to process your questions and answer your requests. The data is stored on secure servers of Chase or that of a third party. We will not combine this information with other personal information we have.

## Cookies & Facebook Pixel

We collect data for research in order to gain a better insight into our customers, so that we can tailor our services accordingly. This website has a Facebook Pixel installed and uses “cookies” (text files placed on your computer) to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website can be transferred to secure servers of Chase or that of a third party. We make use of Facebook ads and Google Analytics. We use this information to keep track of how you use the website, to compile reports on website activity and to offer other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

We do not collect or use information for purposes other than the purposes described in this Privacy Policy unless we have obtained your consent in advance.

The information will not be shared with third parties. In some cases, the information can be shared internally. Our team is obliged to respect the confidentiality of your data.

This privacy statement is tailored to the use of and the possibilities on this site. Any changes and/or changes to this site may lead to changes to this privacy statement. It is therefore advisable to consult this privacy statement on a regular basis.

We offer all visitors the opportunity to view, change, or delete all personal information that is provided to us at the moment.

## Customize/unsubscribe newsletter service

At the bottom of each mailing, you will find the possibility to change your details or to unsubscribe.

## Adjust/unsubscribe communication

If you want to adjust your data or want to get yourself out of our files, you can contact us. See the contact details below.

## Turn off cookies

Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features and services on our and other websites may not function properly if cookies are disabled in your browser.

We regularly check whether we comply with this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us:

CHASE  
Holstraat 21 – 9000 Gent  
+32 496 49 88 41  
info@chase.be
