> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chatib.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606145030id_/http%3A//www.chatib.us/welcome/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Free Chat Rooms,Free Online Chat With No Registration 2016

* * *

### Because Your privacy is extremely important to us.

At chatib.us and/or chatib.com (“Chatib”, “Website”, “we”, “our”, or “us”), we are committed to protecting the information provided to us by our users, including but not limited to visitors to our website, users and customers (“users” or “you”). It is our policy to respect the privacy of individuals and the confidentiality of information provided by our users. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines how we collect, disclose, use, store and handle personal information provided by our users.

**Consent**. By accessing our Website, using any of the services therein, purchasing any product listed on our Website and/or submitting your personal information to us through any other means, you are consenting to the processing of your personal information and to our collection, use, disclosure, storage and handling of your personal information, as set out in this Policy. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time; however, we may not then be able to provide you with our full range of services. In case you are under 18 or the applicable age of maturity in your jurisdiction, we require a parent or a guardian to consent to this Policy and the Terms of Service of this Website. 

**Updates and Amendments**. This Policy will be updated, reviewed and amended from time to time, at the sole discretion of Chatib. Material changes (if any) to this Policy will be indicated by notice on our home page. Please check this Policy regularly to be aware of any updates and changes. Any information collected, used, disclosed, stored or handled by us will be governed by the latest version of this Policy. Continued use of this Website, or use of any of the services on this Website, will thereafter constitute your deemed acceptance of the revised Policy. 

**Information we collect about you**. At Chatib, we collect information which are essential for providing a better and more efficient chatting experience to you and other users of their Website. Information we may collect includes the login information you provide us with each time you open an account on our Website (including but not limited to name, contact details, phone number, email, username and password), any information which you might fill up on the Website by subscribing to any of the services offered on the site, your correct date of birth, and any information provided to us by means of correspondence (including but not limited to email, telephone or fax)(together, “Personal Information”). In case you do not wish disclose any such Personal Information, please do not set up an account on our website, or directly provide us with any Personal Information though any method (including but not limited to the methods listed above) of communication. By registering on our Website, you agree to provide us with accurate, complete and up-to-date information. 

**Use of Personal Information**. ChatIB does not rent or sell the personally identifiable information it collects about you to or with third parties ChatIB may disclose personally identifiable information if required to do so by law or in the belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with law or legal process, court order or a subpoena served on ChatIB or the site to cooperate with law enforcement authorities; (b) to work with law enforcement to investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activity or fraud on the site; (c) protect and defend the rights, property or safety of us or service providers (defined below), licensees, business partners, agents, customers, users, or others; or (d) act in situations involving actual or potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our agreements, abuse of this site, security breaches of this site, or as necessary to protect our systems, business, users or others. we may disclose the information obtained from you through the site, including personally identifiable information, to a successor entity as part of a merger, acquisition, or other sale of our assets or business or should we file for bankruptcy. In addition, we may disclose aggregated information to advertisers. In such situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you. We may disclose volume or usage statistical information as a representative audience to advertisers. we may contract with third-party providers, business partners or persons to provide certain products and services, including without limitation, operating, administering, maintaining or hosting the site, payment processing, and authorization, distribution, data management, marketing and promotional support, trouble shooting, customer support, goods and services, or companies that offer affinity, frequent-user, and reward programs, etc., ("service providers"). We provide the service providers with the information needed for them to perform these services with the requirement that they use the information only in connection with their performance of these services for us. Our service providers may enlist third parties to perform services related to the operation of our business. Examples of these services include payment processing and authorization, order fulfillment and shipping, and site hosting, marketing or evaluation. our service providers may provide personally identifiable information to these third parties, but we authorize them to use this information only in connection with the services the service providers perform for us. We disclaim all responsibility or liability for, and you hereby agree to hold us harmless from, the actions of such service providers. The use of your personally identifiable information is subject to the privacy practices of such service providers, and their third parties, and the actions of such service providers, and their third parties, are outside of our control. 

**how you can access or change your information** if we offer an account registration process and you have signed up for an account with us on the site, you can access or change your personally identifiable information by logging into your account and editing your profile. you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and account information at all times. You can also delete your account completely from your profile page. if you do not have an account with us accessible on the site, you can access or change your profile page to view and change your information. we may retain original and updated information for reasons such as technical constraints, dispute resolution, troubleshooting, record retention, and enforcement of our agreements. for security purposes, we may request information to help verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your information. 

**Promotional Materials** we may from time to time send you promotional emails relating to our product, promotional, and services offerings. you are given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional e-mails by simply following the "unsubscribe" instructions that appear in every email from us. 

**Cookies and anonymous information** Our Website uses cookies to record anonymous information for analytics and other purposes, which helps us improve our website’s experience continuously. Please change your browser settings if you do not wish to accept cookies. Such information may include anonymous information which is automatically logged each time you visit our Website, including the type of browser you are using, the server name and IP address, the pages you access, or the source from which you linked to the Chatib Website (together, “Anonymous Information”). In this Policy, “Personal Information” and “Anonymous Information” are together called “Information”. 

**Why do we need your Information and who do we disclose it to?** At Chatib, we need your Information to provide users a seamless chatting experience on our website, and to efficiently manage any enquiries, requests or complaints that you may have, or to notify you of any promotions, offers or updates that we may have. We may disclose your Information to our subcontractors, subsidiaries, affiliates or third party advertisers, service providers (including those hosting and managing our Website, providing customer service, marketing and advertising and other related services), and sponsors who administer our promotions. Information can be used to manage and administer coupons or contests, for promotions or surveys, to conduct research and analysis, improve Chatib’s monitoring process, to prevent fraudulent transactions, or to monitor against theft and otherwise protect users, guests or our Website. Also, in case as and when Chatib’s business develops and all or some of its corporate assets are acquired, and user information is one of the transferred assets, your Information may be one of the assets transferred. Webcam images captured from Chatib’s video chats, and uploaded to servers can also be used for monitoring for misbehaviour or violation of our Terms of Service, and taking appropriate action in cases of threats to other users, or otherwise abuse of this Website. Further, Information you may provide may be necessary for any legislative, contractual or reporting obligations that we may have, or to respond to questions that we receive from any public authority, or to enforce Chatib’s Terms of Service and other agreements. 

**Protection of Personal Information** All Information that you provide to Chatib is kept in secure computer storage facilities. We take reasonable steps, from unauthorised access, misuse, interference and loss, modification, alteration, destruction or disclosure. Information and records may be required to be maintained by us for a considerable period of time. However, when the Information is no longer needed, or upon your request, we will remove any details you have provided us with, or will securely destroy the records. 

**Enquiries and Complaints** You can make enquiries regarding your Information, access to, correction or deletion of such Information, request further information on this Policy, withdraw consent for use and disclosure of Information, unsubscribe from our mailing lists or newsletters, or complain of breaches of this Policy by writing to us using the contact us form on the site. For any of the above requirements, you can also contact us directly by using the contact us form on the site. We aim to acknowledge receipt of all enquiries and respond to them within a reasonable time. Complaints (if any) need to be accompanied by sufficient supporting evidence, so that we can process them successfully. We may request you to provide additional information which might assist us in our investigation. We will respond to your complaints within a reasonable time. 

_This Policy was last updated on Sep , 1st 2016._

* * *
