> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chavaramatrimony.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231024952id_/http%3A//www.chavaramatrimony.com/privacy_policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Chavara Matrimony.com –Privacy Policy

ChavaraMatrimony.com is an online matrimonial website endeavoring constantly to provide you with quality matrimonial services. This privacy statement is common to all ChavaraMatrimony.com customers since we are strongly committed to your right to privacy, we have drawn out a privacy statement with regard to the information we collect from you.

To register on the website you will be required to provide certain personal information. This information includes (but is not limited to) data that specifically identifies an individual, such as a user name, name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, religion, caste, gender, photos, employment details, income details, family background, physical and health data etc. Please refer to FAQ section to identify the information that will be available to all Users of the Website and that which will be available only to those registered with our Website.

By using the services you acknowledge that: (a) we cannot ensure the security privacy of information you provide through the Internet and your email messages, and you release us from any and all liability in connection with the use of such information by other parties; (b) we are not responsible for, and cannot control, the use by others of any information which you provide to them and you should use caution in selecting the personal information you provide to others through the Service; and (c) we cannot assume any responsibility for the content of messages sent by other users of the Service, and you release us from any and all liability in connection with the contents of any communications you may receive from other users. We cannot guarantee, and assume no responsibility for verifying, the accuracy of the information provided by other users of the Service regarding particulars of status, age, income of other members. Your membership is only for personal use. It is not to be assigned, transferred or licensed so as to be used by any other person/entity.

The website uses cookies to track usage of the path of a user, to collect site statistical information and improve your customer experience. Since most web browsers automatically accept cookies, you can edit your browser options to block them if you does not want the website to use cookies to track usage of the path. We offer you choices when we ask for personal information, whenever reasonably possible. You may decline to provide personal information to us and/or refuse cookies in your browser, although please be aware that some of our features or services may not function properly as a result. You will have access to your personal information posted on our website and you may edit, delete or modify the same from time to time.

Our servers may also automatically collect information about your computer when you visit the website, including but not limited to the type of browser software and version you use, the operating system and platform you are running, the website that referred you to us, your IP or internet protocol address used to connect your computer to the Internet, average time spent on our site, pages viewed, information searched for, access times, “click stream data” and other relevant information about your online experience.

By using the ChavaraMatrimony.com, you agree to receive certain specific email from the website relating to your membership or any alerts of any activity on the site or those of content promotion on the site. Should you not want to receive such e-mail, you may at any time cancel your subscription to such e-mails by sending a mail with the request for the same to info@chavaramatrimony.com.

You hereby confirm that as on the date of your registration with the website, you have not registered yourselves on the Do Not Disturb (DND) subscriber list with any telecom operator / authority. In the event, you register yourselves as a Do Not Disturb (DND) subscriber; you hereby confirm that you do not have any objection to receiving messages (promotional or otherwise) from the website.

User understands that the Institution does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to your content (including any personal information) other than as specified in the Privacy and Security Policy. All visitors to our site may browse the site, search the ads and view any articles or features our site has to offer without entering any personal information or paying money. As a paid member of this site, you have the privilege to contact twenty of profiles in a single day. If you want to contact more profiles than the specified limit in a single day, he/she can do so after the completion of 12 hours of their login time.

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time based on your comments or as a result of a change of policy in our institution.

If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Statement, please write to 

info@chavaramatrimony.com 
