> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the atcontent.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606154251id_/https%3A//atcontent.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy — AtContent

## A. INTRODUCTION

PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY. IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT YOU SHOULD KNOW BEFORE CONTINUING TO USE OUR SERVICE OR SOFTWARE. BY CONTINUING TO USE ATCONTENT WEBSITE AND SERVICES YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACCEPTED THIS PRIVACY POLICY. Your use of the IFFace, Inc. and its affiliates d/b/a AtContent (“AtContent”) services provided herein, including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this privacy statement (“Privacy Policy”) and AtContent’s Terms of Service link to. By using the AtContent Website (defined below), you are accepting the practices set out in this Privacy Policy and those Terms of Service. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changes on this page. Please check the revision date below to determine if the policy has been modified since you last reviewed it. Your continued use of any portion of the AtContent Site following posting of the updated Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on 11.08, 2011. AtContent and its affiliates (collectively, “IFFace”) has created this Privacy Policy in order to disclose its information gathering and dissemination practices for this internet Website www.AtContent.com, located in https://www.atcontent.com/website’s location (collectively, the “Website”). Upon reading this Privacy Policy, you will be informed regarding the following: (1) what personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identifiable information is collected from you through the Website; (2) the organization collecting the information; (3) how the information is used; (4) with whom the information may be shared; (5) what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information; (6) the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under AtContent’s control; and (7) how you can access and correct any inaccuracies in the information collected about you.

Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to the AtContent site coordinator by emailing at privacy@atcontent.com

If you have any concerns or feel that there are certain problems or issues relating to compliance with the policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, please submit a report by emailing at privacy@atcontent.com.

### Word from AtContent

AtContent has a strong commitment to providing superior service to all of our customers and visitors of this Website and particularly respecting your concerns about privacy. We understand that you may have questions about how this Website collects and uses information and we have prepared this statement to inform you of the privacy principles that govern the Website. We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information or a list of our customers to third parties. However, as described in more detail below, there are limited circumstances in which some of your information will be shared with third parties, under strict restrictions, so it is important for you to review this Privacy Policy. 

This Privacy Policy contains numerous general and technical details about the steps we take to respect your privacy concerns. We have organized this Privacy Policy by major processes and areas so that you can quickly link to the information of most interest to you. The bottom line is that meeting your needs and expectations form the foundation of everything we do—including protecting your privacy.

Personal information on this Website is collected by AtContent and if after reviewing this Privacy Policy you have any questions or privacy concerns please send an email to privacy@atcontent.com.

### Changes in Privacy Policy

AtContent wants you to be always aware of what personal information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. All personal information, as further described below, that we collect and maintain will be subject to the version of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such collection. AtContent reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion, and will prominently post any material changes on the home page of the Website. You will be given the opportunity to opt-out. If as the result of such changes, you want to alter the ways in which AtContent is allowed to use your personal information, you can do so by following the procedure described in the Updating Your Personal Preferences section of this Privacy Policy (below). You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, the changes to the Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Website after such notice has been posted for thirty (30) days with the following exception: if at the time you provide personal information to AtContent you limit how such information will be used to communicate with you, either by AtContent or by third parties, AtContent will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent

### Third Party Websites

AtContentIFFace does not control the information collection and distribution policies on Internet domains other than those Internet domains that are under the control of AtContent IFFace itself. When you are on the Website, you may be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. While using certain services offered by AtContent, such as our innovative Widgets (See Link) that allow, among other things, the display of your content (i.e. User Content) on any third party site, you will interact with the third party sites beyond AtContent’s control. These other sites may independently collect data, solicit personal information, or send their own “cookies” to you. AtContent is not responsible for any use of the information including click-stream data created when using such third party sites. AtContent has no control over or association with such third party sites and AtContent is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness and quality of the information contained within them. Any and all contents on these external web sites do not reflect products, services or information provided by AtContent. You should direct any concerns regarding any external link to the site administrator or webmaster of such site. AtContent will inform you before you will be redirected to such third party sites and that AtContent will notify when you leave its Website and/or provide indication that you are directed to such other third party websites

The Website may also contain advertising and other links to other web sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other sites as well. Also we do not send random marketing emails to personal email addresses. 

We also use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use general information about your visits to this and/or other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, direct such concerns regarding to the respective company’s administrator or webmaster.

### Third Party and User Content

In certain instances (i.e. use of AtContent’s Widgets), AtContent allows users to upload their content onto the Website to share with other users (“User Content”) and third party websites. The hosting of User Content does not imply an endorsement, guarantee, warranty, or representation by AtContent as to the legality, originality, or authenticity of the User Content. An owner and/or a user who uploaded the User Content bears all risks associated with such User Content, including, without limitation, its potential legal or other liability to the other users of the AtContent’s services and/or Website or any other third party. For more information regarding User Content please see AtContent’s Terms of Services at: [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/Terms/)

When you are on the Website, certain content may be served by a third party. These third parties may also drop their own cookies and/or use web beacons, which may be used to identify some of your preferences or to recognize you if you have previously had contact with them. We do not control the use of such technology by third parties, the information they collect, or how they use such information

### Legal Issues

The Website may be subject to the laws of various jurisdictions, including the laws of the United States of America, EU, and/or the Russian Federation as this is a ____-U.S.-based website and other jurisdiction because access to the Website may use internet traffic of different jurisdictions, including the United States of America. AtContent will disclose personally identifiable information without your permission when required by law, or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to AtContent guests, visitors, associates, or property (including this Website), or to others. As mentioned above, laws related to personal identifiable information vary by country. For example, personally identifiable information collected in the European Union and its Member States is subject to the EU Directives concerning personal data, privacy and electronic communications, including but not limited to Directive 2002/58/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 July 2002 concerning the processing of personal data and the protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector and Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and the subsequent legislation adopted in the EU Member States.

AtContent may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information to appropriate governmental authorities. If requested by law enforcement or judicial authorities, we will provide this information upon receipt of the appropriate documentation. AtContent may also provide information to law enforcement to protect its property and the health and safety of individuals as permitted by statute.

## B. COLLECTED INFORMATION

### Browsing

The Website does not collect personally identifiable information from your computer when you browse the Website and request pages from our servers. This means that, unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us with personally identifiable information, we will not know your name, your email address, or any other personally identifiable information. When you request a page from our Website, our servers log the information provided in the HTTP request header, JavaScript or similar technical tools, including the IP number, the time of the request, the URL of your request and other information. We collect such information in order to make our Website function correctly and provide you the functionality that you see on this Website, as our servers use this information to deliver to you the pages on this Website. We also use this information to better understand how visitors use our Website and how we can better tune our Website, its contents and functionality to meet your needs.

### Information We Collect

As a visitor to this Website, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information as described above in the Browsing section of this Privacy Policy (above). In connection with subscribing to the services available on the Website or other activities, such as utilizing online software applications or purchasing or downloading any of the products and services available on the Website, AtContent may ask you to voluntarily supply us with certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities and/or make any purchases. If you elect to engage in these activities or make purchases or use Widgets, however, AtContent may ask that you provide us personal information, defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including but not limited to your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code), email address, employer, and other personal information. This information is requested in conjunction with the purchase and registration of our Products or Services. In addition, as noted below, minimum information is requested if you choose to subscribe to product or services updates

You never have to answer any questions, and you can decline this exchange of information at any time. However, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with some of the services dependent upon the collection of this information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity or purchase, you will not be able to engage in that activity or make such a purchase. AtContent will inform you of the mandatory and/or optional character of the requested and/or required information. 

AtContent is the sole owner of the information it gathers on the Website, including without limitation, any analytical data gathered in connections with your use of AtContent’s Wisgets. AtContent will only share your information with outside parties in ways that are described in this Privacy Policy or if we are required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, cooperate with law enforcement agencies, or comply with a legal process served on the Website and the subsequent legislation adopted in the applicable jurisdiction.

When you use the Website, AtContent or third parties authorized by AtContent may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Website and its services. When you surf the Internet, your Internet browser (such as Mozilla Firefox or Microsoft Internet Explorer) automatically transmits some information to AtContent every time you access content on one of our internet domains within the Website. Examples of such information include the URL of the Web page you were just on (known as the “Refer”), the IP (or Internet Protocol) address of the computer you are using, or the browser version you are using to access our site. All of this information may be collected by AtContent and used to help improve our offerings to you.

We use such data to facilitate and track your use of the Website and its services. AtContent also uses such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Website. Without expressly informing you in each particular circumstance, we do not match such information with any of your personal information.

You may be provided an opportunity on the Website to subscribe to a periodic newsletter and product or services updates. This newsletter is a marketing tool that allows AtContent to inform you of new Products and Services, as well as other news relevant to the company. The subscription service requires you to provide your first and last name as well as your email address. Optionally, you are asked to provide the name of the company you represent. You are given the opportunity to choose the type of information we provide to you.

When you submit personal information to AtContent through this Website, you understand and agree that this information may be transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the countries in which AtContent and its affiliates and subsidiaries maintain offices. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transferring, storage, and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted vendors of AtContent. Such vendors are bound by contract not to use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties.

AtContent may establish relationships with various service providers whose services may become available to you from this Website or from other websites that are linked to this Website, such as PayPal ™ . Typically, these providers would offer services that AtContent customers might find useful, such as those that can be used in conjunction with AtContent services and products (i.e. Widgets). In order to use those services, you may be required to provide personal information to the providers. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, personal information that you provide while you are visiting a provider’'s Website will be subject to the privacy policy posted on such site, and personal information that you provide while on this Website in conjunction with a provider's service will be subject to this Privacy Policy. For instance, the credit card information entered as part of the filling out the purchase form or registration process is collected by the third parties registration and/or merchant services and subject to their respective privacy policies. You should be aware that our agreements with these service providers often provide that they will share with AtContent personal information collected from you. In such instances, AtContent may use this information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy

### Personal Account

At your choice, you may create a personal account containing your personal information. A personal account is required for description of services which require a personal account on the Website. When you create a personal account, some information about your account activity will be provided to other users of AtContent. For instance, other users may be able to view which content you have accessed via the Website. You can access, review and update your personal account information online via the Website.

If you wish to deactivate your personal account, contact AtContent at privacy@atcontent.com.. When you deactivate your personal account, all information stored and maintained as part of your account will be deleted from our servers, provided that the information may be retained by AtContent for archival, backup and record purposes. You have the right to access and change your personal information and privacy preferences at any time by logging into your personal account, where you can view and make changes to your personal information. You may also access and change your personal information and privacy preferences by contacting us at privacy@atcontent.com.

### Updating Your Personal Preferences

As a registered user you have the right to access and change your personal information and privacy preferences at any time by logging into your personal account, where you can view and make changes to your personal information. You may also access and change your personal information and privacy preferences by contacting AtContent at: privacy@atcontent.com.

### Information Relating to Children

The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) was passed by the U.S. Congress in November 1998. COPPA provides parents with specific rights regarding their children's privacy. For additional information and resources on COPPA, please visit the Federal Trade Commission Web site at http://www.ftc.gov/. The Website and any products or services available on the Website are not directed at children under 13 years of age and, therefore, COPPA does not apply. However, we recognize that children under the age of 13 may access this Website and subscribe to the newsletter or purchase products and services. The collection of this information is covered above. Parents and Legal Guardians may request from us to review, delete or stop the collection of the personally identifiable information of their child. You may do so by contacting us by letter (using the address information provided at the bottom of this page) or email to privacy@atcontent.com.

### Securing the Transmission and Storage of Information

AtContent operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our users. AtContent takes steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you use these services at your own risk.

We treat the information you provide to us as confidential information; it is, accordingly, subject to our company’s security procedures and corporate policies regarding protection and use of confidential information. After personally identifiable information reaches AtContent it is stored on a server with physical and electronic security features as customary in the industry, including utilization of login/password procedures and electronic firewalls designed to block unauthorized access from outside of AtContent. Because laws applicable to personal information vary by country, our offices or other business operations may put in place additional measures that vary depending on the applicable legal requirements. Information collected on the sites covered by this Privacy Policy is processed and stored in the United States and possibly other jurisdictions and also in other countries where AtContent and its service providers conduct business. All AtContent employees are aware of our privacy and security policies. Your information is only accessible to those employees who need it in order to perform their jobs.

## C. USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION

### How Your Personal Information Is Used

AtContent collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. We will use your email address to send a confirmation and, if necessary, might use the other information to contact you for help to process the purchase or service you have selected. If you subscribe to a service or register a product, for example, the information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users. Your personal information is also used to keep you informed about new products, product upgrades, patches, special offers, and other products and services of AtContent and selected third parties if you have so opted to receive such communications.

AtContent may collect information about the use of the Website, such as the types of services used and how many users we receive daily. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually. AtContent may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis, marketing, or similar promotional purposes.

AtContent recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this Website. Without your consent, AtContent will not communicate any information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from AtContent or its affiliates, although we may find it necessary to communicate with you regarding your use of the services on this Website. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, AtContent will also not provide your name to other companies or organizations without your consent.

### Disclosure of Information to Third Parties

AtContent does use the services of third parties, such as email service providers, purchase, shipping and order processing merchants and marketing companies that act as independent contractors on behalf of AtContent. You may also use your third party login accounts and passwords (e.g. Facebook; Twitter) in order to register and login to the Website and use AtContent’s services. These parties are contractually prohibited from using personally identifiable information for any purpose other than for the purpose AtContent specifies. We do provide non-personally identifiable information to certain service providers for their use on an aggregated basis for the purpose of performing their contractual obligations to us. We prohibit the sale or transfer of personal information to entities outside of the AtContent’s affiliates for their use without your approval.

AtContent may disclose your personally identifiable information if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, a subpoena, or other legal process. AtContent may also disclose personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating this Privacy Policy, the terms of your agreements with the CompanyAtContent or to protect the safety of our users and the public or under confidentiality and licensing agreements with certain third parties which assist us in developing, operating and maintaining the Website and its content.

In the event that all or substantially all of AtContent’s stock and/or all or substantially all assets are transferred or sold to another entity, AtContent may transfer personally identifiable information to the acquiring entity. If, as a result of such a business transition, your personally identifiable information will be used in a materially different manner, you will be given choice consistent with our policy regarding notification of changes. 

### Choices Available to You 

You can always choose whether or not to disclose personally identifiable information and that choice will not prevent you from using the Website. Please note, however, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with some of the services dependent upon the collection of this information and you will be given an opportunity to “opt-in” and make your preference choices for any items that are optional and which are not prerequisite for our rendering such services. 

You can choose at anytime to opt out of receiving emails from AtContent or from having your personally identifiable information shared with selected companies. If you want to opt out, you can do so by editing your preferences with respect to email or the sharing of information. If you elect to “opt out” we will not, as applicable, share your personal information with third parties or send you emails. However, we may continue to use your personal information for internal purposes, to enhance your user experience or as necessary to administer the site or comply with applicable law.

We reserve the right to send a one-time registration confirmation email, and infrequent Service Alert messages to users to inform them of specific changes that may impact their ability to use a service they have previously signed up for, regardless of email contact opt-in status. We also reserve the right to contact you if compelled to do so as part of a legal proceeding or if there has been a violation of any applicable licensing, warranty and purchase agreements. 

AtContent is retaining these rights because in limited cases we feel that we may need the right to contact you as a matter of law or regarding matters that will be important to you. These rights do not allow us to contact you to market a new or existing service if you have asked us not to do so, and issuance of these types of communications is rare. 

When you create a personal account with AtContent and/or provide your email address and other personal identification information, based on your personal preferences, we may periodically contact you via email and provide information about special offers and promotions that may be of interest to you. These communications will relate to AtContent offers and/or the promotions of select, reputable third parties with whom AtContent has a strategic marketing relationship because they offer products or services that we believe would be of interest to you. Also note that unless otherwise communicated by you to CPlas, your User Content may be shared by another user with third parties.

We may use a third party email service provider to send emails. This service provider is prohibited from using your e-mail address for any purpose other than to send AtContent related email. If you do not wish to receive emails with updates and information please unsubscribe by sending email to: unsubscribe@atcontent.com. In addition, every time you receive an e-mail you will be provided the choice to opt-out of future e-mails by following the instructions provided in the e-mail. You may also opt-out online by updating your personal account as described in the Updating Your Personal References section of this Privacy Policy (above).

If you wish to opt out of receiving emails, the sharing or retention of any personal identification information, or otherwise change your personal preferences, you may contact AtContent by email at privacy@atcontent.com.

To ensure that your request is honored, you must provide AtContent with information sufficient for us to accurately identify and access your records. The information we require is your full name, address and the email address you provided to AtContent when you requested services or products. AtContent reserves the right to contact you to verify that we have accurately identified your record.

### Cookies

Our Website uses “cookie” technology. “Cookies” are short pieces of data generated by a web server that a website stores on a user’s computer. Certain pages on our Website may require the use of a cookie for purposes of keeping information you enter on multiple pages together. Cookies also enable us to customize our Website and offerings to your needs and provide you with a better online experience with us. In addition, cookies are used to: 

  * measure usage of various pages on our Website to help us make our information; more pertinent to your needs and easy for you to access;
  * identify and categorized the internet webpages from which the visitor came to the Website and observe the browsing patterns; and 
  * provide functionality such as online orders, AtContent’s services and other functionality that we believe would be of interest and value to you. 



The types of cookies that we use are referred to as “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. Session cookies are temporary and are automatically deleted once you leave the Website. Persistent cookies remain on your computer hard drive until you delete them. We do not use cookies to gather information concerning your visits to other websites, nor ascertain any personally identifiable information about you apart from what you voluntarily provide us in your dealings with AtContent. Cookies do not, under ordinary circumstances, corrupt or damage your computer, programs, or computer files.

In addition, the service providers we use to serve and host our advertisements, and/or deliver our emails, use session and persistent cookies, to track the number of times the Website is accessed and whether the site was accessed from an advertisement. There are no cookies in the advertisement or email. A cookie is placed on your computer only if and when you click on an advertisement or open the e-mail. The cookie generated from the advertisement or e-mail does not contain any personally identifiable information and will remain on your hard drive until you delete it.

You may set your browser to block cookies (consult the instructions for your particular browser on how to do this), although doing so may adversely affect your ability to perform certain transactions, use certain functionality and access certain content on our Website.

## D. PRIVACY-RELATED INQUIRIES AND COMPLAINTS

AtContent takes and addresses its users’ privacy concerns with utmost respect and attention. If you believe that there was an instance of non-compliance with this Privacy Policy with regard to your personal information or you have other related inquiries or concerns, you may write or contact AtContent at email: privacy@atcontent.com.

In your message, please describe in as much detail as possible the nature of your inquiry or the ways in which you believe that the Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your inquiry or complaint promptly. 

Please note that if you provide AtContent with inconsistent privacy preferences (for example, by indicating on one occasion that third parties may contact you with marketing offers and indicating on another occasion that they may not), AtContent cannot guarantee that your most recent privacy preference will be honored.

Copyright © 2011 IFFace, Inc. All rights reserved.

Date of Last Revision: November 21, 2011
