> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the russian-girls.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920090639id_/http%3A//russian-girls.tv/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Anastasia Date: Protecting your Privacy

We highly value your personal information on Anastasia-Date.com, which is part of AnastasiaDate.com, and would like to bring your attention to the Privacy Policy below. You will find an explanation of what data we collect and how we protect your private details when you register and log into Anastasia-Date.com and use all related features and services on AnastasiaDate.com (“Services”). For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Anastasia-Date.com” and “AnastasiaDate.com” refer to one and the same entity and may be used interchangeably.

We only use the information generated by your visit for the purposes of internal tracking, to make improvements and changes to Anastasia-Date.com and all associated Services, to help navigation and usability, and respond to your requests for information. Except for where specifically noted, we do not use your personal information for any other purpose. We will never sell your personal information to any third party nor share your personal information with any third party.

Please read more about how your personal information is managed:

  * ## I. Notice

What personal information we collect and how we use your information. Our policy regarding information sharing.

  * ## II. Choice

How you can decide what communication you'll receive from us.

  * ## III. Access

How you can control the use of your personal information.

  * ## IV. Security

How we protect the security of your personal information.

  * ## V. Customer Service and Recourse

Changes to the Anastasia-Date.com Privacy Policy

How to contact Anastasia-Date.com




## What personal information we collect:

When you visit the Anastasia-Date.com Web site and use all Services we capture the Internet provider’s domain name and country that you came from (e.g., ‘aol.com’) and the paths taken as you move from page to page (i.e., your “click stream” activity).

## Visitor Registration or Requests for Information:

Anastasia-Date.com only collects personal information that you choose to provide voluntarily when using or registering with the Anastasia-Date.com site. “Personal information” includes information that can identify you as a specific individual, such as your name or email address; and, in the case of affiliate agreements, your name and company name. While you can browse Anastasia-Date.com without registering you will need to register in order to take advantage of certain features.

## Browsing and the use of Cookies:

Anastasia-Date.com uses cookie technology as part of our statistical reporting. A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a Web site that is saved on your hard disk by your computer’s browser. It holds information a site may need to personalize your experience and gathers Web site statistical data, such as which pages are visited, what is downloaded, the internet provider’s domain name and country that our visitors come from (e.g. ‘aol.com’, or ‘umich.edu’) and the addresses of sites visited immediately before, and after, coming to Anastasia-Date.com. However, none of this is associated with you as an individual. It is measured only in aggregate. The information in the cookies lets us trace your “click stream” activity (i.e., the paths taken by visitors to our site as they move from page to page). Cookies do not capture your individual email address or any private information about you.

We also use standard Web server log files to help us count visitors and evaluate our site’s technical capacity. We use this information to find out how many people visit Anastasia-Date.com, help us arrange the pages in the most user-friendly way, keep the site browser-friendly, and to make our pages more useful to our visitors. We record information on site traffic but not information on individual visitors to our site, so no information about you in particular will be kept or used.

To browse without cookies, you can configure your browser to reject all cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.)

## How we may use information we collect

We may use information to:

  * Arrange the Web site in the most user-friendly way;
  * Fulfill your requests for products and services;
  * Customize your browsing experience of the Web site or Services;
  * Communicate special offers and featured items to you, if you choose to receive such notices;
  * Manage your account and your preferences;
  * Analyze use of and improve our website, products and services;
  * Identify and protect against fraudulent transactions and other misuses of our website and Services;
  * Respond to your question or suggestions;



## Email, Mailing Lists, and Other Services:

When you send us an email, we use your email address to thank you for your comment and/or reply to your question, and we will store your communication and our reply in case we correspond further. Beyond our initial reply, we will never use your email address to send you any unsolicited message or information, nor will we share it with or sell it to anyone else for such use.

You will also receive our email newsletters, account updates and special offers targeted to your interests sent to you by Anastasia-Date.

We will not use your address or other information to provide you with any unsolicited message or information (unless that is part of the service you are requesting), nor will we share it with or sell, rent or lease it to any third party for such use.

## Linking To Other Sites:

Please remember that when you use a link to go from Anastasia-Date.com to another Web site, this Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site linked from Anastasia-Date.com is subject to the rules and policies of that site. We encourage you to read the rules and policies of the sites you visit to further understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.

## Our policy regarding sharing of information:

Our policy is simple: we never sell or rent your personal information to any third parties under any circumstances.

## Age Restrictions

Children under eighteen years of age are prohibited from using our Websites. We do not target our sites or Services to children under the age of 18, and in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, any information we may receive from users we believe to be under the age of 18 will be purged from our database.

## Choice/Opt-Out

You may periodically be sent email messages describing updates, new features, or promotional offers related to Anastasia-Date. You can choose to stop receiving this email at any time.

To unsubscribe just email us at [unsubscribe@anastasiadate.com.](mailto:unsubscribe@anastasiadate.com) You can also follow the ‘unsubscribe’ instructions and link provided with each email or as we otherwise provide.

## Updating Your Information

To modify or delete your personal information, simply follow the instructions:

  1. Log into your account
  2. Select My Account on the Main Page,
  3. Scroll down and select My Profile,
  4. Edit your personal information
  5. Select Save.



Also you can send your request to our Support Team and we will make the requested changes.

## Security

The security of your personal information is very important to us and we are committed to protecting the information we collect. Anastasia-Date.com operates behind firewalls and we have security measures in place at its physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our Web site.

Anastasia-Date.com has VeriSign and McAfee secure certificates demonstrating that the site is fully tested, approved and certified by these two leading security systems. You are protected from any virus, identity theft, credit card fraud, spyware, spam, or online scam on our site. 

## Contacting the Website

Please note that whenever you submit any information to us in connection with Anastasia-Date and all related services, you consent to our processing of this information in the United States/Russia as necessary to provide the Services in which you are participating.

If you have any questions, comments or complaints about Anastasia-Date’ privacy policy and/or the way it affects you, please feel free to contact our [Customer Support.](mailto:unsubscribe@anastasiadate.com)

**+1 (207) 262-9595**  
**+1 (800) 356-3130**  
**+1 (800) 234-0036**  


## Acceptance of Privacy Statement

Your use of our Web site, including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this privacy statement and the applicable Terms and Conditions. By using our Web site, you are accepting the practices set out in this privacy statement and the applicable Terms and Conditions.

Anastasia-Date.com reserves the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time. We take privacy matters very seriously, and intend to stay at the forefront of privacy policy and protection matters. We will occasionally update our privacy policy and we will post those updates on this page. You are responsible for revisiting this page to review our privacy policy updates.

## Effective Date

This privacy statement was last revised on August 25, 2011.
