> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rustoleum.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170622110511id_/http%3A//www.rustoleum.com/pages/legal/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

##  Privacy Policy 

Rust-Oleum Corp. (“Company”) values its relationship with visitors and customers and makes every effort to safeguard any personal information collected, while also making product and service information available to our customers. This section describes the overall privacy practices of Company. It does not apply to companies other than Company nor to anyone not employed by Company. 

This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect: on the Site, in e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and the Site. It does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means.

There are two types of information collected on the Site: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.

**Personally Identifiable Information**  
Personally Identifiable Information (“personal information”) is information that identifies you as an individual, whether directly such as by your name, mailing address, or email address, or indirectly such as by your internet protocol (IP) address, telephone number, age range, etc. Personal information is obtained via site usage tracking or when you voluntarily provide the information to us, such as, for example, by filling in forms on the Site.

Company uses personal information to answer your questions; provide products, services or information you request; to communicate with you; to provide marketing materials from Company or others with whom we have a relationship with.

Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be assured it will be used only to support your relationship with Company or as otherwise described herein.

For example, personal information you voluntarily provide may be collected and stored to permit you to receive Company’s e-newsletters and/or e-mail, participate in online support or “Ask the Expert” services and for marketing and administrative purposes. It may also be used to fulfill your requests for orders, sample products or information from Company from time to time, to request product support, ask a question, report a problem with the Sites, participate in promotions, sweepstakes or contests. Additionally, you cannot communicate with Company through the “Contact” or customer support links on the Site or via e-mail without providing personal information. If you contact Company or its service providers, a record of that session or correspondence will be maintained.

Company may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy: (i) to our parent company, subsidiaries and affiliates; (ii) to contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business or (iii) with your consent, to companies who offer products that may be of interest to you. These companies may then contact you directly with product or sample offers, personalized offers and information or to ask for your feedback on products and programs that may be of interest to you. Information collected may be also used to customize Licensed Content (as defined in the site Terms of Use), fulfill your product information requests, improve services, contact you (for example, to notify you of new or improved products or product uses), conduct research, advertising, direct mail and email campaigns, and to provide anonymous reporting for internal use and to third parties. Company reserves the right to conduct additional processing and transfer to the extent permitted or required by law, or in support of any legal or criminal investigation.

Company takes appropriate measures in light of the nature of the personal information we collect and the risks associated with processing that personal information in order to keep it secure and to reduce the risk that your personal information may be accessed, altered, damaged or used without authorization. Company may combine information collected about you with information obtained directly or through its affiliated companies, business partners or other companies.

Should you wish to update your information, be removed from Company programs for which you previously registered or to prevent further use of your personal information or stop receiving communications from Company, please follow the directions set forth in Section 11 of our Terms of Use.

If all or part of Company or any of its affiliates are sold, merged, or otherwise transferred to another entity, your personal and non-personal information may be transferred as part of that transaction or process. Company may also disclose your personal information: (i) to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; (ii) if Company believes disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our customers or others; or (iii) if Company has reason to believe that disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action to enforce any of Company’s rights, including against you or a third party, for nonpayment, violation of any agreement with Company, and to prevent injury to or interference with Company’s rights or property, or the rights or property of other Company users or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Company may disclose or access account information when Company believes in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that Company deems necessary to maintain, service and improve Company products and services and to protect its rights or property. By accessing and using the Site, you agree that information you have provided may be disclosed as described above or as may be modified from time to time.

Except for any personal information Company may collect from you as described in this Privacy Policy, any material, information or other communication you transmit, upload or post to the Site or email to Company (“Communications”) will be considered non-confidential and nonproprietary. Company will have no obligation to preserve the confidentiality or refrain from disclosing Communications. Company will have no liability for and will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the Communications and all data, images, sounds, text, product ideas, suggestions or enhancements, as well as anything embedded therein for any and all commercial or noncommercial purposes.

We are part of a multinational group of affiliated companies that has databases in different countries, some of which are operated by affiliates and some of which are operated by third parties on behalf of Company or one of our affiliates. We may transfer your data to one or more such databases outside your country of domicile, potentially including countries which may not require an adequate level of protection for your personal information compared with that provided in your country. However, Company is a party to standard contractual clauses in the form approved by the European Union Commission in an effort to ensure effective levels of data protection, in particular, relating to transfer of personal information.

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information**  
Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“non-personal information”) is information that is about you but does not identify you as an individual, either directly or indirectly, such as your browser type, the URL of the previous web site you visited, your internet connection, the equipment you use to access the Site, etc. Company may indirectly or through third parties, automatically collect certain types of non-personal information from you when you are using the Site. We may also collect non-personal information that you voluntarily provide, such as information included in response to a questionnaire or survey.

**Cookie Technology**  
In general, you may visit the Site without telling Company who you are or revealing personal information about yourself. However, Company and companies providing services to or on behalf of Company may use various technologies, such as cookies and web beacons (1x1 pixels), to collect non-personal information discernible as a result of your visit. We will explicitly request your consent to use cookies on our site. Cookies are used to collect general usage and volume statistical data. You may control the use of cookies at your browser (visit www.aboutcookies.org for more information); however, if you reject cookies some or all of your ability to use our site may be limited. In addition to using cookies, we use Google Analytics to analyze trends, administer the site, track movements around the site and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. To opt of out being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. They may also use and disclose non-personal information derived from our advertising campaigns for reporting purposes, for scheduling and optimization of content delivery and, of course, they may do so if they are required to do so by law. Company may use any information gained through the Site for any legal purpose, including without limitation, for purposes of developing, using and making available to third parties (at no charge or for a fee) aggregated information regarding trends, products, security/privacy patterns and research, internal record keeping and reporting, measuring and reporting learning, performance and other statistical information concerning any aspect of the Site except that Company will not report aggregated data in a manner that reasonably permits such information to be identified with any user. 

Our site may also include social media or lead generation features, such as Facebook or Twitter buttons and widgets, such as the share this button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media and lead generation features and widgets may be hosted by a third party. Your interactions with these features and widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
