> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rustconsulting.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160627054713id_/http%3A//www.rustconsulting.com/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Rust Consulting

**Privacy Statement**  

 

This Privacy Policy describes how Rust manages information we learn about you from your visit to our website or information you provide to us during your visit to our website. We gather this information either voluntarily (via an online form a user fills out) or involuntary (via technology). Our intent with this site is to provide an educational source for users to learn about our company and the services we provide to the market.   

**What do we do with the information collected?  **

The information we collect may be used to respond to an inquiry generated by the user, improve the content of our website, notify users about updates to our website, diagnose problems with our server, analyze trends, track user navigation, gather broad demographics and/or to contact users for marketing purposes. We do not share this information with anyone outside of Rust Consulting, Inc.   

**Regarding data security and retention practices:  **Rust Consulting, Inc. takes appropriate measures to secure data gathered while interacting with RustConsulting.com but cannot guarantee that transmitted data over the Internet will be completely secure. Due to the open nature of the Internet, data may be exchanged over networks that do not provide appropriate measures of security and may be accessed and/or used by parties other than those the user intended.   

**Regarding retention practices:  **We retain submitted information for as long need to fulfill the user request and to analyze the data to perform necessary enhancements to the site.   

**Regarding cookies:**  We use cookies to store visitors' preferences, record session information, record user-specific information on what pages users access, and record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site.   

**Regarding links to other sites:  **Rust Consulting, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.   

**Regarding minors:  **Rust Consulting, Inc. does not intentionally seek to collect personal information about or from minors.   

**Google Analytics**  

We use Google Analytics to collect non-personal information about visitors to this site. There are several metrics that are collected such as IP address, cookies, geographical location, language, web browser information, time and date of visit, device and software information, referring URL, number of times you visit the site, amount of time you spend on this site and pages you visit on this site.  This information is collected to make improvements to this site and to better understand online users’ characteristics and interaction within the site.    

Only the information collected by Google Analytics will be shared with Google; it will not be combined with your personally identifiable information (PII). We do not share your PII with any other entity other than our approved third-parties, unless authorized by you or required by law. You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting information about your visit to this site by turning off cookies in the preference settings of your web browser. Please view the Google Analytics [privacy policy](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en) for additional information.

  

