> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fapdig.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-07-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180701150754id_/https%3A//fapdig.com/static/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

PRIVACY POLICY  
INTRODUCTION

Sun Media Limited ("Operator") as the operator of Pornbraze.com respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains how the Operator will treat information that it may obtain from you ("User") as you make use of the Pornbraze.com website and all other services provided by the Operator ("Service"). Please read this Policy carefully. By accessing the Pornbraze.com website or otherwise using the Service you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to any provision of this Policy, you are not entitled to access the Pornbraze.com website and use the Service.  
This Policy may be revised from time to time by the Operator without notice to the User other than appearing on the Service. It is the User’s responsibility to regularly check the Service and to review the Policy in its current version as published on the Service. The User’s continued use of the Service constitutes the User’s agreement to all revisions to the Policy. The Policy was last revised on September 6, 2013.  
THE SERVICE AND THIRD PARTY SITES

This Policy applies solely to the Service. The Service may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by the Operator and are not governed by this Policy. The Operator has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, any third-party content including the privacy policies and practices of any third parties. The User agrees that it is responsible for reviewing and understanding the privacy policies (if any) of any third-party websites the User may access through the Service. By accessing or using the Service, the User agrees to release the Operator from any and all liability arising from the User’s use of any third-party website, content, service, or software accessed through the Service.

INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THE SERVICE

When the User uses the Service, the Operator may collect and store passive information about the User’s visit. Passive information is any form of aggregate data, navigational data, tracking data, click-stream data, or historical data. It may include the domain name of the User’s Internet service provider (e.g., whether the User logged on from aol.com or whitehouse.gov), referral data (e.g., the address of the last URL the User visited prior to clicking through to the Service) as well as device, operating system and browser type (e.g., a Firefox browser on an Apple computer running on a Macintosh operating system). The Operator uses this information to track and analyze how users access and use the Service.  
In addition, when the User uses the Service the Operator generally collects and stores the IP-address of the device the User is using to access the Service. (An IP, or "Internet Protocol," address is a unique number associated with an Internet device that may be communicated to other computers and servers when the Internet is used.) The Operator uses this information for purposes of security and anti-fraud protection.  
The Operator also uses cookies and/or web beacons on the Service. (A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to the Internet browser from a Web server and stored on a computer's hard drive, and that may be accessed when a website or other online service is used. A web beacon is a small, transparent graphic image placed on a website, which allows the site to record the actions of a visitor opening the page that contains the beacon.)  
The Operator may use cookies or web beacons to: (1) determine whether users of the Service are unique, or whether the same user is using the Service on multiple occasions; (2) help deliver advertisements; (3) track usage throughout various components of the Pornbraze.com website and the Service (e.g., tracking where traffic comes from and how users navigate through the Service, etc.); (4) store the User’s agreement to the Terms of Service and this Policy; (5) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.  
The User may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in its browser. In that case the full functionality of the Service may not be available.  
These information collected by the Operator do not, on their own, personally identify the User. However, they can potentially be combined with information obtained from other sources in order to identify the User. The Operator does not ordinarily seek or obtain personally identifying information about users from others. The Operator reserves the right to seek such information in the event of a violation of the Operator’s Terms of Service, in the event of a dispute between the Operator and the User, or if required by law to do so.  
CONTENT SUBMITTED TO THE SERVICE OR COMMUNICATED USING THE SERVICE

The Operator may allow the User to post, submit, upload, display or otherwise communicate through the Service audio, video, music, text, links, or other content (collectively "User Content"). User Content that the User submits to the Operator or communicates using the Service, including any personal information included in the User’s User Content, becomes publicly available and can be seen, collected, and used by others. Once made public User Content cannot be made private again. In addition, User Content the User communicates using the Service may be recorded, stored, copied and/or retransmitted by the Operator. The User should not submit or communicate any content using the Service that the User does not want to be seen, collected, or used by others.  
In the process of posting User Content, the User may be asked to provide some personally identifying information, such as its name, address, e-mail address, a password, and other documentation. The Operator will keep a record of the information the User provides, including its personally identifiable information. That information may be linked in the Operator’s records to other information the User provides, including User Content. The Operator will not publicly post the User’s name or other personally identifying information, and the Operator will not provide such information to its advertisers or business partners without the User’s permission. The Operator may disclose the personally identifying information and documentation the User provides in some limited circumstances, as set forth in Clause 8 below.  
The Operator does not use the User’s e-mail address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without the User’s consent but may use the User’s email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying the User of key website changes or for customer service purposes).  
USE OF VISITOR INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THE SERVICE

The Operator does not share personally identifiable information about users of the Service in the ordinary operation of the Service, unless the User has included such information in User Content that the User submits or communicates using the Service. The Operator may obtain and merge information about users and usage of the Service into aggregated data, which may then be used by the Operator and/or shared with advertisers or others. When the Operator provides aggregated information to third parties, these third parties will not be able to identify the User or contact the User based on that data.

USAGE INFORMATION - COLLECTION AND USE BY ADVERTISERS AND OTHERS

The Operator allows third parties to display advertisements using the Service. These third parties use technology on the Service to deliver advertisements for the User to see directly in its browser. In doing so, the third parties may automatically receive the User’s IP-address. Other third parties that place advertising using the Service may have the ability to use cookies and/or web beacons to collect information of the User, including information about the User’s usage of the Service.  
The Operator does not control the processes that advertisers use to collect information of the User. However, IP-addresses, cookies and web beacons alone generally cannot be used to identify individuals, only machines. Therefore, advertisers and others whose advertisements or content may be provided through the Service generally will not know who the User is unless additional information is provided to them by a response by the User to an advertisement, by entering into an agreement with them, or by other means.  
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

The Operator does not knowingly allow children to use the Service, and all users of the Service must confirm that they are at least 21 years of age. The Operator does not collect or maintain information from those users the Operator actually knows are under the age of 21, and no part of the Service is designed to attract anyone under 21. If the Operator becomes aware that anyone under the age of 21 is using the Service, their access to the Service will be terminated.

PERMITTED DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

The Operator generally does not collect personally identifiable information (data such as the User’s name, e-mail address, password, and the content of the User’s communications) unless the User submits or communicates User Content through the Service, or registers with the Operator in order to use certain features of the Service.  
The Operator will not disclose any personally identifiable information it collects or obtains except: (1) as described in the Operator’s Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy; (2) after obtaining the User’s permission to a specific use or disclosure; (3) as required to protect the Operator’s property, safety, or operations, or the property or safety of others; (4) if the Operator is required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request (such as a court order, search warrant, subpoena, civil discovery request, or statutory requirement); or (5) as otherwise required by law.  
SECURITY

Some components of the Service may use security measures to protect the Operator against the loss, misuse and alteration of information that is transmitted through the Service. However, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be secure. As a result, while the Operator strives to protect the User’s personally identifiable information, the Operator cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information the User transmits, and the User does so at its own risk.

CONTACTING THE OPERATOR

For any questions or concerns about this Policy or the use of personal information, please contact the Operator using the contact form.

Mail to [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)
