> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the neighbor.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-07-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170720092918id_/https%3A//www.lunchbots.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LunchBots Privacy Policy, Data, Info Disclosure | LunchBots

## Privacy Policy

This policy tells you about how LunchBots Inc. (“ **LunchBots** ”) uses and protects your personal information when you use LunchBots.com (our “ **Site** ”). By browsing or shopping on our Site, you agree to and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, and you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this policy.

## Data We Collect

You may browse the Site without revealing personally identifiable information about yourself. Once you choose to register to receive our newsletter or to make a purchase, you are not anonymous anymore. By registering for our newsletter or making a purchase, you consent to us storing your personal information.  
We may collect and store the following information:

  * Email address, physical contact information, and financial information, such as credit card number
  * Shipping, billing and other information you provide when purchasing a product
  * Purchasing information
  * Emails sent to us
  * Information from your interaction with our Site, including computer and connection information, page views statistics, IP address and, standard web log information



## How We Use the Data We Collect

Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, efficient, and customized experience.  
You agree that we may use your personal information to:

  * Provide the services and products you request
  * Resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems
  * Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities
  * Customize, measure, and improve our services and content
  * Offer targeted marketing and promotional offers based on your preferences
  * Compare your information for accuracy



## Marketing

We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.

We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our Site and services.

## Announcements and Promotions

LunchBots will send you an email to confirm your order and relay any details about order delivery or delay.

LunchBots may send you purchase-related announcements when it is necessary to do so. You may not opt-out of purchase-related communications, which are not promotional in nature.

You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by emailing [info@LunchBots.com](mailto:info@LunchBots.com) from the email address you used to purchase from or register with our Site.

## Cookies

Cookies are small data files (which often include an anonymous unique identifier) that are sent to your browser from a web site’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive.

We use cookies on some of our pages to: gather information about traffic; analyze our web page flow; customize our services, content, and advertising; measure promotional effectiveness; and promote security.

This website uses Google Analytics and other services to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for LunchBots.

We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither LunchBots nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any PII from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set.

## Sharing and Disclosing Your Information

We do not sell information about our customers to others.

**Third-Party Service Providers:** We use other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf such as processing credit card payments, analyzing data, providing customer service, and handling disputes. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but may not use it for other purposes.

**Protection of LunchBots and Others:** We can release purchase and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or protect the rights, property, or safety of LunchBots, our users, or others.

We do not sell, rent, share, or otherwise disclose personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes.

**Transfer of Assets:** LunchBots may transfer information about you if LunchBots is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, LunchBots will notify you by email before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

LunchBots has the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. We will post the amended terms on the Site. Any amendments will take effect immediately. As such, please review this policy frequently.

## Questions

If you have any questions, please contact us at [info@LunchBots.com](mailto:info@LunchBots.com)
