> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the msnpeople.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120614084456id_/http%3A//www.msnpeople.com/help/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# My Social People - Privacy Policy

My Social Networking People Privacy Policy  
This Privacy Policy describes “My Social Networking People's policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information. “My Social Networking People” receives your information through our various web sites, SMS, APIs, services and third-parties ("Services"). When using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country that you reside in or create information from, your information may be used by “My Social Networking People” in the United States or any other country where “My Social Networking People” operates.

Information Collected Upon Registration: When you create or reconfigure a “My Social Networking People” account, you provide some personal information, such as your name, username, password, and email address. Some of this information, for example, your name and username, is listed publicly on our Services, including on your profile page and in search results. Some Services, such as search, public user profiles and viewing lists, do not require registration.  
Additional Information: You may provide us with additional information to make public, such as a short biography, your location, or a picture. You may customize your account with information such as a cell phone number for the delivery of SMS messages or your address book so that we can help you find “My Social Networking People” users you know. We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services or to market to you. You may unsubscribe from these messages by following the instructions contained within the messages or the instructions on our web site. If you email us, we may keep your message, email address and contact information to respond to your request. Providing the additional information described in this section is entirely optional.

Location Information: You may choose to note your location in your Msnpeoples and in your “My Social Networking People” profile. If you turn on Msnpeopleing with your location, we may also save exact coordinates to help improve our service. You can control your location information settings in your account settings.  
Log Data: Our servers automatically record information ("Log Data") created by your use of the Services. Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, the referring domain, pages visited, and search terms. Other actions, such as interactions with advertisements, may also be included in Log Data.  
Links: ”My Social Networking People” may keep track of how you interact with links in Msnpeoples across our Services including third party clients by redirecting clicks or through other means. We do this to help improve our Services, including advertising, and to be able to share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on.  
Cookies: Like many websites, we use "cookie" technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as searching and looking at public user profiles or lists. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk. “My Social Networking People” may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to improve our Services. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.  
Third Party Services: ”My Social Networking People” uses a variety of services hosted by third parties to help provide our Services, such as hosting our various blogs and wikis, and to help us understand the use of our Services, such as Google Analytics. These services may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP request.
