> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ad20.net privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141215140948id_/http%3A//www.zontera.com/inside/ad_technology/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Zontera - Ad Server - Privacy policy

This document explains our online technology and information collection practices. 

  * ## Privacy Compliance

Zontera does not collect any personally identifiable information from users. Zontera adheres to the privacy guidelines created by the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB).

  * ## Information Collection

Zontera is a technology service provider. The Web site you are on has asked Zontera to act as an agent for ad delivery and reporting. 

The information Zontera processes on a customer’s behalf belongs to that customer and is only used by Zontera to customize ad serving for that customer. This usage is governed by our Terms and Conditions with our customers and by this privacy policy.

Zontera collects anonymous information through the use of cookies and pixel beacons, which are industry standard technologies used by many major Web sites. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. 

  * ## Cookies

Zontera uses cookies to prevent users from seeing the same Internet ad over and over again. Zontera does not use cookies to personally identify you in any way, and these cookies cannot damage your system or files. 

You can tell your browser to accept or reject cookies for all sites, or for specific sites; rejecting cookies may affect the way your favorite site's behavior.

  * ## Pixel Tracking Beacons

To make certain that ads served by Zontera are targeted correctly, partner Web sites in the Zontera network place pixel tags on their sites. These tags are not personally identifiable, nor do they collect personal information. They are used to match visitor browsing behavior to a segment profile designated for targeting ads to visitors. 

When you are on one of our customer’s Web sites, web site uses cookies to collect certain non-personal information about you, including but not limited to: your browser type, operating system, browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the site, the content areas or pages of the site you visit (for example, "auto" or "sports"), ads clicked on and other click-stream data. None of this data contains personal information about you. 

  * ## Usage of Data

Zontera enables its customers to use the anonymous information it collects to customize the advertisements that consumers see on participating Web sites and to analyze if the advertising resulted in a desired action, such as a sale. This is referred to Behavioral Targeting. In order to serve appropriate ads to visitors, Zontera will temporarily assemble non-personal behavioral and technical information to create audience segments. The audience segments aggregated into anonymous groupings. 

Zontera stores all anonymous, non personal data in user cookies and not on any servers. These cookies have a lifetime of five years and can be blocked or deleted by users using the methods described on our Opt Out page. Click [here](http://core.ad20.net/W3C/opt-out.html) to read more about opting out.

  * ## Disclosure of Information

Zontera does not provide any personal information to marketers when you interact with or view a targeted ad.

At the same time, our advertiser customers cannot correlate or merge any information that they may collect, process or store in connection with their site, including such personal information except in compliance with the applicable customer contracts and such customer’s privacy policy. 

  * ## Opt Out Cookies - [Set Opt-Out here](http://core.ad20.net/W3C/opt-out.html)

If you do not want to store this information in your browser you can easily deny or opt out of cookies.

There is more than one way to opt out of cookies: manually deleting your cookies by following the instructions contained in the "Tools" or "Help" section of your browser or, going to Zontera's [Opt-Out page](http://core.ad20.net/W3C/opt-out.html) and clicking the "Enable Opt-Out Cookie Now" button provided. Once you set Opt-Out cookies, we will no longer deliver ads targeted to your preferences and usage patterns. 

The Zontera Opt-out Tool is cookie-based. In order for the Tool to work on your computer, your browser must be set to accept third party cookies. If you buy a new computer, change web browsers or delete this cookie, you will need to perform the opt-out task again.

  * ## Changes to this Privacy Policy

Zontera reserves the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to our Privacy Policy we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and notify you here, by notice on our home page or other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. 

  * ## Contact Zontera

If you have any comments or questions regarding Privacy Statement, please contact us at:

Zonterra Corp srl   
Bucharest, 98 Vulturilor   
support at zontera com 



