> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the benefitfocus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110529213943id_/http%3A//www.benefitfocus.com/about/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Benefitfocus Privacy Statement : Benefit Administration Software : Human Resources Portal

At Benefitfocus, we value our relationship with you and place the highest importance on respecting and protecting your privacy. We want you to feel comfortable and confident when using our products and services and with entrusting your personal, company and benefit information to us.

The policy stated below discloses information gathering and dissemination practices for the website "www.benefitfocus.com" and is part of the Agreement between you and Benefitfocus. The Agreement includes this Privacy Statement and the Terms of Use section of this website. By accessing this website, you accept our Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use, and you agree to the uses of your personal information described in this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement may be updated from time to time. This Privacy Statement does not apply to the practices of companies that Benefitfocus does not own or control or to people that Benefitfocus does not employ or manage. Please note that the website of "www.benefitfocus.com" is intended as a business-to-business website involving the description and provision of business services and is directed to individuals acting on behalf of the companies for which they work. Benefitfocus has created this Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy.

Benefitfocus may automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, "cookie" information and the page(s) you requested. Cookies are small files that we may send to and store on your computer so that we may recognize it as a unique machine the next time you visit our website. Some of our website features depend on the use of cookies and therefore, while you are accessing the Benefitfocus website, you should ensure that your browser will accept cookies. Also, Benefitfocus will collect personal information when you register on our website. When you register with Benefitfocus, we ask for your name, social security number, e-mail address, phone number and other personal information. Once you register with Benefitfocus and sign in to learn more about our services and products, you are not anonymous to us. Benefitfocus may use this information for at least three general purposes: to customize the content you may see on our website pages; to fulfill your request for certain products and services; and to contact you in the future about our products and services. We also track website traffic data which includes information about how visitors navigate through our website. We also track transaction data on our website which may help us optimize the online experience of our users and may help us understand the size of our audience and their traffic patterns and needs from our website.

The information you provide when you register on our website may be used to facilitate and monitor your activities on our website and to allow us to send you administrative and other information related to our Benefitfocus products and services. Benefitfocus will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. Benefitfocus will send personal identifiable information about you to your benefits providers and insurers when we need to share your information for us to provide the product or service you have requested, or we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Benefitfocus to provide a product or service to you. Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us. We will also send personally identifiable information about you in response to subpoenas, court orders or legal processes, or if we find that your actions on our website violate the Agreement or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services. Unless you specify that you prefer not to hear from us, we may also use the e-mail and mailing addresses you provide at registration to advise you in the future of items which may be of interest to you. We may also release aggregate information about our website users to third parties, but in that event, we will not release information that individually identifies any user by name or by other contact information, except as expressed in this Privacy Statement. This website may also contain links to other websites, and Benefitfocus disclaims any responsibility for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites.

We work to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration by using industry-standard security safeguards, coupled with security procedures and practices. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable laws and federal standards. We use both internal and external resources to review our security procedures. Your sensitive information is encrypted when it is transmitted to us. Our employees are trained and required to safeguard your information. Although Benefitfocus employs extensive efforts to maintain security, we cannot guaranty that your contact information will not be intercepted by third parties' illegal efforts. It is your responsibility to maintain the privacy of your username and password. Unauthorized use of your registered account with us will enable access to your personal information. Please keep your username and password in a safe and secure place.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, or any questions or suggestions please contact notices@benefitfocus.com.

Privacy Statement v2.5 (rev 01/2011)  
Copyright © 2011. Benefitfocus.com, Inc. All rights reserved
