> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the benihana.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606185835id_/http%3A//www.benihana.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Benihana

  
**PRIVACY POLICY**

**Effective Date December 20, 2007**

**OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY**  
Thank you for visiting a website owned or controlled by Benihana Inc., a Delaware corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively “we,” “us” or “Benihana”). Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the collection and use of the personal information you submit on this website. As set forth below, we will not sell or rent your personal information or any other nonpublic personal information to third parties. For purposes of this Privacy Policy (“Policy” or “Privacy Policy”), the terms “you” and “your” refers to you, as a user of our website. The Privacy Policy below governs any information you provide on this website.

**THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT**  
At our Internet website(s) (“Website”), you can learn about us, view our products, purchase Benihana merchandise, send e-greeting cards, and request information. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, e-mail and physical address, credit card information, and any other data entered or modified on the Website. At our Website, you can also submit information about other people. For example, you might submit information about a person in order to send them merchandise or an e-greeting card. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include: recipient's name and e-mail and physical address. At certain parts of our Website(s), only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to purchase merchandise or otherwise participate in our Website's activities and offerings. We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our Web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows 2000 or Mac OS), and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink). 

**GIFT CARDS**  
Data collected is used to complete your gift card purchase and is never sold, traded or otherwise offered to any third party. If you do not wish your gift card purchase to be recorded, do not use the website. To ensure the security of your information, we maintain our database systems, use encryption methodologies and safeguards to protect the information collected during your purchase. We also make use of 128-bit SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption.  
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Benihana and any organization related to your gift card or certificate purchase. If you do not wish to consent to the herein mentioned collection and use of this information, please do not use this website.The following are examples of information and records that could be maintained in order to provide services: when you order, we need to your name, email address, mailing address, credit card number and expiration date. We also must collect shipping, phone and email information in order to ensure the safe and proper delivery of gift cards. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. In the case you order for a third-party and would like that sent directly to such party, you may need to provide a person's name and other personal information. We save the minimum amount of information in order to process the order and maintain our records.

**COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNICAL INFORMATION**  
We may send “cookies” to your computer primarily to enhance your online experience. “Cookies” are files that can identify you as a unique user and store your personal preferences as well as technical information (including click through and click stream data). Cookies can either be permanent (i.e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser). We may also use tracking systems such as “Web beacons,” which monitor your use of our Website. Tracking systems are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a Web page for the purpose of transferring data, such as the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the Web beacon appears, the URL (Uniform Resource Locator) of the page on which the Web beacon appears, the time the page containing the Web beacon was viewed, the types of browser that fetched the Web beacon and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server. When corresponding with you via HTML capable e-mail, Web beacons let us know whether you received and opened our e-mail. On their own, cookies or Web beacons do not contain or reveal any personally identifiable information. However, if you choose to furnish the Website with personally identifiable information, this information can be linked to the data stored in the cookies/Web beacons. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you specifically agree to our described use of cookies and Web beacons. You may adjust your browser to reject cookies from us or from any other site. Additionally, by setting your Web browser to display HTML e-mails as text only, you may be able to prevent the use of some Web beacons. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information. However, certain areas of our Website may only be accessed in conjunction with cookies or similar devices and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar devices might prevent you from accessing some of our content. 

**HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION**  
We limit the use of information provided to us on our Website to accomplish the following: effect and administer the website; respond to your requests and purchases; customize your experience on our Website; and communicate with you about promotions we think will be of interest to you. We may also use information that you provide for market research purposes and other internal company strategy planning. When you enter certain information on our Website, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of the use of your information for marketing or promotional purposes. We will not knowingly share information provided by you with anyone except as required or permitted by applicable law. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be one hundred percent secure. Accordingly, you should note that while it is our intent to hold private the information (not designated for publication) you transmit via our Website or by way of an Internet electronic mail system or service, we cannot promise or ensure that such information will remain confidential or secure. Moreover, your information is reviewed only by Benihana personnel and technicians supporting the website. We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, we may transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged with another company.

**COLLECTION OF INFORMATION BY THIRD PARTY SITES**  
Our Privacy Policy applies only to your use of this Website. This Website contains links to other sites. These sites are governed by their own privacy statements and policies, and Benihana is not responsible for their operations, including but not limited to their information practices. We do not disclose personal information to those operating linked sites and we are not responsible for their practices. Links to other sites do not imply our endorsement of the materials or policies on those websites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you.

**NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY**  
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the expressed “Effective Date” written above and may be updated and modified from time to time by us in our sole discretion. We will notify you of any material changes, updates or modifications to this Privacy Policy by updating this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, we strongly encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy and our sites in order to keep apprised of our current privacy practices. If you do not agree to any provision of this Privacy Policy, or any update or modification thereto, please do not use our sites.

**CHILDREN’S PRIVACY**  
Our Website is not intended for use by children. We do not knowingly market to or solicit data from children.

**HOW TO CONTACT US**  
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, its implementation, or would like to preclude the use of your information for any purpose, you may write to us at:

Benihana  
Attention: Marketing Director  
8750 N.W. 36th Street  
Suite 300  
Doral, FL 33178

back to top
