> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the benjaminmoore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181001080220id_/https%3A//www.benjaminmoore.com/en-us/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

**This Privacy Policy was last modified and is effective as of September 28, 2016.**  
This Benjamin Moore privacy policy describes our handling of certain information that we collect from you on our Websites, as well as how to exercise your rights or contact us with questions or concerns. Some of the terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in our Website [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/en-us/legal-benjamin-moore-co-website-terms-and-conditions), which you should review with this Privacy Policy before using our Websites.

**Changes to Privacy Policy**  
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, add or delete provisions of this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time by updating or revising this posting and such revisions shall take effect as of the date of posting. Your use of any of our Websites after the effective date of any such modification, means you accept and agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy, as modified. You should come back to this web page and review this Privacy Policy regularly so that you remain aware of the terms and conditions that apply to you.

**Non-Personal Information Collected and How Collected**  
When you access or visit any Benjamin Moore Websites, we and our operational service providers (See Disclosure to Third Parties section below) and others who host our Websites often use technology that can recognize, collect and/or transmit information that is associated with you, but which do not personally identify you. Although the term "cookie" specifically refers to a small file that is stored on a user's computer or other device for record-keeping purposes, for the purposes of this Privacy Policy, we will use the term "cookie" to refer generically to any technology that can recognize, collect and/or transmit information about your visits to our Websites. This type of information includes such data as the Internet or web domain that referred you, the type of operating system and browser you are using, the date and time of your visit, data relating to activities on our Websites (e.g., so-called 'clickstream' data) and other technological attributes about your visit to the Websites. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the Websites, track user movements on the Websites and elsewhere on the Internet, and gather aggregate demographic information about visitors so we can continually improve our Websites and for advertising purposes.

Cookies also allow our Websites to recognize a users' computer or access device each time it is used to visit a particular Website and cookies can keep count of how often you return. Cookies can also track how you use our Websites, your preferences for features and functions and, for our Websites that have registration or similar features, cookies can store information such as your user name and password so you don't have to re-enter them each time you return to visit.

You can disable or turn certain cookie features off by changing the settings on your Internet browser and you can also change the settings to stop your browser from automatically accepting certain cookies. Although changing these settings may not affect your ability to browse, it may affect your ability to use certain features and functions of the Websites and it may also require you to re-enter certain information each time you visit or attempt to use the Websites. You should consult the operating instructions that apply to your browser to determine how to best configure your browser settings for your needs.

**Personal Information Collected**  
The term "Personal Information" refers to any information you provide in connection with your use of any of our Websites by which you can be personally identified. Personal Information may include such things as your name, street address, telephone number, date of birth, e-mail address and any other information which might reasonably be used to identify you. We obtain Personal Information from you when you submit it to us or provide it on one or more of our Websites that require it in order to allow you to register, subscribe or take advantage of certain features, functions, services, activities, promotions and content on our Websites (these are referred to as "Content" in our [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/en-us/legal-benjamin-moore-co-website-terms-and-conditions)[](http://m.benjaminmoore.com/home/terms.dot)). You may also email us with a question or for more information and Benjamin Moore will use your contact information (which includes Personal Information such as an email address) to help respond and for customer service purposes. (We also may obtain Personal Information from third parties. For example, when somebody mentions Benjamin Moore on social media, we may collect other information they have made public for insight into social interactions with our brand.) Please note that you may not be able to use some Content if you choose not to provide your Personal Information when requested. We will honor any applicable legal requirement giving you the right to review, update and/or delete your Personal Information.

**Advertisers, Co-sponsors and Links**  
Our Websites may contain or display information from (or permit the collection of information by) co-sponsors, advertisers, retailers, service providers or others (each, a "Third Party") that offer to make information, goods or services available, provide opportunities to participate in promotions or engage in activities or that link or redirect your browser to other websites, materials or organizations, or that provide us with other services. For example, we may use Third Parties to display or serve advertising on the Websites or elsewhere on the Internet, as well as for distributing online, email, messaged or web-based newsletters and other information. We and certain Third Parties may use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together, and other automated technologies, and in some cases additional information, (i) to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to our Website or other factors and (ii) to report how ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our Service or other factors. For example, our Websites may use cookie-related services provided by Google (such as Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, Remarketing with Google Analytics, and Google Display Network Impression Reporting). You may visit the [Network Advertising Initiative's Consumer Opt-Out page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) or the [Digital Advertising Alliance's Consumer Choice page](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) to opt out of receiving tailored advertising based on your Internet browsing activities from companies that participate in those programs. Some of our advertising-related activities may involve the services of companies that do not participate in those programs. The opt-outs apply only to the browser in which you set them. You should be aware that even if you encounter an advertisement, link or reference to a Third Party website on one of our Websites and even if we have a relationship with the Third Party, we do not control them, their websites or their policies and practices regarding use of their websites or any rules they have regarding the use of cookies or collection, use or disclosure of your information (including Personal Information). These are within their control and not ours and the terms and conditions, as well as the privacy policies that apply to these Third Parties and their websites are their responsibility, not ours.

**Disclosure to Third Parties**  
We may share personal information we collect with our service providers who perform services on our behalf.  Note that the Supplemental Privacy Policy that applies to your use of a particular Website may contain additional detail regarding disclosure practices specific to that Website, beyond what is described below. We always have the right to disclose your Personal Information to any Third Party we engage for the purpose of administering, operating, configuring site design, maintaining and providing internal support for our Websites and Content on the Websites or performing other services for us or on our behalf. These Third Parties are called "operational service providers." We request that our operational service providers protect your privacy and not disclose your Personal Information to third party marketers that are not associated with our Websites, nor are they permitted to use your Personal Information for their own marketing or promotional purposes.  To the extent permitted by law, we may also share certain personal information among our affiliates and joint marketing partners for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including for their marketing purposes.

We also reserve the right to make your Personal Information available to Third Parties:

  * When compelled by a governmental agency, law, regulation, a court or other legal process;
  * If we believe you are, have or may violate any law, regulation, or our Terms and Conditions;
  * If we believe you are or may be a threat to the safety, property, interests or rights of Benjamin Moore or others;
  * In order to investigate, respond to or resolve problems or inquiries or defend our interests;
  * In a merger, acquisition, change of control, joint venture or other business combination.



**How Your Information Is Used**  
We may use the information that we obtain from you, including Personal Information: (a) for the specific purpose for which it was submitted (e.g., to receive communications by e-mail);; (b) to improve the Content, appearance and utility of our Websites and to tailor your experience on our Websites; (c) to trace our visitors' use of our Websites, (d) for research purposes; (e) to monitor compliance with our Terms and Conditions and otherwise protect our rights and property; (f) for marketing and other communications; and (g) for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy or in another the Supplemental Privacy Policy or notice applicable to the relevant Websites.

**Security**  
We maintain a reasonable standard of security and confidentiality and try to limit information access to individuals who need to have such access to perform their responsibilities associated with our Websites and the Content on our Websites. The Internet, however, and communications cannot be guaranteed to be secure and it is possible that others may unlawfully intercept or access information, transmissions or communications to, from or within our Websites. By using our Websites you are agreeing to assume this risk and any and all responsibility and liability that may arise.

**Your Rights Regarding Personal Information**  
In addition to any terms, conditions or rights that are described in any Supplemental Privacy Policy applicable to particular Websites, we honor any applicable legal requirement to provide you with the right to request that Benjamin Moore: (a) provide, correct or update your Personal Information; (b) limit its sharing of your Personal Information with third parties; or (c) opt out of various forms of direct marketing. Although we may provide you with the ability to update or delete Personal Information directly online, some Personal Information may not be changed or deleted by you and requires you to contact Benjamin Moore for verification (e.g., birth date, email address, name). If any of our Websites do not allow you to update or delete Personal Information online, or if you need to change information that needs verification, please [contact us](http://www2.benjaminmoore.com/en-us/for-your-home/contact-us).

**Your California Privacy Rights**  
Subject to certain limits under California Civil Code § 1798.83, and where applicable, if you are a California resident, you may ask us to provide you with (i) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) the identity of certain third parties that received personal information from us for their direct marketing purposes during that calendar year. To make such a request, either send an email to our designated [Privacy Administrator](http://www2.benjaminmoore.com/en-us/for-your-home/contact-us) or contact us via postal mail at:  
Privacy Administrator   
Benjamin Moore & Co.   
101 Paragon Drive   
Montvale, NJ 07645   
Attn: Your California Privacy Rights

**Contact Us**  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please [contact us](http://www2.benjaminmoore.com/en-us/for-your-home/contact-us).   
© Benjamin Moore & Co., 2016. All Rights Reserved.
