> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bentpixels.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180320113756id_/https%3A//bentpixels.com/privacy-policy-2) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - BentPixels

We at Bent Pixels, LLC, (”Company,” ”We,” ”Us,” ”Our”) know that our users (”You,” ”Your”) care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy (www.bentpixels.com/privacy).  
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT  
Information You Provide to Us: We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, we collect Personal Information such as your name, email address, phone number, browser information, and third-party account credentials (for example, your log-in credentials for YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, or other third party sites). If you provide your third-party account credentials to us, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts (“Third Party Account Information”) may be transmitted into your account with us if you authorize such transmissions, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features. We may anonymize your Personal Information so that you cannot be individually identified, and provide that information to our partners.  
If you have provided us with a means of contacting you, we may use such means to communicate with you. For example, we may send you promotional offers on behalf of other businesses, or communicate with you about your use of the Services. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open a message from us. This confirmation helps us make our communications with you more interesting and improve our services. If you do not want to receive communications from us, please indicate your preference in your Account Settings (dashboard.bentpixels.com). Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes.  
Information Collected Automatically: Whenever you interact with our Services, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, “cookie” information, and the page you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your computer or mobile device that allow us to recognize your browser or mobile device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Services are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or mobile device to prevent or limit your computer or device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features. Our advertising partners may also transmit cookies to your computer or device, when you click on ads that appear on the Services. Also, if you click on a link to a third party website, such third party may also transmit cookies to you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties. When we collect usage information (such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to the Website), we only use this data in aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. For example, this aggregate data tells us how often users use parts of the Services, so that we can make the Services appealing to as many users as possible. We may also provide this aggregate information to our partners; our partners may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Services, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal experience. We never disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.  
WHAT INFORMATION YOU CAN ACCESS  
Through your Account Settings (dashboard.bentpixels.com), you may access, and, in some cases, edit or delete the following information you’ve provided to us. The information you can view, update, and delete may change as the Services change. If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us at info@bentpixels.com.  
Nevada Privacy Rights: Under Nevada Revised Statutes 603A.010 – 603A.920, Nevada residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a Nevada resident and would like more information, then information can be found on the Nevada State Legislatures website address: http://www.leg.state.nv.us/NRS/NRS-603A.html.
