> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the benthebodyguard.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-04-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120416115807id_/http%3A//benthebodyguard.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ben the Bodyguard. Privacy Policy.

### Privacy Policy

\- 

This website (the "Site") is operated by Nerd Communications GmbH, Rochstr. 17, 10178 Berlin, Germany (“Nerd Communications”). Nerd Communications has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy of the personal information that you provide us when using this Site. 

### Information We Request Directly From You

\- 

The Site's registration forms require you to provide us with personal information (for instance, your email address). Of course we will keep this information, and yes we will use it — but only to provide you with our Ben the Bodyguard newsletter. 

\- 

When you sign up for our newsletter, your e-mail address is stored by our e-mail service provider, [Mad Mimi](http://madmimi.com/). They are nice people just like us, and promise not to sell nor share your e-mail address with anyone. Please take a look at their [full privacy and security policy](http://madmimi.com/legal/privacy). 

### Google Analytics

\- 

The Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies," text files that are stored on your computer to help analyze the use of the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) is sent to a Google server in the U.S. and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity for website operators and providing other website activity and internet related services. In addition, Google may also transfer this information to third parties unless if required by law or if third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described and for the aforementioned purpose. 

\- 

If you do not wish to be tracked by Google Analytics, you can easily [opt out of the service](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en). 

### How Long We Store Your Personal Information

\- 

After you have subscribed to the Ben the Bodyguard newsletter, we will continue to store your personal information unless you choose to unsubscribe from list. You will find a link to unsubscribe at the bottom of each newsletter. Google will continue to store your information collected by Google Analytics for a period of 25 months. 

### Other Sites / Third-Party Vendors and Their Privacy Policies

\- 

This Site may contain links to other websites. Nerd Communications is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites or for the privacy policies and practices of other third parties, so please be sure to read those sites' privacy policies independently. 

### Who To Contact In Case of Privacy Questions and How to Revoke Consent

\- 

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or want to review, update, correct or delete your personal information collected through the Site, or revoke your consent to use your personal information, you may email us anytime at [info@nerdcommunications.com](mailto:info@nerdcommunications.com) or write to us at Nerd Communications GmbH, Rochstr. 17, 10178 Berlin, Germany. 

[](http://nerdcommunications.com/ "Visit Ben's parents!")  
[« Back to the dark streets](https://web.archive.org/web/20120416115807id_/http%3A//benthebodyguard.com/index.php "Wanna walk with Ben again?")
