> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cyclebar.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190509003032id_/https%3A//cyclebar.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CYCLEBAR | Premium Indoor Cycling Franchise

## PRIVACY

### EFFECTIVE FEBRUARY 10, 2017

Thank you for visiting https://cyclebar.com. This site is owned by CycleBar Franchising, LLC d/b/a CycleBar (“CycleBar”), P.O. Box 36425 Cincinnati, OH 45236. This policy governs your use of the CycleBar Website (the “Website”) and the CycleBar Mobile Application (the “App”). The Website and the App are designed to allow users to make pay-per-class and membership purchases, register for classes, reserve bikes, buy merchandise, and communicate with CycleBar. CycleBar knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information.

### ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS

By visiting https://cyclebar.com, using the App, or communicating with CycleBar via email, you are accepting the practices described in, and the terms of, this Privacy Policy. You also consent to receive communications from CycleBar electronically. CycleBar will communicate with you by email or by posting notifications on the Website and/or the App. You understand and agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that CycleBar provides electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. If you do not agree to this, please refrain from using the Website or App. Your continued use of the Website or App following the posting of changes to these terms will indicate your acceptance of those changes.

### GENERAL STATEMENT ON PRIVACY, PERSONAL DATA, AND COMMUNICATIONS

We will always respect your privacy. Sometimes, we may ask you for personal information like name, phone number, address, email address, etc. so that we can better serve you and offer you discounts and free stuff!   If you use the Website or the App, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account, password, and for restricting access to your computer or device. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and password.

### THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT

We receive, collect and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way such as names, postal addresses, email addresses, credit card information etc., when voluntarily submitted by users of (and visitors to) our website. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request, to improve the experience on the CycleBar site, to ensure a successful experience at a CycleBar studio, and to adhere to the Terms and Conditions (located at ) you agree when you make a purchase on our website. From time-to-time on our site you may be able to order services, products, enter contests, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion or subscribe to one of our services. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected, when voluntarily submitted by users of (and visitors to) our website/web pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services. At certain parts of some of our sites/pages, only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products, programs, and services or otherwise participate in the site’s activities and offerings. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.   We also may collect and log certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Google Chrome, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows 8.1 or Mac OS X) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Time Warner Cable). This data is used to manage the website, track usage and improve the website’s services. This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to users. User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes. We may also record information about your usage, such as the time and frequency of your usage of the CycleBar website. If you are logged in, we may associate that information with your account. We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. “Web Beacons”) in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. We may also use your email address to send updates, newsletters or other news regarding CycleBar. Users may choose not to receive email of these types by following opt-out instructions contained in such emails or by changing their notification settings under the “My Account” section of the CycleBar website. CycleBar reserves the right to send you important notices about your account even if you opt out of all voluntary email notifications.

### HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION

Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below. We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you and to notify you when you have won one of our contests. We may share information you provide about yourself with our trusted partners, affiliates, subsidiaries and franchisees, including, without limitation, CycleBar International Inc., CycleBar Worldwide Inc. CycleGiving Inc., CB IP, LLC, LB Franchising, LLC and Fueled Collective Franchising, LLC and any other brands we or our affiliates may come to acquire, represent, or otherwise obtain a financial interest in (collectively our “Business Partners”) in order to communicate special promotions or offers. We might also tell you about new features or products. These might be our own offers or products, or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting. We may share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who help us manage our online registration process or who assist us in providing the Services. Some vendors may be located outside of the United States. We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction. We may share information with our Business Partners. For example, if we are working with a third party and running a joint promotion, and we may share information for other reasons we may describe to you.

### USE OF NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION

We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services. We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order, subpoena or a law enforcement agency’s request when: (i) permitted or required by law; (ii) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or (iii) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes. Agents and contractors of CycleBar who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for CycleBar. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. We may on occasion combine information we receive online with outside records to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you. Finally, CycleBar will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.

### COLLECTION OF INFORMATION BY THIRD-PARTY SITES, OFFERINGS AND SPONSORS

Our site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy policies as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.

### COOKIE/TRACKING TECHNOLOGY

To enhance your experience with our site may use “Cookies” and tracking technology depending upon the features offered. Cookies and tracking technology consist of text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies and tracking technology, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at our site. The reason cookie and tracking technology are useful to us is for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the website, understanding how visitors use the website, and to improve the content and offerings on our site. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites. We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs, or services. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. If you are concerned about the use of cookies, you can explore your web browser’s options to notify you whenever a cookie is set, or to disallow cookies altogether. You should be aware that prohibiting the use of cookies will significantly restrict access to certain types of content or features.

### CHILDREN’S PRIVACY POLICY UNDER AGE 13

Our site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. CycleBar does not knowingly request or collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please DO NOT attempt to register on our website or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on our website. In the event that we learn that any personal information has been submitted to the website from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as reasonably possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under age 13, please contact us at info@cyclebar.com.

### CHILDREN BETWEEN THE AGES OF 13 AND 18

If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you may register on our website only with the involvement/permission of a parent or guardian.

### OUR COMMITMENT TO SECURITY

We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All marketing emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further marketing mailings. We use industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information (such as firewalls and secure sockets layer software) where appropriate. Nevertheless, absolute security does not yet exist on the internet.   As we continue to evolve our website and incorporate new technologies to improve communication, our policies may change. We encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis to stay abreast of our most current privacy policy practices.

### CHANGES IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY

We may change our policy from time to time. Please check our policy frequently for changes.

### HOW TO STOP GETTING FUTURE EMAILS FROM US

If you no longer want to receive emails, please let us know. You can opt out/unsubscribe from receiving information at any time using the “unsubscribe from this list” or “update subscription preferences” link provided at the bottom of any email you receive from us, or by emailing info@cyclebar.com.

### WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

In no event will CycleBar be liable for any direct, indirect, special, or other consequential damages resulting from your use of the Website, the App, or on any other linked/third-party website, including without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs, or other data on your information handling systems or otherwise, including any claims waived by you previously in this agreement even if CycleBar expressly advised of the possibility of such damage. All information is provided by CycleBar on an “as is” basis only. CycleBar provides no representations and warranties, express or implied, including the implied warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability, and non-infringement.

### CHOICE OF LAW

The Website, App, and your use hereof, is governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to Ohio’s choice of law provisions. Any claim arising out of your use of this Website or App must be brought in Ohio.

### HOW TO CONTACT US

If you have any questions or concerns about the CycleBar Privacy Policy for this site, its implementation or your personal information, you may contact us by email at: info@cyclebar.com, by telephone at (513) 322-1663 or by postal mail to CycleBar Franchising LLC, P.O. Box 36425 Cincinnati, OH 45236

**Copyright© 2017 CB IP, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Updated 02/10/2017.**
