> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the happyjar.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141203031141id_/http%3A//www.happyjar.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Happy Jar | Happy Jar - Privacy Policy

This privacy document outlines the types of personal information that is received and collected by happyjar.com and how it is used.

We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. This policy was last updated December 1st, 2013.

**Personal Data**

Information is collected via cookies, which may log data regarding your visit such as your IP address and the name and/or location of your internet provider. The visitor may opt to enter additional information (such as name, valid e-mail address) to participate in the site’s interactive or community features (such as the comment system). This information is only used in the context of these features and is not retained for any other purposes.

Visitors may block cookie usage via their personal browser settings, but it may disable some functions of the website.

**Advertising Data**

Happy Jar makes use of third-party advertising companies to place advertisements on this website. These companies may use information about your visit to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.

These third-party companies include;  
Google Adsense  
Project Wonderful

In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place unique cookies or web beacons on your browser.

happyjar.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. 

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Happy Jar’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. 

**Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.

Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB>.

Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at <http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html> or at <http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/privacyoverview.html>. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “gat._anonymizeIp();” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).
