> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the happay.in privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160504091007id_/http%3A//www.happay.in/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Happay | Privacy

#### This Privacy Policy explains how Happay collects personal and non-personal information, classified as mandatory or voluntary and uses, discloses and protects such information through the website or mobile application. 'Personal Information' is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person ("Personal Information"). Personal Information for the purposes of this Policy shall include, but not limited to, information regarding Your name, address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, e-mail address, etc.

#### You may need to provide Your Personal Information during the course of using some services, for instance, creating a User ID, provide information in Your account while registering on the website or mobile application, or provide financial information while making an online purchase, upload content, participate in any online survey or contest, communicate with Happay's customer service by phone, email or otherwise, provide reviews for the content available on the website or mobile application.

#### Happay collects only such Personal Information that we believe to be relevant and is required to understand You or Your interests. Happay collects Your Personal Information in order to record, support and facilitate Your participation in the activities You select, track Your preferences, to provide You with a customized website or mobile application experience, to notify You of any updated information and new activities and other related functions offered by Happay, keep You informed about latest content available on the website or mobile application, special offers, and other products and services of Happay, to assist You with customer service or technical support issues, to follow up with You after Your visit, to otherwise support Your relationship with Happay or to prevent fraud and unlawful use.

#### In an effort to make our website or mobile application effective, certain information may be collected each time you visit the Website or use our mobile application which is available on different platforms. Such information may be stored in server logs. These encrypted statistics do not identify you personally, but provide us the information regarding your visit to the Website or mobile application and the type of user who is accessing our Website or mobile application and certain browsing activities by You. This data may include: IP address of Your server from where the Website is being accessed, the type of browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Google Chrome etc.), the operating system of Your system and the Website You last visited before visiting to our Website. The duration of Your stay on our Website is also stored in the session along with the date and time of your access. These data are used by Happay to understand the use and number of user visiting the Website. Some of the information related to the Website and Your visit to the Website may be shared by the sponsors, investors, advertisers, developer, strategic business partners of Happay and some associates in order to enhance and grow our business and the website or mobile application but we assure that these information will never include any of Your Personal Informations. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major Websites.

#### When You use the website or mobile application, Happay 's servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) may collect information indirectly and automatically about Your activities on the website or mobile application; for instance by way of cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to a user's browser from a web server and is eventually stored on a user's computer hard drive. This anonymous information is maintained distinctly and is not linked to the Personal Information You submit to Happay.

#### Whether You want Your web browser to accept cookies or not is up to You. If You haven't changed Your computer's settings, most likely Your browser already accepts cookies. If You choose to decline cookies, You may not be able to fully experience all features of the website or mobile application. You can also delete Your browser cookies or disable them entirely, but this may significantly impact Your experience with the website or mobile application and may make parts of the Website non functional or inaccessible. We recommend that You leave them turned on.

#### We use third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on this website or mobile application. They may collect anonymous information about Your visits to our website or mobile application, and Your interaction with our products and services. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. They do not know the name, phone number, address, email address, or any personally identifying information about the user.

#### Happay also uses the log file like other website or mobile application servers which is the standard measures. They include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. We use them to analyse trends, administer the site, track a user's movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. Happay DOES NOT trade or sell Your Personal Information in any manner, except as specified herein, or if express consent is sought from You.

####  **Personal Information provided by You is used only:**

(a) to facilitate Your use of the website or mobile application;   
(b) to respond to Your inquiries or fulfil Your requests for information about the various services;   
(c) to provide You with information about Happay's products/services and to send You information, materials, and offers from Happay;   
(d) to send You important information regarding the website or mobile application, changes to Happay's terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information;   
(e) to send You surveys and marketing communications that Happay believes may be of interest to You;   
(f) to personalize Your experience on the website or mobile application and Happay's other websites by presenting advertising, products and offers tailored to You;   
(g) to help You address Your problems with the website or mobile application including addressing any technical problems;   
(h) if You purchase any content or avail of any service from the website or mobile application, to complete and fulfil Your purchase, for example, to have Your payments processed, communicate with You regarding Your purchase and provide You with related customer service;   
(i) for proper administering of the website or mobile application;   
(j) to conduct internal reviews and data analysis for the website or mobile application (e.g., to determine the number of visitors to specific pages within the website or mobile application);   
(k) to improve the services, content and advertising on the website or mobile application;   
(l) to protect the integrity of the website or mobile application; and   
(m) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law. 

#### You acknowledge that apart from Your Personal Information, if You upload any content on the website or mobile application, such content may contain information including Personal Information and the same may be available to the other users of the website or mobile application. Happay will not be liable for the disclosure and dissemination of such Personal Information to third parties.

#### Happay may disclose aggregated information about the use of the website or mobile application, but it will never contain Personal Information. Happay does not disclose Personal Information to third parties in the normal course of operations. However, in situations when Happay is legally obligated to disclose information to the government or other third parties, Happay will do so.

#### Happay implements standard measures to protect against unauthorized access to and unlawful interception of Personal Information. However, no internet site can fully eliminate security risks.

#### You are required to submit Your information at the time of making an online purchase on the website or mobile application. Happay uses an online payment gateway that is operated by a third party and the information that You share with Happay transferred and shared with such third party payment gateway operator. The said operator may also have access to Your online purchase history/details that You make from the website or mobile application.

#### Extremely sensitive information like Your credit-card details are transacted upon secure sites of approved payment gateways which are digitally under encryption, thereby providing the highest possible degree of care as per current technology. You are advised, however, that internet technology is not 100% safe and You should exercise discretion on using the same.
