> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kaunsa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171128155509id_/http%3A//www.kaunsa.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - Kaunsa.com, Online Shopping Store

1\. kaunsa.com does not sell or rent any of your personal information to the third party for their marketing purposes without your prior consent. The information is only used as described in our privacy policy. As we understand the privacy of your information, we ensure that your information is secured from the online threats. If you suspect to find that your information is being used by or transferred to the third party, do not use the site.  
2\. The information collected by us is the one that you provide. For example, when you place an order with us, we collect your information line name, shipping address, contact number, e-mail ID, etc. Then, if you sign up for the Newsletter, we only collect your e-mail ID. In case of special services, we may seek for some other personal information. We use all these information only for the internal procedures like processing of the order and keeping you informed about the same.  
3\. Under no circumstances, your PII (Personally Identifiable Information) is rented, traded or shared to the third party. All the information, collection by us, is solely for the processing of the orders that you place. kaunsa.com reserves the right to communicate your personal information to any third party that makes a legally compliant request for its disclosure. However, we will not disclose your identification information like your name, address, etc., to the third party, without your prior consent for the same. As we reserve the right to collect the general demographic and other anonymous information, these do not link you personally or identify you.  
4\. If you are no longer interested in receiving e-mail announcements and other marketing information from kaunsa.com, or you want us to remove any PII (Personally Identifiable Information) that we have collected about you, please [ Click Here](http://www.kaunsa.com/MyAccount/ticket.aspx) to open ticket.  
5\. We use Cookies and technologies like Pixel Tags and Clear Gifs to store certain types of information each time you visit any page on our website. The Cookies enable kaunsa.com to recognize the information you have approved to give to kaunsa.com and help us determine what portions of kaunsa.com are most appropriate for your professional needs. We may also use Cookies to serve advertising banners to you. These advertising banners may be served by us or by a third party, on our behalf. These cookies will not contain any personal information.  
6\. Whether you want your web browser to accept Cookies or not is up to you. If you haven't changed your computer's settings, most likely your browser already accepts Cookies. If you choose to decline Cookies, you may not be able to experience all features of kaunsa.com. You can also delete your browser Cookies or disable them entirely. But, this may significantly impose impact on your experience with kaunsa.com and may make parts of the website non-functional or inaccessible. We recommend you to leave the Cookies turned on.  
7\. We use third-party service providers to provide ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this site. In this case, they may collect some anonymous information about your visits to kaunsa.com, and your interaction with the products and services. They may target your information about the visits in order to endorse the products and services. The use of Pixel Tag helps in the collection of such anonymous information. This technology is industry standard technology and used by most of the popular websites. No Personal Identification Information (PII) is collected or used in this process. The third-party does not know you name, address, email or contact number.  
8\. **Legal Requests :** We cooperate with law enforcement and regulatory inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights, to help protect you and the community from bad actors. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, email address, Registered User ID history, fraud complaints, and listing history without a subpoena. Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; or report suspected illegal activity. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email, and company name to Intellectual Property right's owners under confidentiality agreement, as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity. Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.   
9\. In order to attain more information regarding this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third-party service provider.
