> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tweetdeck.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111207161656id_/http%3A//www.tweetdeck.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy « TweetDeck - Your social world

## Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy describes TweetDeck, Inc.’s (“TweetDeck’s”) policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information on [www.tweetdeck.com](http://www.tweetdeck.com/) and any affiliated sites (collectively, the “Site”) and the services, applications, browsers, widgets and software made available by TweetDeck (together with the Site referred to as the “Services”). TweetDeck receives information about you from various sources, including through your registration with TweetDeck, your use of the TweetDeck Services, and from various third party websites, SMS, APIs and other services. When using any of the TweetDeck Services, you are consenting to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [legal@tweetdeck.com](mailto:legal@tweetdeck.com).

### Overview

The purpose of the Site and the Services, owned and operated by TweetDeck, is to provide a personal browser for you to organize and optimize your social networking by integrating your social network posts and feeds from other sites, services, applications and widgets, including Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google Buzz, Foursquare, and others ("Third Party Services").

Our Privacy Policy covers TweetDeck’s treatment of personal information that TweetDeck gathers when you use the Services. This Privacy Policy also covers TweetDeck’s treatment of any personal information that TweetDeck’s business partners share with TweetDeck or TweetDeck shares with its business partners.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that TweetDeck does not own or control, including but not limited to any Third Party Services that you elect to access though TweetDeck, or to individuals that TweetDeck does not employ or manage.

### Information We Collect And Use

**Information Collected on Registration:** When you register for the TweetDeck Services, you will provide personal information, such as your name, username, password and email address. Like other passwords, you should choose one that is known only to you. You acknowledge that this information is personal to you, and by creating an account on TweetDeck, you allow others, including TweetDeck, to identify you. We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services or to market to you. You may unsubscribe from these messages through instructions on the Site. We may also request demographic information and unique identifiers in order to provide you with a more personalized service, but this information is optional. To the extent you provide TweetDeck with personal information, you are not anonymous to us.

**Additional Information:** You may provide us with additional information to make public, such as a short biography, your location, or a picture. You may customize your account by providing additional information such as cell phone number, permitting geotagging, or allowing the Service to access information from your contact list, friends list, followers and others within your network on a Third Party Service. If you send us an email or other message, we may keep your message, email address and contact information to respond to your request. Providing any of this additional information is purely optional.

**Information Collected During Configuration:** When you configure your TweetDeck account and browser, you may choose to create a data feed to/from other accounts or services that you maintain through Third Party Services, such as Twitter, Facebook, MySpace, Google Buzz and Foursquare. If you elect to link to such Third Party Services, we may collect information related to your use of that Third Party Service, such as your username and password for that Third Party Service. We will use such account information only to allow you to access those Third Party Services through the TweetDeck application.

**Information You Elect to Make Public:** The TweetDeck Services and Third Party Services accessed through the TweetDeck Services are primarily designed to assist you in sharing information with the world. Most of the information that you provide to us is information that you are asking us to make public. This includes information that you desire to post to Third Party Services, such as messages that you send through Twitter, posts to Facebook, MySpace or Google Buzz, check-in information on Foursquare, etc., and all related metadata. Depending on your privacy settings on such Third Party Services, this information may be provided to the public at large or only to those that you have permitted to access such information through the applicable Third Party Services. Any information that you publicly transmit is instantly and broadly disseminated, and is stored by TweetDeck. Therefore, you should be careful about the information that you make available through TweetDeck.

**Third Party Services:** As mentioned above, TweetDeck allows you to manage your accounts with Third Party Services such as Twitter, Facebook, MySpace, Google Buzz and Foursquare. Any information that you elect to distribute through any of these services by using the TweetDeck Service is instantly provided to such Third Party Services and after leaving the TweetDeck servers becomes accessible by such Third Party Services. Therefore, in addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy, you should also review the privacy policies of the Third Party Services that you access through your TweetDeck account. For example, if you post a Tweet to Twitter, the Tweet will automatically be transmitted; if you check-in at a location, it will be automatically posted to Foursquare and may be available to other services, such as Twitter or Facebook, but only if you have elected to connect the TweetDeck Services to such Third Party Services. You should review the Terms of Service and Privacy Policies of our Third Party Service providers, which presently include (but may not be limited to) the following: [Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/), [Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/), [MySpace](http://www.myspace.com/), [Foursquare](http://www.foursquare.com/), and [Google Buzz](http://www.google.com/buzz).

**Contact Information:** We may collect contact, friend, follower or other network information from Third Party Services. In order to connect with others, you may use the Services to send invitations through the Third Party Services or email addresses if they are not users of the applicable service. By providing email addresses or other information of non-users to TweetDeck, you represent that you have authority to do so. This information will be covered by the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy and will enable us to provide customized services such as suggesting people with whom to connect or information and postings that you may want to follow.

**Location Information:** If you use our services on mobile devices, we may access your location information when you log-in to our Services and may access such information if you elect to make it available to a Third Party Service. You may also choose to note your location in posts that you make, or via use of Third Party Services (such as checking in at a location through Foursquare). Such location information may be made available through the Third Party Services that you elect to be part of the Services offered by TweetDeck; such Third Party Services may make broader use and dissemination of such location information. If you turn on location services, we may know your exact coordinates to help improve and to provide some services. You can control your location information settings through your account settings, through you account settings with Third Party Services or through the settings on your mobile device.

**Automatic Information:**

    We may receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. TweetDeck may automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or mobile device, which may include your location, IP address, TweetDeck cookie information, and the information you request. TweetDeck may use this traffic data to help diagnose problems with its server, analyze trends and administer the Site and Services.
    Our Services may automatically collect usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Site and Services and their components, similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show. TweetDeck may use this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. This type of aggregate data may enable us to figure out how often individuals use parts of the Site and Services, so we can make the Site and Services appealing to as many users as possible. As part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information, not information about you personally, to our partners about how our users, collectively, use our Site and Services. If we share this type of statistical data, we do so in a manner that our partners can understand how often people use their areas of our Site and Service, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal TweetDeck experience.

**Information from Other Sources:** For purposes such as improving personalization of our Services, we may receive information about you from other sources. Like the information you provide to us, we do not share this information with anyone except authorized third parties in connection with providing you with our Services.

**Cookies:**

    Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we may transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our Site are visited and by how many people. To the extent TweetDeck uses cookies, such cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your username or e-mail address is; we use cookies to enhance users’ experiences, to learn more about their use of the Site and Services and to improve quality.
    Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because deleting cookies may reduce the functionality of TweetDeck.
    Ads may appear on the Site or the Services, and advertisers may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by TweetDeck and does not cover the use of cookies, if any, by advertisers.
    One type of cookie, known as a "persistent" cookie, may (at your option) be set once you’ve logged in to your TweetDeck account. The next time you open your TweetDeck application, the persistent cookie will allow us to recognize you as an existing user so you will not need to log in before using the Services.

**Advertising and Web Beacons:**

    To support the TweetDeck Services we provide at no cost to you, as well as provide a more relevant and useful experience for you, we serve our own ads and also allow third party advertisements. These advertisements are targeted and served to users, by both TweetDeck and other companies, called ad networks. Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms.
    Advertisements on TweetDeck may be targeted to users who fit a certain general profile category (e.g., "finance executives in New York"), may be based on anonymized information inferred from a User’s profile (e.g., industry, compensation bracket, gender, age, ethnic origin, nationality, religion, or other aspects of your life), may be based on a user’s use of TweetDeck, personal information stored by TweetDeck, or may be based on your user names and posting on Third Party Services. Other than your user names on Third Party Services, TweetDeck does not provide personally identifiable information to any third party ad network for use outside of the Services.
    To increase the effectiveness of ad delivery, we may include a file, called a web beacon, from an ad network within the TweetDeck Services. The web beacon allows the ad network to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for advertisers. Web beacons also enable the ad networks to serve ads to you when you visit other websites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network’s servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.

**Links:** TweetDeck may keep track of how you interact with links in messages posted through the Service or Third Party Services. We do this to improve the Services, including advertising, and to be able to share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on.

## Uses Of Personal Information

Information about our users is important to our business. We use and share your personal information only as described below.

    **Information You Provide to Us:** The information you provide to us is used for such purposes as allowing you to interact with other users, improving the content of the Services, customizing the advertising and content you see, and communicating with you about specials and new features. We may also draw upon this information in order to adapt the Services of our community to your needs, to research the effectiveness of our network, and to develop new tools for the community.
    **TweetDeck Communications:** As described in the Terms of Service, we may communicate with you through email and notices through the TweetDeck Services. We may send you messages that help inform you about features of our Services. We may use your personal information to send you messages with promotional information directly or on behalf of our partners, unless you have opted out of receiving promotional information. You can change your settings at any time my modifying your preferences in your account settings. Please note, however, you cannot opt out of receiving messages relating to the Services from TweetDeck, such as changes to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, etc.
    **Information You Post:** Information you submit to the Service will be available to users of the Service in accordance with the selected privacy settings. Your name and profile picture thumbnail will be available in search results across the Service network, Third Party Services and those limited pieces of information may be made available to third party search engines. This is primarily so your friends can find you and send a friend request. When you interact through TweetDeck, such as posting a message or checking in to a location, information about you, including user profile information, may be visible to other users. Information that you post to a Third Party Service may become publicly accessible based on your privacy settings that you have with the Third Party Service provider, and TweetDeck has no control over the information once it leaves the TweetDeck servers. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, that information becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others and redistributed through the internet and other media channels. You may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. We may also store information and content transmitted through the Services and Third Party Services to provide you with a more customized user experience, to serve more directly relevant advertising and offers to you, to suggest services and content that you may want to follow and to suggest others on the Service that you might want to follow or otherwise add to your contacts, friends or network (but we will not add such individuals to your network without your consent). You may change the availability of such services in your account settings.
    **Customized Content:** We use information provided to us to customize your experience with our Services. For example, when you login to TweetDeck, we may display names of new users who have recently joined your network or recent status updates from your friends, followers and connections and updates from people that we think you might be interested in adding to your network.
    **Sharing Information with Third Parties:** We share information with Third Party Services as described above. We will not rent or sell your personal information to anyone for marketing purposes outside of the Services. We may, however, use or provide personal information about you to more appropriately target advertising within the Services. We may provide aggregated anonymous data about usage of the Services to third parties that we deem in our sole discretion, to be appropriate, including advertisers. This information may include aggregated behavioral data (e.g., information from your public posts and preferences), and individual, anonymized behavioral information (e.g., gender, geographic location).
    **Information About Others Within Your Network.** We may use information concerning your contacts, friends, followers and others within your network to make your experience more personal and to expand your use of the Services. For example, we may use such information to suggest that you might know another person and consider adding them to your network (although we will never add individuals to your network without your consent). We may also follow the trends of your network and suggest other services that you may want to consider or individuals or content that you may want to consider following (e.g., we noticed that 4 of your Facebook friends use Foursquare, you should consider signing up for Foursquare if you are not already a member).
    **Affiliated Business We Do Not Control:** In certain situations, TweetDeck may provide services, or sell products jointly with affiliated businesses. We will share customer information that is related to such transactions with that affiliated business. We require our affiliates to provide the same level of privacy protection that we do and they do not have the right to share or use personal information for any purpose other than for an authorized transaction.
    **Agents:** We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Examples include removing repetitive information from user lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, and providing customer service. Our agents subscribe to the same level of privacy protection as we do. Unless we tell you differently, TweetDeck’s agents do not have any right to use the personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.

### Working with Third Parties to Offer Services:

    We collaborate with third parties to offer services and functionality from third parties. These third parties are typically partners ("TweetDeck Partners") with whom we have negotiated an agreement to provide services ("Combined Services"). TweetDeck Partners may perform specific tasks in connection with the Services, such as posting photographs. We may share usernames and login information with such TweetDeck Partners to allow such parties to perform Combined Services. Such agreements contain terms and conditions contain restrictions on access, storage and use of your information.
    If you choose to use Combined Services, you may be asked to confirm acceptance of the privacy policy and/or user agreement of the TweetDeck Partner, which have not necessarily been reviewed or approved by TweetDeck. It is your choice whether or not to make use of Combined Services and whether to proceed under any third party terms.
    Also, despite our agreements and technical steps taken to restrict access to and avoid possible misuse of information we may not screen or audit all Combined Services. We also cannot guarantee that any TweetDeck Partner will abide by our agreement. You agree that your use of Combined Services is on an "as is" basis and without any warranty.
    If you, your friends, followers, connections, members of your network, or other users of TweetDeck use or interact with any Combined Service, the TweetDeck Partner may access and share certain information about you with others, such as your profile information and information visible only to your connections. This includes information about your connections by virtue of you being connected to others. However, because a Combined Service can make calls on behalf of the user interacting with it to access non-public information, the level of detail accessible by the Combined Service through TweetDeck is constrained by the same settings that govern visibility of your data to that user on the applicable third party service. For example, assuming you have not already given our application permission to access your information, your non-public profile information should not be visible to someone using our Services if it is not otherwise accessible to that person on the Third Party Service.
    Please also note that because of our relationship with certain TweetDeck Partners, permission to access certain account information may be automatically granted to provide the Combined Services or functionality.
    To revoke permission granted to a Combined Service at any time, please visit the settings page and the settings pages for the applicable Third Party Service provider. Note, however, that even if you revoke the permission granted a third party, your connections, other members of your network, or other users of the Service may still be using the Combined Service, so the Combined Service may still have access to certain information about you, just as those users do. That is why it is important to only connect to individuals you know and trust. To report any suspected misuse of information, contact customer service. TweetDeck is not responsible for your use of or inability to use any Combined Service, including the content, accuracy, or reliability of applications and the privacy practices or other policies of TweetDeck Partners.
    **Promotional Offers:** We may use your user names on Third Party Services, information that you post, information about others within your network and information you provide as part of the registration to target advertising and send offers to certain users on behalf of other businesses. However, when we do so, we do not give the other business your name (except to the extent that your name is the same or similar to your user name) and physical address. If you do not wish to receive these offers you may opt-out in the account settings. We do not, however, sell, rent or otherwise provide personal information about you for use in marketing outside the Services.
    **Business Transfers:** In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if TweetDeck, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that TweetDeck goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, customer information would be one of the assets that is transferred to or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of TweetDeck may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
    **Protection of TweetDeck and Others:** We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of TweetDeck, our employees, our users, or others. TweetDeck may disclose personal information to parties in compliance with TweetDeck's Copyright Policy, as TweetDeck in its sole discretion believes necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity. In such events, TweetDeck may disclose name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, and e-mail address.
    **With Your Consent:** Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties, and you will be able to prevent the sharing of this information. 
    **Non-Private or Non-Personal Information:** We may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated or otherwise non-personal information, such as your public posts, public profiles, or the number of users who clicked on a particular link or number of users at a particular location (even if only one).

### Security

    Information you provide to TweetDeck related to Third Party Services you access through the Services is protected by the privacy policies and procedures of such Third Party Services. You need to work to protect against unauthorized access to your passwords for those Third Party Services and to your computer by signing off once you have finished using a shared computer.
    Only employees who need personal information to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service representative) are granted access to it. All of our employees are kept up to date on our privacy and security practices.

### Your Access To Information

TweetDeck may allow you to access the following information about you for the singular purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating that information.

    You may be able to add or update certain information via the Site or Services. When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.
    You may delete the TweetDeck software from your computer if you wish to cease using TweetDeck’s Services. Please note that information may remain in our records after deletion of such software.
    To the extent your e-mail address is provided to TweetDeck, you may receive e-mail or other communications from us. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Site and Services, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes.
    As explained earlier, the "help" portion of the toolbar on the majority of browsers will direct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies. Please note, however, that if do not allow cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of some of our features.
    As stated previously, you can always opt not to disclose information, even though it may be needed to take advantage of certain TweetDeck features.

### Children And Minors

TweetDeck is not intended for children. If you are under 13, you may use the Site and Services only with involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.

### Changes To The Privacy Policy

TweetDeck may amend this Privacy Policy. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to our privacy policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Site, sending you an email, or posting a message through the Service so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed.

### Questions Or Concerns

If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy at TweetDeck, please send us a detailed message to [legal@tweetdeck.com](mailto:legal@tweetdeck.com) or to TweetDeck, Inc., c/o Betaworks Studio, LLC, 416 West 13th Street, Suite 203, New York, NY 10014. Your privacy is important to us and we will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
