> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tweetmyjobs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140213143501id_/http%3A//www.tweetmyjobs.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | TweetMyJobs

**(as of May 9, 2012)**

  1. **Introduction**
    1. CareerArc Group LLC, with offices at 2600 W. Olive Avenue, Suite 710, Burbank, CA 91505 (referred to as, "CareerArc", "we", "us", "our") provides the [www.internships.com](http://www.internships.com/), [www.tweetmyjobs.com](http://www.tweetmyjobs.com/), [www.thewhobutton.com](http://www.thewhobutton.com/), [www.careersearch.net](http://www.careersearch.net/), [www.searchexpo.net](http://www.searchexpo.net/), [www.careerbeam.com](http://www.careerbeam.com/), and other CareerArc websites (collectively, the "Site"). The Site includes a variety of services, online and mobile applications, downloadable software, products and features, including, but not limited to, internships, tweetmyjobs, _the who? button_ , careersearch, searchexpo, and careerbeam, all available on various mediums or devices now known or hereafter developed (collectively, the, "Services").
    2. This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and informs you (also referred to as "your" or "User") what information is collected and used on the Site and through use of the Services. If you are a subscriber to one or more of the Services, you may additionally be required to execute a separate written contract which incorporates this Privacy Policy by reference.
    3. By clicking the "I Agree" or "I Accept" button during registration or by accessing, visiting, browsing, using, signing in or attempting to interact with any part of the Site or any of the Services, you explicitly accept, without limitation or qualification, of the collection, use and transfer of the personal information provided by you in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it affects your rights and liabilities under law. If you disagree with the way we collect and process personal information collected, do not use the Site or the Services.
    4. We may make content or services from other web sites available to you from links located on the Site or though use of the Services. These other web sites are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you review the privacy policy at each such website to determine how that site protects your privacy. While we take measures to safeguard your information from unauthorized access or inappropriate use by third parties, we do not control these third parties and we are not responsible for their use of information you post or otherwise make available.
    5. Colleges and universities use the Site and Services for career development functions. Accordingly, university staff and administrators may have the ability to access and use some or all of the personal information belonging to students and alumni of their schools including, without limitation, the ability to send them e-mails using communication tools on the Site or through use of the Services, and, in certain instances with respect to students and alumni, to publish their resumes in the school's resume book on the Site and to apply for jobs on their behalf. The activities and practices of school staff and administrators are not subject to this Privacy Policy, and we are not responsible for what they do with personal information about students or alumni which is available or accessible to them on or through the Site. If you have questions regarding the practices and policies of a school with respect to your personal information, we recommend that you contact them directly.
  2. **Personally Identifiable Information We Collect**
    1. We receive and collect personally identifiable information about individual Users of the Site (such as name, contact information, demographic information, academic history, etc.) from: (i) you, on a strictly voluntary basis, by specifically requesting it from you (1) when you register on the Site, (2) when you complete or edit your profile, (3) when you use or register for the Services, (4) when you respond to surveys or questionnaires, (5) when you enter or sign up for promotions or contests; or (6) when you choose to upload resumes, cover letters, writing samples and other documents to the Site, which contain personal information about you, or personal information about third parties, such as references or contacts, that you provide to us if you have such third party's consent to do so, and (ii) our business partners, including, but not limited to, our social networking partners (e.g., Facebook) who have your permission to disclose your personal information to us.
    2. We may also ask you for other information from time to time, which you may choose to provide or not to provide at your sole discretion, such as information regarding your views on career related topics and other selected issues, your opinion regarding various features of our Site or Services, the types of jobs or candidates you are interested in, etc..
  3. **How We Use Personally Identifiable Information Collected**
    1. Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose, display or share your personal information to or with third parties without your permission. We use personally identifying information we collect on the Site or through use of the Services for the following purposes:
      1. to allow you to create an account and profile;
      2. to enable you to provide feedback, to contact us and for us to respond to you;
      3. to provide information about you and your potential interest in job postings to employer customers or networking opportunities with other users of our Site and Services;
      4. to provide products and services to employer customers to complete the recruitment and hiring process, such as accessing the searchable resume database;
      5. to communicate with you with regard to your use of the Site and the Services, or to advise you of Site or Service changes or other events or occurrences which may affect your access to or use of the Site or Services;
      6. to provide alumni associations or career centers at universities and colleges who are members of our Network (as defined below) with information and statistics on student or alumni Users of the Site or Services;
      7. to administer sweepstakes, contests, surveys, questionnaires, polling activities and other similar events and activities that you choose to participate in;
      8. to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
      9. to prevent fraud or other illegal activity, to prevent imminent bodily harm, or to protect ourselves and you from people violating our Terms of Service, which may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, courts or other government entities; and
      10. for other purposes specifically communicated to you when we collect the information.
  

    2. If you are a job or internship seeker and choose to publish your profile, upload or create a resume or any other document containing personal information (e.g., education and work history) so that employers can find you in our database or to participate in the TweetMyJobs network, CareerAmp network, CareerBeam network, CareerSearch network or any of our other networks (collectively, "Networks"), your personal profile information and resume will be searchable by and accessible to employers who have access to those databases. Please note that for either uploaded or resumes created on our website they must not contain sensitive data relating to your (i) racial or ethnic origin (ii) political beliefs (iii) philosophical or religious beliefs (iv) membership of a trade union or political party (v) physical or mental health or genetic makeup (vi) addictions, (vii) sexual life (viii) the commission of criminal offences or proceedings and associated penalties or fines, (ix) any Social Security Number or state or national identification number, or (x) credit card or bank account numbers. If you provide us with details of a professional reference, it is your responsibility to ensure that the person is aware that you have forwarded his/her details and has consented in writing for you to do so. While we endeavor to restrict access to these databases to eligible employers, we cannot guarantee that other parties will not, without our consent, gain access to these databases as well. You may make your profile private and thus unsearchable or opt out of any of our Networks at any time. However, employers and recruiters who have access to these databases, and other parties who have otherwise gained access to these databases may have retained a copy of your profile or resume in their own files or databases. We are not responsible for the retention, use or privacy of resumes in these instances, or for the use or privacy of resumes or other personal information of Users by any of such parties while such resumes or personal information are in resume books or any of our Networks.
    3. With your permission, we may use your e-mail address and other contact information to send you articles, profiles, industry news and other career related information, as well as to notify you of special promotions or additional products and services offered by us or our business partners and advertisers that may be of interest to you. With your permission, we may also share your personal information with our business partners and other third parties to enable them to contact you regarding special promotions, products, and services they offer which may be of interest to you. You have the ability to opt-out of these types of communications at any time (see "Opt-in/Opt-out Policy" below).
    4. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site or use the Services. These companies may use information (not including your name, street address, email or telephone number) about your visits to the Sites and other web sites, or use of the Services, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
    5. We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include hosting our web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These other companies will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide services to us.
    6. From time to time, we may also disclose personally identifiable information to fulfill certain legal and regulatory requirements or if we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure is legally required or necessary to protect others' rights or to prevent or mitigate harm. We may also disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of our business, whether such acquisition is by merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, if CareerArc becomes the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, CareerArc or its trustee in bankruptcy may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the bankruptcy court.
    7. All Users should be aware that when they voluntarily display or distribute personal information (such as their e-mail address) to others (whether in chat rooms, message boards or discussion forums, by posting internships, responding to employers message or otherwise), that information can be collected and used by others. This may result in unsolicited messages from third parties, for which we are not responsible.
    8. Finally, if you provide any information to parties who operate web sites that are linked to or from the Site or Servics, or if you input your information on a co-branded registration page such as that of a CareerArc and partner company-sponsored contest, different rules may apply to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information by such other party. We are not responsible for any such party's use of your personal information. We encourage you to review these sites' privacy policies or terms of service before revealing any sensitive or personal information.
  4. **Updating Account Information**
    1. When you complete your profile to register on the Site or to use the Services, You are allowed to change or correct your personal information at any time. To do so, simply log in to your account, go to your profile, and you will find options for editing the information you have submitted.
  5. **Some Important Tips for Job or Internship Seekers to Use When Dealing With Prospective Employers**
    1. Never give out your social security number to a prospective employer via email or before you are contracted to work for them.
    2. Never provide credit card or bank numbers or monetary transaction of any sort to employers.
    3. Be cautious when dealing with contacts outside of your own country.
    4. Do not provide any non-work related personal information (i.e. eye color, marital status, etc.) over the phone or online.
  6. **Opt-In/Opt-Out Policy**
    1. When you complete your profile to register on the Site or to use the Services, you will be presented with a series of choices regarding whether you want to receive certain types of communications directly from us or on behalf of our business partners and advertisers. If you do not wish to receive any or all of such communications, you may opt-out by responding "no" or clicking the appropriate box to opt-out. By electing not to opt-out of such communications, you are granting permission to allow CareerArc to send the selected communications. We reserve the right to send you communications regarding the Site or the Services, or to advise you of Site or Service changes or other events or occurrences which may affect your access to or use of the Site or Services (such as service announcements, administrative notices and the like) without offering you the opportunity to opt out of them. If after opting-in to our Networks or receiving communications from us or our business partners, you wish to opt-out of participation in the Network or from receiving future communications, you may do so at any time. To do so, simply log in to your applicable Network account, go to your profile, and you will find options for editing your opt-in preferences.
  7. **Internet Protocol (IP) Addresses and Aggregated User Data**
    1. We may collect IP addresses from all Users of the Sites or Services, and collect and monitor other data and information about the activities of our Users on the Site or Services collectively. We only use such data anonymously and in the aggregate. This data is not used to track or monitor personally identifiable information of individual Users. We gather and monitor this data to analyze trends, administer the Site or Services, identify Users when they visit the Site or use the Services, track Users' movements on the Site or through use of the Services, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We also may use the IP addresses to geo-target advertisements. We may share this information with our partners so that they too may understand our User base and Site and Service usage patterns, but only on a collective, aggregated basis and in a manner which does not reveal any personally identifiable information about any individual User.
    2. We may use spot light ads/web beacons/GIF and/or pixel tags which are site instrumentation tools that help us to determine, for instance, whether a page has been viewed or not and, if so, how many times. When you ask us to send you information on a promotion or a newsletter, we may use web beacons to establish how many of the emails are actually opened. In general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page, including an ad banner, can act as a web beacon. We may use web beacons to collect web usage analytics.
    3. When you visit the Site, the server housing the pages automatically generates a "session log." We use session logs to help us determine how people travel through the Site. In this way, we can structure our pages so that the information most frequently visited is easier to find. By tracking page visits, we can also determine if the information we're providing is being used. The only data gathered is the Internet Protocol (IP) address from which you came (which contains no personal information), the web site that referred you, the pages you visited and the date and time of those visits.
    4. Users may be directed to the Site or Services via banner ads or site links. Ads or Site links that are placed by the Site use cookies or web beacons to deliver metrics on the effectiveness of the ads or links. They do not collect personal information from the user.
  8. **Cookies**
    1. Cookies, which are small text files recorded in a User's hard drive, are employed by thousands of sites to enhance users' Web viewing the Site. Cookies cannot damage user files, nor can they read information from a user's hard drive. Cookies allow sites and advertisers to "remember" users across pages of a site and across multiple visits to a site. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify Users, although they do identify a User's computer. We use session and persistent cookies for remembering User preferences and current session information. Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster service, more consistent, updated results, and a more personalized site.
  9. **Children Under 13**
    1. The Site and Services are not intended for children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will delete such personally identifiable information from our records.
  10. **Security**
    1. The accounts containing your registration information, profile and resume are password protected, so only you can access your account. Passwords are for each User's individual use and you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your password. All personally identifiable information we collect about you is stored in limited-access servers. The Site has technical, administrative and physical security measures and safeguards in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. The Site is hosted in a secure server environment that uses a firewall and other advanced technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. We are committed to placing reasonable and appropriate safeguards to protecting your information against foreseeable risks. However, no computer system or information can ever be fully protected against every possible hazard, and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to circumvent those safeguards or use your personal information for improper purposes. While one of our primary purposes is to provide job seekers with a platform to broadcast the information in their resumes and profile to maximize their career opportunities, such a platform does present a risk that unauthorized third parties will view this data so please follow the practices suggested by this Policy and our Site to conduct a safe and secure job search.
    2. Except as described in the following paragraph, when you subscribe to products or services online at the Site, your credit card information is protected through the use of encryption software -SSL, which makes it difficult for unauthorized third parties to intercept or steal your credit card information while it is being transmitted. CareerArc uses a service company to process its credit card transactions. While on a secure page, such as one of our order forms, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer versions 4.0 or higher becomes locked.
    3. While we use SSL encryption and user passwords to protect sensitive information online, we also protect user-information off-line. All of our Users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a member service representative) are granted access to sensitive or personally identifiable information. Furthermore, all employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
  11. **Your California Rights**
    1. A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes ("California customer") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed.
    2. However, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing customer's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right.
    3. As stated above, we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure. If you do ask us to share your information with a third party for its marketing purposes, we will only share information in connection with that specific promotion, as we do not share information with any third party on a continual basis. To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt-in to such use when you provide personally identifiable information on the Site or through use of the Services. Please note that whenever you opt-in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information.
    4. California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing legal@careerarcgroup.com. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address.
  12. **Privacy Policy Changes**
    1. We may deem it necessary or appropriate from time to time to modify this privacy policy to reflect changes in the way we collect or use information or changes in privacy-related laws, regulations or industry standards. Accordingly, we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised policy on this Site. Information will be handled according to the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used. Your continued use of the Site and the Services following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean you accept those changes.
  13. **Questions or Concerns**
    1. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or privacy issues relating to the Sites or Services, you can contact us by email or by mail:

CareerArc Group LLC  
Attn: Legal  
2600 W. Olive Ave, Suite 710  
Burbank, CA 91505  
Phone: (818) 260-3100  
Fax: (818) 260-3101  
E-mail: [legal@careerarcgroup.com](mailto:legal@careerarcgroup.com)




TweetMyJobs® is a service provided by © 2014 CareerArc Group LLC. All rights reserved. Patent Pending.
