> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tweetarchivist.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181215134054id_/http%3A//www.tweetarchivist.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY

    Tweet Archivist uses the Personal Information you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. We will use your Personal Information in order to provide you with access to and use of our Services, to help us improve the content and functionality of the Services and to better understand our users. If you contact us by email through the Services, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence, and may use your email address, and any information that you provide to us in your message, to respond to you. In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information about our products and services and the products and services of our partners that we believe may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such marketing information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. 
    In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of our Services, Tweet Archivist also often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Information and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and Tweet Archivist may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. Tweet Archivist may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. 

    We consider your information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Information with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below. 

    Tweet Archivist is very concerned about the security of your Personal Information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. We will make any legally-required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored Personal Information to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system. 

    Our Services contain links to other websites. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personally identifiable information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit. 

    If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without his/her consent, he or she should contact us at info@tweetarchivist.com. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Information through the Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information via the Services without their permission. 

    The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for Tweet Archivist to make changes to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be updated or modified from time to time for any reason without prior notice. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on our Site or by emailing you. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. 

    If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifiable information, please contact us at [info@tweetarchivist.com](mailto:info@tweetarchivist.com). 
