> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the seedsman.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170221154038id_/https%3A//www.seedsman.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**By using/purchasing from our website www.seedsman.com you accept our[Terms & Conditions](https://www.seedsman.com/en/terms-conditions/ "Terms & Conditions"), [Privacy Policy](https://www.seedsman.com/en/privacy-policy/ "Privacy Policy") and [Legal Disclaimer](https://www.seedsman.com/en/disclaimer/ "Legal Disclaimer").**

**Seedsman.com is dedicated to ensuring the protection and privacy of our customers and visitors to our websites.   We understand and adhere to the Data Protection Act, which was set up to help and protect you – the visitor.**

Below we set out what details we do or don’t need from you and what they are used for.

### Access & Ordering

You may browse our website without any data being collected from you.  However, in order to enjoy an easier browsing and shopping experience, we offer you the ability to register an account with us.

You do not have to have an account in order to purchase goods from Seedsman.com. When you add items to your cart, a file is created on our server which stores details of your purchases. This file is linked uniquely to your browsing session and cannot be viewed by anyone else.

When you complete your order, we ask for personal information about you, such as your full name, address, e-mail address, phone number and credit card details. This data will only be shared with our payment service provider and courier services, and only for the purposes of processing and shipping your order.  All sensitive data is transmitted via an industry standard 128-bit secure socket layer connection.

We do not store your payment details

We collect anonymous, non-personal data, such as how many times a product is purchased or viewed, in order to continually modify our website to suit the browsing trends of our users.

### Your account

When you register for an account with Seedsman.com, we require that you give us a valid e-mail address. This is so that our system can verify your registration and issue you with a personal password to allow you access to your member area. Your member account is used to store your personal data, for the purposes of making orders with Seedsman.com. 

### Your data

We do not automatically collect personal data about you. We do not share any personal data with any 3rd party organization or institutions, except for the purposes of processing your order as detailed above, or if required to do so by law.

 This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### What we do with the information we gather

We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

  * Internal record keeping.
  * We may use the information to improve our products and services.
  * We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
  * From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.



### Security

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

### How we use cookies

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.

Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

### Links to other websites

Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

### Controlling your personal information

You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

  * whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
  * if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by [contacting us](https://www.seedsman.com/en/contacts "Contact Us").



We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.

If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.

### List of cookies we collect

The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.

COOKIE name| COOKIE Description  
---|---  
CART | The association with your shopping cart.  
CATEGORY_INFO | Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.  
COMPARE | The items that you have in the Compare Products list.  
CURRENCY | Your preferred currency  
CUSTOMER | An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.  
CUSTOMER_AUTH | An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.  
CUSTOMER_INFO | An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.  
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS | Stores the Customer Segment ID  
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE | A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.  
FRONTEND | You sesssion ID on the server.  
GUEST-VIEW | Allows guests to edit their orders.  
LAST_CATEGORY | The last category you visited.  
LAST_PRODUCT | The most recent product you have viewed.  
NEWMESSAGE | Indicates whether a new message has been received.  
NO_CACHE | Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.  
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART | A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.  
POLL | The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.  
POLLN | Information on what polls you have voted on.  
RECENTLYCOMPARED | The items that you have recently compared.  
STF | Information on products you have emailed to friends.  
STORE | The store view or language you have selected.  
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE | Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.  
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS | The products that you have recently viewed.  
WISHLIST | An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.  
WISHLIST_CNT | The number of items in your Wishlist.
