> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the seedstarsworld.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190624174216id_/https%3A//www.seedstars.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Seedstars

You may be aware that the new European Union legislation - the General Data Protection Regulation or "GDPR" - confers certain rights on individuals with respect to their personal data. We have therefore implemented more transparency to help users take advantage of those same rights. As provided in terms of applicable law and unless limited by it, the rights granted to individuals are as follows:

* Right of access - the right to be informed and request access to the persoanal data we process about the User;
* Right of rectification - the right to request that we change or update the User's personal data whenever they are incorrect or incomplete; 
* Right to delete information - the right to request us to erase your personal data; 
* Right to restrict - the right to request that we temporarily or permanently interrupt the processing of all or some of your personal data; 
* the right at any time to oppose the processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation; 
* the right to object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes; 
* Right to portability of data - the right to request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit such personal data for use in third party services; and 
* The right not to be subject to automated decisions - the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on an automated decision, including profiling, where the decision may have a legal effect for itself or have an equally significant effect. 

At Seedstars we are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998). We collect information about you for two reasons: firstly, to process your request, and secondly, to serve you the most relevant products and news from Seedstars. We will not email you in the future unless you have given us your consent. We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us. We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. 

**The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by contacting our Data Protection Officer at privacy@seedstars.com. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct them.**

The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law. To ensure that your information is up to date, we will validate your information supplied by you during the the first contact against appropriate third party databases. By accepting these terms and conditions you consent to such checks being made. In performing these checks personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Identity Reference Agency which may keep a record of the information. You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity. If required, we will share your details with companies and organisations that are directly involved in the activity in which you’ve engaged with Seedstars. In these cases, Seedstars will ensure that there is no further use of your data other than for the purpose of the activity. In the majority of cases they will have no right to market to you directly unless you specifically request it.   
We collect your personal data in the following ways: 

* **When the User subscribes to any Seedstars products-** when the User subscribes to the Seedstars products, we collect certain personal data. The type of information we collect about you includes Your name, Your email address, Address, Phone Number, Company Name & Size, Industry, Professional Experience, Interests and Skills. 
* **By interacting with any Seedstars Product / Communication -** when you use any Seedstars service, we collect personal information about your use of the service, such as what pages/screens you viewed, which link you’ve clicked or which action you took on the application. 
* **Personal data collected that enables us to provide you with additional features and functionality -** from time to time you may also provide us with additional personal data or give us permission to collect additional personal data, for example to provide you with additional features or functionality. 
* **Through third parties -** we will receive personal information about you and your activity through third parties, including advertisers and partners with whom we work, to provide you with the relevant news and products from Seedstars. We will use this personal data if Seedstars has a legitimate interest in using the personal data to provide the Seedstars service to the User.

We use information made anonymous and aggregated for purposes that include testing our IT systems, researching, analyzing data, creating marketing and promotion templates, improving the Seedstars service, and developing new features and functionality in the Seedstars services/products.

We use Mailchimp & SparkPost to send out emails to those who have chosen to receive email communications from us. The above mentioned tools do not use any of the information from our mailing lists except to send and process e-mail communications on our behalf. Read the [Mailchimp statement ](https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/) on privacy and permissions marketing, and [Sparkpost Privacy Policy](https://www.sparkpost.com/policies/privacy/). We use Prosperworks CRM as our central database to store and process an individual’s personal information. Read about Prosperworks GDPR Compliance [here](https://support.prosperworks.com/hc/en-us/articles/360002158572-Does-ProsperWorks-Comply-to-the-EU-General-Data-Protection-Regulation-GDPR-). For Seedstars Website Analytics, the tools we use along with their privacy policies are here: [Google Analytics](https://privacy.google.com/businesses/compliance/), [Facebook Analytics](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/) and [Hotjar](https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy). For Seedstars App Analytics, we use [Facebook Analytics](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/), [Amplitude](https://amplitude.com/privacy), [Microsoft AppCenter](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-US/) and [Fabric.](https://fabric.io/dpst.pdf)

Through the above mentioned platforms, we collect and process user information in the following ways: (1) Via Prosperworks, we process personal information to review personal information to determine the most relevant Seedstars Product for the person based on interests, skills and other demographic and professional information about the person. Relevant information about the person would be sent to our company representatives for the use of lead management, relationship management & general business activities. (2) Amplitude analyses data on user behaviour on the Seedstars App to drive relevant connections & news to our users. Amplitude, as a third-party data processor, trusts Seedstars to use relevant personal information in a manner that complies with the GDPR. Amplitude may track and store information pertaining to the person, including the information on mobile device, Location & other permissions allowed by the User on their device. The use of all such information shall be compliant as described in Amplitude’s privacy policy. (3) Google Analytics, Hotjar & Facebook Analytics help us understand user behaviour on our digital assets and help us improve the products to better suit the users. (4) Fabric and Microsoft AppCenter deliver useful User Experience information about the Seedstars App to deliver the best UX for our users. Fabric may collect & store information identifiable to a person, related to the mobile device. This is done in order to help us identify issues with the Seedstars App performance and improve the UX. All information collected and stored by Fabric shall be compliant as described in Fabric’s data processing policy. We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This can include using a “cookie” which would be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings. Should you wish to browse anonymously please contact us and request a link that we can send you to exclude you from web tracking.

**If you have any questions/ comments about privacy, you should contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@seedstars.com. If you contact us for details of existing information that we hold about you it is important that you quote your original email address, as used at the time you first contacted us. We may be unable to trace your details without this.**
