> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the seekcommercial.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100620233219id_/http%3A//www.seekcommercial.com.au/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SEEK Commercial - Privacy

| 

**1.**

| 

**Introduction**  
  
---|---  
| 

  
SEEK Commercial Pty Ltd ("SEEK Commercial", "we", "us", "our") ACN 122 162 029, recognises the importance of your privacy and is committed to protecting any personal information we collect about you in accordance with the National Privacy Principles.

For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, the word "you" includes website visitors, SEEK Commercial registered users and purchasers of SEEK Commercial products and services.

The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about:

1.        What personal information about you is collected by SEEK Commercial. 

2.        How the information is used. 

3.        With whom the information may be shared. 

4.        How you can access and change any personal information SEEK Commercial holds about you. 

5.        What security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information by SEEK Commercial. 

6.        How to contact SEEK Commercial. 

This Privacy Statement applies to any personal information you provide to us:

·         when visiting the SEEK Commercial website 

·         when using SEEK Commercial's on-line services 

·         when entering into an agreement with SEEK Commercial and/or another third party 

·         when you request SEEK Commercial to forward information about you to third party credit providers for loan or credit application purposes 

·         when you correspond, or communicate with SEEK Commercial over the telephone or in any other manner including by letter, facsimile or email 

Failure by you to provide personal information when requested by SEEK Commercial may mean that we are unable to provide certain services and products to you.  
  
**2.**

| 

**What types of information do we collect?**  
  
| 

  
SEEK Commercial gathers two types of information about you, namely:

a.        aggregated information generated by our systems (or third party systems) to track our website traffic but that which does not identify you personally; and 

b.       personal information about you such as your name, address, telephone and facsimile number, email address and in some cases, your billing details and general financial and credit information. 

The type of information that SEEK Commercial collects about you is dependent on how you use the services offered on our website and the products you are interested in purchasing through SEEK Commercial.

Generally, SEEK Commercial does not collect 'sensitive information' about you. Sensitive information includes (but is not limited to) information about your race or ethnic origin, your religion and your sexual preferences. SEEK Commercial will only collect sensitive information about you in the event that it is necessary for the purpose of providing you with a product or service. In such circumstances, SEEK Commercial will only collect sensitive information with your consent unless we are required by law to collect such information from you.

Collection of aggregate data  
SEEK Commercial also collects non-personal information in aggregate form to track data such as the total number of visits to our website, the number of visits to specific areas of our website and the domain names of our website visitors' internet service providers.

We use this information, which remains in aggregate form, to understand how our website visitors use our website so that we can constantly improve and enhance our services. We may also share this information with our partners for the purpose of providing you with optimal services.

Like many website operators, SEEK Commercial uses the independent company Nielsen//NetRatings to measure and analyse the internet usage across our websites. We use Nielsen//NetRatings' services to collect the following types of information:

·                   the number of page views that occur on our website; 

·                   the number of unique browsers to our websites; 

·                   how long these unique browsers (on average) spend on our websites when they do visit; and 

·                   common entry and exit points of our websites. 

The Nielsen//NetRatings data is also accessible by media organisations and research companies, for the purpose of conducting industry comparisons with other internet portals.

Your Internet Provider ("IP") address  
SEEK Commercial's web servers provide us with your IP address. This assists us in the diagnosis of problems and or support issues with our services.

Cookies and Applets  
SEEK Commercial uses 'cookies' and 'applets' in its website systems. These enable you to use services such as free demonstrations of our training courses. You are able to disable cookies and applets via your computer's web browser however this will restrict access to some web pages and services within the SEEK Commercial website.  
  
**3.**

| 

**How we collect information**  
  
| 

  
SEEK Commercial may collect personal information about you when you visit our website and you elect to use our on-line services, when you register as a SEEK Commercial Registered User, when you enter into a contract with SEEK Commercial and, when you deal with SEEK Commercial over the telephone or correspond with SEEK Commercial via facsimile, letter or email or any other mode of communication.

SEEK Commercial may also collect personal information about you from our training providers and other third party service providers.  
  
**4.**

| 

**How we use your personal information**  
  
| 

  
SEEK Commercial may use your personal information for one or more of the following purposes:

·         to communicate with you, including via email newsletters 

·         to facilitate and process contracts between you and SEEK Commercial and/or third parties 

·         to identify the number of people using SEEK Commercial's website services and establish the nature of their interests 

·         to facilitate SEEK Commercial registration 

·         to conduct SEEK Commercial marketing activities 

·         to provide you with information about SEEK Commercial and its services and products   
  
**5.**

| 

**Disclosure of personal information to third parties**  
  
| 

  
SEEK Commercial may disclose your personal information to our advertisers in order to facilitate your expression of interest in a business opportunity.

In some instances, including for example, where you require financial assistance, SEEK Commercial may collect personal information about you (including financial and credit information) to pass on to SEEK Commercial's preferred credit suppliers ("Credit Suppliers") for loan and/or credit application purposes. SEEK Commercial will only pass on this information where you have expressly consented to allow SEEK Commercial to do so on your behalf.

Credit Suppliers may require a range of additional personal information for loan application purposes which is not specified in this Privacy Statement. You will be sent the Credit Supplier's privacy terms should you require SEEK Commercial to supply any services or products that may require the provision of services by Credit Suppliers.

SEEK Commercial may also disclose your personal information to third party contractors who perform services for us including the management and maintenance of our information systems.

Where your personal information is passed on to third party contractors, SEEK Commercial takes reasonable steps to ensure that these individuals and/or organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.

Other than as outlined above, SEEK Commercial will not disclose your personal information without your consent unless disclosure is necessary to prevent a threat to life or health, authorised or required by law, reasonably necessary to enforce the law or necessary to investigate a suspected unlawful activity.  
  
**6.**

| 

**Access to and correction of information we hold about you**  
  
| 

  
Upon your request, SEEK Commercial will provide you with access to your personal information unless there is an exception which applies under the National Privacy Principles. If we deny such access, we will tell you why.

SEEK Commercial may recover any reasonable costs incurred in providing you access to the requested information. To request access to your personal information, please contact SEEK Commercial using one of the contact options provided in paragraph 12 of this Privacy Statement.

If you are a SEEK Commercial Registered User, you can access your registered profile at any time.  
  
**7.**

| 

**Keeping information up-to-date**  
  
| 

  
SEEK Commercial strives to ensure that the information we hold about you is accurate, complete and up-to-date at all times.

If the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete, or no longer up-to-date, or you wish for your details to be removed from the website, please contact us at [privacy@seekcommercial.com.au](mailto:privacy@seekcommercial.com.au) so that we may take reasonable steps to address this and/or discuss alternative options with you.  
  
**8.**

| 

**Storage and Security of your personal information**  
  
| 

  
SEEK Commercial takes reasonable steps to protect the security of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.

SEEK Commercial regularly reviews and implements new security and encryption technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure.

Whilst SEEK Commercial strives to protect such information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or obtain from our online products or services. Accordingly, use of our products or services is at your own risk.

Once any personal information comes into our possession, we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.  
  
**9.**

| 

**Links to other websites**  
  
| 

  
The SEEK Commercial website contains links to other websites. Please note that these links are intended for your convenience only.

Links to third party websites do not constitute endorsement, sponsorship or approval by SEEK Commercial of the content, policies or practices of those third party websites.

If you have any concerns regarding your privacy when visiting a linked third party, you should ensure that you check the privacy statement/policies of those websites.  
  
**10.**

| 

**Destruction of your personal information**  
  
| 

  
SEEK Commercial will take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify any personal information about you once the information is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected or as authorized or required by law.  
  
**11.**

| 

**Changes to SEEK Commercial's Privacy Statement**  
  
| 

  
From time to time, SEEK Commercial may make changes to this Privacy Statement. Accordingly, we encourage you to periodically review this statement to remain informed about how we collect and protect your personal information.

Your continued use of the SEEK Commercial website constitutes your acceptance of the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information to the extent outlined in this Privacy Statement as amended from time to time.

For further information about the protection of your privacy, please visit the [Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner's](http://www.privacy.gov.au/) website at .  
  
**12.**

| 

**Feedback and Questions about privacy and the SEEK Commercial website**  
  
| 

  
SEEK Commercial welcomes ideas and feedback about all aspects of the SEEK Commercial website. This feedback may be used to administer and refine the services we provide and may be shared with SEEK Commercial partners either in aggregate form or with specific identifying characteristics removed.

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement, practices of the SEEK Commercial website or your dealings with SEEK Commercial, you can contact us in the following ways:  
  
| 
