> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the seekbusiness.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160310232931id_/https%3A//www.seekbusiness.com.au/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SEEK Business - Privacy

SEEK Business Pty Ltd ABN 33 122 162 029 (" **SEEK Business** "), recognises the importance of your privacy and is committed to protecting any personal information we collect about you in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles.

Together with SEEK Learning Pty Ltd (ABN 50 084 202 719) (“ **SEEK Learning”** ), SEEK Business is a wholly owned subsidiary of SEEK Limited (ABN 46 080 075 314) (“ **SEEK** ”). In this Statement, references to “SEEK Business", "we", "us", "our" include references to SEEK, SEEK Business and SEEK Learning.

For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, the word "you" includes website visitors, SEEK Business registered users and purchasers of SEEK Business products and services.

The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about:

1.        What personal information about you is collected by SEEK Business.

2.        How the information is used.

3.        With whom the information may be shared.

4.        How you can access and change any personal information SEEK Business holds about you.

5.        What security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information by SEEK Business.

6.        How to contact SEEK Business.

This Privacy Statement applies to any personal information you provide to us:

·         when visiting the SEEK Business website

·         when using SEEK Business's on-line services

·         when entering into an agreement with SEEK Business and/or another third party

·         when you request SEEK Business to forward information about you to third party credit providers for loan or credit application purposes

·         when you correspond, or communicate with SEEK Business over the telephone or in any other manner including by letter, facsimile or email

Failure by you to provide personal information when requested by SEEK Business may mean that we are unable to provide certain services and products to you.

 **2\. What type of Information do we collect?**

SEEK Business gathers two types of information about you, namely:

a.        aggregated information generated by our systems (or third party systems) to track our website traffic but that which does not identify you personally; and

b.       personal information about you such as your name, address, telephone and facsimile number, email address and in some cases, your billing details and general financial and credit information.

The type of information that SEEK Business collects about you is dependent on how you use the services offered on our website and the products you are interested in purchasing through SEEK Business.

Generally, SEEK Business does not collect 'sensitive information' about you. Sensitive information includes (but is not limited to) information about your race or ethnic origin, your religion and your sexual preferences. SEEK Business will only collect sensitive information about you in the event that it is necessary for the purpose of providing you with a product or service. In such circumstances, SEEK Business will only collect sensitive information with your consent unless we are required by law to collect such information from you.

Collection of aggregate data  
SEEK Business also collects non-personal information in aggregate form to track data such as the total number of visits to our website, the number of visits to specific areas of our website and the domain names of our website visitors' internet service providers.

We use this information, which remains in aggregate form, to understand how our website visitors use our website so that we can constantly improve and enhance our services. We may also share this information with our partners for the purpose of providing you with optimal services.

Like many website operators, SEEK Business uses the independent company Nielsen//NetRatings to measure and analyse the internet usage across our websites. We use 3rd party services to collect the following types of information:

  * page views, visits, searches and enquiries that occur on our website;
  * how long visitors (on average) spend on our websites,
  * which search criteria they use
  * common entry, exit points and paths they take.



Your Internet Provider (" **IP** ") address

SEEK Business's web servers provide us with your IP address. This assists us in the diagnosis of problems and or support issues with our services.

Cookies

 SEEK Business uses 'cookies' to provide you with a better, and more relevant, browsing experience. Cookies are able to ‘remember’ your search parameters, and recently viewed ads or profiles, and are also able to collect anonymous browsing data. Based on this data collection, SEEK Business can tailor ads that appear to your browsing preferences.  Cookies DO NOT collect any of your Personal Information (as that term is defined in the Privacy Act (1988) Cth)).  If you would prefer that cookies were not active whilst you browse the SEEK Business site, you are able to disable cookies via your computer's web browser settings. To opt out of our online advertising, follow the instructions on [this page](https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy-policy/ads/).

 **3\. How do we collect information?**

SEEK Business may collect personal information about you when you visit our website and you elect to use our on-line services, when you register as a SEEK Business Registered User, when you enter into a contract with SEEK Business and, when you deal with SEEK Business over the telephone or correspond with SEEK Business via facsimile, letter or email or any other mode of communication.

SEEK Business may also collect personal information about you from our training providers and other third party service providers.

 **4\. How do we use your personal information?**

SEEK Business may use your personal information for one or more of the following purposes:

·         to communicate with you, including via email newsletters

·         to facilitate and process contracts between you and SEEK Business and/or third parties

·         to identify the number of people using SEEK Business's website services and establish the nature of their interests

·         to facilitate SEEK Business registration

·         to conduct SEEK Business marketing activities

·         to provide you with information about SEEK Business and its services and products

 **5\. Disclosure of personal information to third parties**

SEEK Business may disclose your personal information to our advertisers in order to facilitate your expression of interest in a business opportunity.

In some instances, including for example, where you require financial assistance, SEEK Business may collect personal information about you (including financial and credit information) to pass on to SEEK Business's preferred credit suppliers (" **Credit Suppliers** ") for loan and/or credit application purposes. SEEK Business will only pass on this information where you have expressly consented to allow SEEK Business to do so on your behalf.

Credit Suppliers may require a range of additional personal information for loan application purposes which is not specified in this Privacy Statement. You will be sent the Credit Supplier's privacy terms should you require SEEK Business to supply any services or products that may require the provision of services by Credit Suppliers.

SEEK Business may also disclose your personal information to third party contractors who perform services for us including the management and maintenance of our information systems. In some circumstances we may transfer or disclose information to persons and/or businesses outside Australia, including in New Zealand, United States of America and India.

Where your personal information is passed on to third party contractors, SEEK Business takes reasonable steps to ensure that these individuals and/or organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information. Where information is transferred outside of Australia we believe that the recipients of such information are subject to a law binding scheme or contract which effectively upholds principles for fair handling of the information that are similar in all material respects to the Australian Privacy Principles.

Other than as outlined above, SEEK Business will not disclose your personal information without your consent unless disclosure is necessary to prevent a threat to life or health, authorised or required by law, reasonably necessary to enforce the law or necessary to investigate a suspected unlawful activity.

 **6\. Access to and correction of information we hold about you**

Upon your request, SEEK Business will provide you with access to your personal information unless there is an exception which applies under the Australian Privacy Principles. If we deny such access, we will tell you why.

SEEK Business may recover any reasonable costs incurred in providing you access to the requested information. To request access to your personal information, please contact SEEK Business using one of the contact options provided in paragraph 14 of this Privacy Statement.

If you are a SEEK Business Registered User, you can access your registered profile at any time.

 **7\. Keeping information up-to-date**

SEEK Business strives to ensure that the information we hold about you is accurate, complete and up-to-date at all times.

If the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete, or no longer up-to-date, or you wish for your details to be removed from the website, please contact us at [privacy@seekbusiness.com.au](mailto:privacy@seekcommercial.com.au) so that we may take reasonable steps to address this and/or discuss alternative options with you.

**8\. Storage and security of your personal informaiton**

SEEK Business takes reasonable steps to protect the security of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.

SEEK Business regularly reviews and implements new security and encryption technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure.

Whilst SEEK Business strives to protect such information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or obtain from our online products or services. Accordingly, use of our products or services is at your own risk.

Once any personal information comes into our possession, we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.

 

 **9\. Links to other websites**

The SEEK Business website contains links to other websites. Please note that these links are intended for your convenience only.

Links to third party websites do not constitute endorsement, sponsorship or approval by SEEK Business of the content, policies or practices of those third party websites.

If you have any concerns regarding your privacy when visiting a linked third party, you should ensure that you check the privacy statement/policies of those websites.

 **10.  Destruction of your personal informaiton**

SEEK Business will take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify any personal information about you once the information is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected or as authorized or required by law.

 **11\. Changes to SEEK Business's Privacy Statement**

From time to time, SEEK Business may make changes to this Privacy Statement. Accordingly, we encourage you to periodically review this statement to remain informed about how we collect and protect your personal information.

Your continued use of the SEEK Business website constitutes your acceptance of the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information to the extent outlined in this Privacy Statement as amended from time to time.

SEEK Business welcomes ideas and feedback about all aspects of the SEEK Business website. SEEK Business stores feedback that users send to us. This feedback may be used to administer and refine the services we provide and may be shared with SEEK Business partners either in aggregate form or with specific identifying characteristics removed.

If you have any complaints about our dealings with your personal information including any breaches by us of any Australian Privacy Principles or any questions regarding this Privacy Statement you are able to submit that complaint or query by contacting us at [privacy@ seekbusiness.com.au](mailto:privacy@seekcommercial.com.au) or by telephone or post using the methods detailed in the “Contact Us” paragraph below.

Any complaints received by us will be referred for prompt investigation by our compliance team and a written response will be provided to you as soon as possible.

**13\. Privacy and Site changes**

From time to time, SEEK Business may review and update its Privacy Statement. Revised versions will be updated on this Site.   
 **14\. Contact us:**

If you have any feedback or questions about this Statement, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with SEEK Business, you can contact us in teh following ways:

Email:

| 

[privacy@seekbusiness.com.au](maito:privacy@seekcommercial.com.au "Privacy email")  
  
---|---  
  
Telephone:

| 

+61 13 7335  
  
Post:

| 

SEEK Business  
Melbourne (Head Office)  
Level 6, 541 St Kilda Rd,  
Melbourne, VIC 3004  
  
**15\. Provision of Copy of Privacy Statements**

If you require a hard copy of this Privacy Statement or a copy in some other format to suit your particular needs please contact us using any of the methods detailed in paragraph 14 above, and we will arrange for a suitable copy to be provided to you. 
