> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the seevolution.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190517093827id_/https%3A//www.seevolution.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY

This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") describes how SeeVolution Inc. ("SeeVolution", "We" or "Us") collects and uses your data on our websites, including luckyorange.com (collectively, the “Site”), along with how our customers may collect and use your data on websites where various SeeVolution services may be deployed (collectively, the "Service"). By visiting the Site and using the Service, you consent to our use and processing of your information as set forth herein.  
THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS SEEVOLUTION’S TREATMENT OF PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT SEEVOLUTION’S  GATHERS WHEN YOU USE THE SERVICE OR VISIT THE SITE. THIS POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO WEBSITES OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY CUSTOMERS OF SeeVolution WHO MAY IMPLEMENT AND UTILIZE SEEVOLUTION’S  PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE AND OR SERVICES. YOUR USE OF SUCH THIRD PARTY SITES IS SUBJECT EXCLUSIVELY TO THE TERMS PROVIDED THEREBY, IF ANY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO HOW SUCH THIRD PARTIES MONITOR AND USE YOUR INFORMATION. FOR THE PURPOSE OF CLARITY, YOU ARE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF SERVICE AND PRIVACY POLICIES OF THIRD PARTY SITES WHICH SeeVolution DOES NOT OWN OR CONTROL WHEN YOU LEAVE THIS SITE AND OR CEASE USING SEEVOLUTION’S  SERVICE(S). If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy or its enforcement, please contact Us at [[support@seevolution.com](mailto:support@seevolution.com).](https://seevolution.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#66151316160914122615030310090a13120f09084805090b48)

NOTICE - INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE  
Users of Websites on which the Service is Implemented.  
When you visit a website on which the Service is implemented (“Customer Website”), that third party site may collect information regarding your use of the Customer Website, such as your IP address, browser type, and personally identifiable information. We strongly advise you to review the terms of any third party Customer Website to determine what information may be collected, utilized and or shared.  
Users of Our Service.

We collect and store information that users of Our Service (“Customers”) submit to Us, such as their names and e-mail addresses, to allow Us to identify Customers, provide the Service and notify Customers of changes or updates to the Service. When Customers provide us with their e-mail addresses, they automatically opt-in to receive e-mails from Us (including marketing e-mails). If a Customer would like to opt-out of these marketing e-mails, it can change its settings through its account page. If a Customer elects to provide it, We also collect and store the Customer’s name and phone number, which We use to assist Us in providing the Service. We also collect other information from Customers, such as IP address and browser type. We use the IP addresses of Customers to assist in login and other uses related to Customers’ use of the Service. Customers’ sessions on Our Site are also tracked for systems administration purposes and to track user trends. We may link IP address and other information to a Customer's account.  
Traffic Data. As part of the Service, We collect information relating to traffic on the Customer Websites (“Traffic Data”) on which Customers choose to activate the Service. In connection with the collection of this Traffic Data, SeeVolution customers may choose to collect any personally identifiable information from users of Customer Websites. SeeVolution is not and shall not be liable for any collection or use of personally identifiable information of end users of a Customer Website due to a Customer’s placement of the SeeVolution code on the Customer website not in accordance with SeeVolution’s instructions or the documentation.

Header Information. We collect and use browser header information to help Us understand from which websites a user navigates to a Customer Website.  
Cookies. Like many other websites, We use a standard technology called “cookies.” Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive. They can help make the Internet experience quicker and more convenient. Cookies allow Customers to login without entering their user ID and password each time they use the Service. We also use cookies on Customer Websites; these cookies help Us understand how users interact with those Customer Websites. Cookies also allow Us to improve the Service. Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. If you disable cookies, you will not be able to use the Service. We may also use cookies in connection with third party services to run analytics on Our Site; these cookies do not collect or use any personal information about users of Our Site or Service. If users of Customer websites or Customers do not allow the placement of the SeeVolution cookies certain data points may not be accurately reported.  
DATA INTEGRITY - HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION

We generally use the information We collect from end users of our Site, Customers of our Service, and end users of our Customer Websites to create a secure and personalized Service.

IP Addresses. We gather this information for systems administration purposes, abuse prevention and to track user trends. If you are an end user of a Customer Website, we may also use your IP address to identify the general geographic area from which you are accessing the Customer Website. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information.

Header Information. Header information is used to determine which websites originated traffic into Customer Websites implementing the Service.

Traffic Data. Traffic Data is used to provide Customers with real-time analytics and uptime monitoring. We may aggregate and anonymize Traffic Data with that from other sites to provide benchmarking data and other functionality, but SeeVolution will not use or disclose aggregated Traffic Data in a manner that reveals the identity of a Customer or Customer Website without the Customer’s express prior consent.

User ID and Password Information. We collect Customers’ user ID and password information to enable them to log into and use the Service.

Customer E-Mail Addresses. Customers are automatically opted-in to receive marketing emails from us when they register for the Service. Customers can opt-out of such emails by adjusting their account settings, provided that we may still send Customers e-mails relating to their accounts.

Customer Names and Phone Numbers. We collect Customers’ names and phone numbers, which allow Us to contact them in account recovery and other scenarios.  
ONWARD TRANSFER - DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES.

Personal Information. Except as expressly provided otherwise herein, we will not sell, lease or exchange the personal information of our Customers or any end user (to the extent that we obtain such information) to third parties without first obtaining their express consent, unless required by law or to protect their status as a Customer. To the extent We do disclose your personal information to a third party to protect your status as a Customer, We will notify you in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  
Traffic Data. We may aggregate and anonymize Customers’ Traffic Data with that from other Customers to provide benchmarking data and other functionality, but we will not disclose aggregated Traffic Data in a manner that reveals the identity of a Customer without the Customer’s express prior consent.

Agents. We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products and services. Examples include billing, technical assistance, and customer service. Our agents subscribe to the same level of privacy protection as we do. Unless we tell you differently, SeeVolution agents do not have any right to use the personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.  
Business Transfers. In some cases, SeeVolution may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if SeeVolution, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, user information would be one of the assets that is reviewed and transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of SeeVolution may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.

CHOICE    
Your Authorization Required. We will not use or share your personal information other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as you have explicitly authorized, without obtaining your consent. If at any time We would like to disclose your personal information to a third party in a manner not described above, We will provide you with an affirmative or explicit (opt in) choice. Personal information will not be used to directly market the Service unless that possible use of the information has been disclosed to you and you have authorized us to permit such disclosure.  
Email Opt-Out. As noted above, Customers may choose not to receive marketing emails from Us and can opt out of such e-mails through their account settings.

ACCESS.    
Accessing Personal Information. Customers may access their personally identifiable information stored by SeeVolution. We will allow Customers to correct, amend or delete their personal information that We retain to the extent it is inaccurate, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the privacy of the Customer in question, or where the rights of others would be violated. Note that We do not retain IP addresses, browser information or header information of non-Customer users for more than a temporary period of time in order to provide the Service, and as such, that information cannot be accessed or modified.  Customers who discontinue use of the Service may choose to have their personal information deleted from the Service by contacting [SUPPORT@SEEVOLUTION.COM](mailto:SUPPORT@SEEVOLUTION.COM)

LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES.  Our Site may contain links to third party websites. Please be aware that We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites you choose to visit. If you provide any information directly to parties other than Us, different rules may apply to the use or disclosure of that information. We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing your personal information to third parties.

CUSTOMER WEBSITES.  Customer Websites are not under SeeVolution’s control and SeeVolution is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites. You should review the privacy policy posted on any other website to understand how that third party collects and uses your personally identifiable information. Your use of such third party websites is governed by the practices set forth in the terms of use and or privacy policies thereof.

THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS.  We may choose to deploy advertising on the Site and Service that is delivered to users through a third party's advertising server. Information about users' visits to Our Site or use of our Service, such as the number of times a user has viewed an ad (but no personally identifiable information of the user), would be used in such a scenario to serve ads to users of Our Site and Service.

VOLUNTARY PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - e.g., on message boards, in chat areas, in file uploads, through events, etc. - that information becomes public and can be collected and used by others and indexed in search engines. We have no control over, and take no responsibility for, the use, storage or dissemination of such publicly disclosed personal information. By posting personal information online in public forums, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. In the event you are able to log on to our Site or Service through a social networking site (e.g., Facebook or Twitter), we may receive personal or anonymous data about you from that site, in accordance with the terms of use and privacy policy of that site. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via that site.

PRIVACY PROTECTION FOR CHILDREN.  In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), We do not knowingly provide access to the Service to persons under the age of thirteen (13). If We learn that any user of the Service is under the age of thirteen (13), We will take appropriate steps to remove that user's information from our records and We will restrict that individual from future access to the Service.

SECURITY.  We have implemented security measures to protect user information from loss, misuse and alteration. We use industry-standard practices such as encrypted storage, firewalls and password protection systems to safeguard the confidentiality of Customers’ personal information. Each of Our employees and agents is aware of Our security policies, and your information is only available to those employees and agents who need it to perform their jobs.

CONSENT.  This Privacy Policy is a part of Our Terms of Service. By visiting Our Site or using the Service, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms used here and defined in the Terms of Service shall have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Service. Any order forms or additional agreements to which you agree governing the provision of optional SeeVolution features shall take precedence over the terms of this Privacy Policy to the extent of any differences, so please read such order forms or additional agreements carefully. This Privacy Policy only addresses activities on our Site and Service.

NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES. If We change this Privacy Policy and seek to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, you will be notified via e-mail or otherwise in some manner through the Service. In addition, if We make any material changes in Our privacy practices that do not affect personal information already stored by Us, We will post a notice on Our Site notifying users of the change. In some cases where We post such a notice, We will also e-mail users who have opted to receive communications from Us to notify them of the changes in Our privacy practices.

We process user information in Our facilities in the United States. All information subject to this Privacy Policy is collected in the United States, obtained through websites in the United States, or obtained in other countries and transferred to the United States. Regardless where it originated, all user information subject to this Privacy Policy receives the same level of privacy protection as described herein.

Changes to our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

This policy was last modified on 22.5.2017

Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.

[support@seevolution.com](mailto:support@seevolution.com)

28720 Roadside Drive. Suite 198, Agoura Hills, CA 91301
