> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nympho.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111007034530id_/http%3A//nympho.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Nympho.com / Privacy / The newest FREE Adult Mega Site-100% FREE XXX PORN!! ONLY AN E-MAIL ADDRESS REQUIRED!

  
This privacy statement covers the site [Nympho.com](http://www.nympho.com/) Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact our [Privacy Department](mailto:support@nympho.com?subject=Nympho%20Mega%20Site).

 **What This Privacy Policy Covers**  
This policy covers how Nympho.com treats personal information and e-mail addresses that Nympho.com collects and receives. The only personal information we collect is your e-mail address. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Nympho.com does not own or control or to people that Nympho.com does not employ or manage.

 **General**   
Nympho.com only collects and stores your e-mail address when you register for Nympho.com membership access and the Nympho.com blacklist. We do not collect your e-mail address under any other circumstances. Nympho.com automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Nympho.com cookie information, and the page you request.   
• Except in emergencies dealing with fraud, we do not connect this general internet traffic data with your specific e-mail address. Nympho.com uses information for the following general purposes:   
• Your e-mail address is used to contact you on a transactional basis. More specifically, we will send you an e-mail when you sign up for your membership, choose to cancel it, or request that your password be sent to you in case you have forgotten it.   
• Your e-mail address is used to send you our newsletter featuring website updates. Nympho.com does not rent, sell, or share your personal information or e-mail address with any third-parties. The only persons with access to your e-mail address are trusted high-level Nympho.com employees.  
•We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information or email address as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.  
•We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Nympho.com's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.  
•We transfer information about you if Nympho.com is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Nympho.com will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.  
This privacy statement covers the website Nympho.com and all pages on its domain name. When you click a link or otherwise leave this domain, our privacy policy will no longer apply. Our website may participate in co-branding agreements which use the Nympho.com brand name, domain name, or the general "look and feel" of our site to work with another company. In these cases, your personally identifiable information will NOT be shared with our co-branding partners. Our privacy policy will not be applicable in such cases; however, we will require that our partners post their own company name and privacy policy on any co-branded site.

**Cookies**  
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We may use cookies on this site but we do NOT link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. We use only session ID cookies which make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser. We do NOT use persistent cookies which remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but you may have to re-enter your username and password more often and you may experience some other unexpected browsing inconveniences. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Nympho.com's cookies. **Your Ability to Access, Edit and Delete Your Personal Information and E-mail Address**  
As part of your membership, you are required to keep a current e-mail address on file with Nympho.com where we may send you transaction-based e-mails as well as our newsletter. If at any time you wish to unsubscribe from receiving our e-mails, you must delete your account with Nympho.com by emailing [support@nympho.com](mailto:support@nympho.com), you will receive one final e-mail confirmation that your account has been deleted and you will never be contacted again for any reason. If you have any further questions about your personally identifiable information or email address changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may contact us by e-mail at [support@nympho.com](mailto:support@nympho.com). **Confidentiality and Security**   
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information and e-mail addresses submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information and e-mail address, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We limit access to your personal information and e-mail address to employees whom we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information.

**Minors**  
Nympho.com is an adult site and access to persons under the age of 18 is strictly prohibited. Nympho.com has no intention of collecting any personally-identifiable information from individuals under eighteen years of age. Nympho.com specifically instructs minors not to submit such information on our website. If a minor has provided us with personally-identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that minor should contact us using the contact form listed on these pages and we will remove this information from our existing files.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
Nympho.com may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information or e-mail addresses by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Nympho.com account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.

**Changes in E-Mail Practices**   
If we decide to make changes in our email practices, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If we make material changes to the way we use your email address, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
