> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lyoness.net privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120522235317id_/http%3A//www.lyoness.net/us/datenschutzerklaerung.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## What Information We Collect and Why

At Lyoness.net/US (our “Site”) Lyoness America, Inc. and its affiliates (“Lyoness” or “we”) aim to provide our members with the most current shopping information and keep them informed of the best deals on relevant products, in order to maximize their “Cashback” rewards. The primary way we accomplish these goals is by utilizing the power of our consumer membership base to gain access to special deals and promotions and to negotiate sales commissions from well-known national retailers, as well as specialty boutiques (our “Loyalty Merchants”). We then share this commission with you, as a Lyoness member, in the form of cash or equivalent rewards. Consequently, when you first register with Lyoness, we ask you to provide your name, email address and mobile phone number so we can notify you of your Cashback rewards. Lyoness.net/US may also collect certain information online deriving from your navigation of our Site and our Loyalty Merchants. We collect this information to ensure that you receive your Cashback rewards and to better understand what type of stores and specials to pursue. Once logged into the Lyoness portal, if you visit one of our Loyalty Merchants to make a purchase, the transaction is reported by the merchant directly to Lyoness. This notification occurs to help ensure that your Cashback rewards are properly credited to your account. No individual payment information is received by our Site.

Lyoness.net/US uses cookie technology to provide general information on site traffic trends such as most frequently visited pages or Loyalty Merchants. This information is captured on an aggregate basis, is not specific to individual users and enables us to continually improve our Site content and navigation. We also use cookie technology for login and navigation between the various components of our Site.  
On occasion, we offer our users third-party company offers and promotions via our Site. Please note that we may also retain any personal information that you provide on our Site to take advantage of such third-party offers. 

## How We Ensure the Security of Your Information

Lyoness.net/US has security measures in place to protect the information within our control from loss, misuse or alteration. We have appropriate industry standard procedures in place to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, such as firewall and Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. However, no data transmitted over the Internet can be 100% secure. Consequently, while we make every effort to protect your personal information, any information that you provide to Lyoness.net/US or its Loyalty Merchants is transmitted at your own risk.

## With Whom We Share Your Information

Our primary use of your personal information is to process your Cashback reward checks and to maintain your Member account. Your browser activity may be used to trigger personalized shopping alerts as our Site evolves to include this feature. Lyoness may also store and use your personal information for our own internal mailing and database purposes. The composite tracking information generated by cookies, as outlined above, may be shared with third-parties for the purpose of documenting site activity and other trends. In the course of our day-to-day business, we may employ outside companies and individuals to perform functions for us, such as removing duplicate information from customer lists or providing database analysis. These vendors have access to the personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. All emails distributed by Lyoness have simple opt-out mechanisms should you decide you do not want to receive these offers from us.

## Your privacy as related to our Loyalty Merchants

In order to grant your Cashback rebate, our Loyalty Merchants pass back to us the amount of your order as well as your unique Member ID. With these two pieces of information, we are able to make sure the right rebate goes to the right person. Our Site contains links to our Loyalty Merchants. Each of these stores maintains its own privacy statement and we encourage you to read these individual policies. We can neither enforce nor monitor the Privacy Policies of Loyalty Merchants. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Lyoness on our Site. Lyoness does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third-party Web sites including all framed sites. Moreover, Lyoness disclaims all responsibility for the subsequent use of an email address or any other personally identifiable information you have provided to Loyalty Merchants.

## How you can change, correct and update your information

As a Lyoness Member, you can change the information we have on file for you at any time, simply by logging in and making your desired changes. Upon enrollment, Lyoness Members are opted-in to receive Lyoness Cashback newsletters and special email promotions. Lyoness announces its latest deals and special offers in these emails, sometimes before they are posted on our Site. On every one of these emails you are given the choice to unsubscribe from the mailing. You may also login to our Site and change your email preferences. For your security, you will be prompted to login before updating any account information. Please allow up to 7 days to process your email request or account changes. You may receive several additional emails from us while we are processing your unsubscribe request. 

## Miscellaneous

As Lyoness changes and grows, we might sell or buy companies, subsidiaries, or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the event that Lyoness or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your member information may be one of the transferred assets. By enrolling in the Lyoness Loyalty Program, you agree that you have read, understand and agree with our Privacy Policy, and the Membership Agreement, in its entirety and consent to be bound by all said Terms and Conditions. You further acknowledge the right of Lyoness to change this policy, without prior notification, and our commitment to post any such changes on this page so that you are fully informed. We encourage our members to check back from time to time to view the most recent version of this Policy. 

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact our Privacy Policy Officer by email office@lyoness.us, fax: 646-537-1728 or mail to:  
Lyoness America  
350 5th Ave., Suite 2710  
New York, NY 10118 _  
_
