> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rodanandfields.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160314153435id_/https%3A//www.rodanandfields.com/Pages/Company/About/More/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Rodan + Fields

_PRIVACY POLICY_

_Last Updated: 05/2014_

Rodan & Fields, LLC, including all its subsidiaries and affiliates, (“Rodan + Fields,” “we,” “our,” and “us”) is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose Personally Identifiable Information (as defined below) about you that you provide us on or through the Rodan + Fields online website (or any of our international websites or applications) and any products, services software, tools, applications, features or functionality offered on or through the website (including any Rodan + Fields Independent Consultant personal web pages provided through the website), (the “Site”). We may add additional Sites from time to time as we expand our offerings and this Privacy Policy will govern those new Sites when added.  You may be accessing our Site from a computer or mobile phone device (through an iPhone or iPad application, for example) and this Privacy Policy governs your use of our Site regardless of the means of access. We also like to interact with you on third party sites where we post content or invite your feedback, including sites such as [www.facebook.com](http://www.facebook.com/rodanandfields), [www.twitter.com](http://www.twitter.com/), www.pinterest.com and [www.youtube.com](http://www.youtube.com/user/RodanFields) (“Third Party Sites”). This Privacy Policy covers all collection, use and disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information, whether through the Site or otherwise.

By using the Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our [**Terms and Conditions**](https://www.rodanandfields.com/Pages/Company/About/More/Terms) **.  **If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our [**Terms and Conditions**](https://www.rodanandfields.com/Pages/Company/About/More/Terms), please do not use the Site.

**1.** **Collection of Information by Rodan + Fields**   
Rodan + Fields collects two basic types of information through the Site:  "Personally Identifiable Information" ("PII") and "Non-Personally Identifiable Information" ("Non-PII"). Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies you as an individual. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is aggregated information, demographic information, IP addresses and any other information that does not reveal your specific identity.

**a.** **Personally Identifiable Information**  
You do not have to provide PII to use the Site. However, to take advantage of particular opportunities provided through the Site (for example, to sign up for newsletters) or to place orders for Rodan + Fields products, we may require that you furnish PII. We collect PII from you through the Site only when you voluntarily provide it to us. For example, if you decide to complete a user registration form, complete an online survey or make a purchase, you may be asked to provide certain information such as your contact information (name, email address, mailing address, and telephone number).  If you decide to place an order, we will also need to know your delivery and billing address, credit card number and expiration date. To protect PII, users registering at the Site must also enter a user name/email address and password. By making a purchase, you become a registered user of rodandfields.com.  Once you are a registered user, information needed to make a purchase is stored in your account - such as your credit card number, shipping and billing addresses.  If you change your mind about storing this information, you can email Sales Support at [**salessupport@rodanandfields.com**](mailto:salessupport@rodanandfields.com) to amend or delete this information. If you would prefer that we not collect any PII from you, please do not provide us with any such information.

When you submit PII on the Site, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of PII about you as set forth in this Privacy Policy.   Please note that if you choose to share information about yourself in an open format, such as through a Third Party Site like Facebook or Twitter, we may consider certain of that information to be public information – and not personal information.

**b.** **Non-Personally Identifiable Information** ****  
When you visit and interact with the Site, Rodan + Fields and third parties with whom Rodan + Fields has contracted to provide services to it may collect Non-PII (for example, a catalog of the Site pages you visit). Non-PII is generally collected through the Site from five different sources:  (i) server log files; (ii) environmental variables; (iii) cookies; (iv) pixel tags and other similar technologies; and (v) information that you voluntarily provide.

i. **Server Log Files.** Your Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the Site, along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) that you visited. We use your IP address, and the IP addresses of all users, for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels, helping diagnose problems with the Site's servers, administering the Site, analyzing trends, administering the Site, tracking traffic patterns, and gathering demographic information for aggregate use. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many websites.  If you access a Rodan + Fields website or application via a mobile device such as a smartphone, the collected information may also include your phone’s unique device ID, location, and other similar mobile device data.

ii. **Environmental Variables.** We and our service providers may also collect certain environmental variables, such as your MAC address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, OS version, Internet browser, and Internet browser version. These environmental variables are collected by most browsers, and can be used to optimize your experience on the Site.

iii.    **Cookies and IP Addresses.** We and our service providers may use “cookies” on the Site. Cookies are data that a web server transfers to an individual's computer for recordkeeping purposes. Cookies are an industry standard used by most websites, and can facilitate users' ongoing access to and use of a particular website; cookies do not cause damage to your computer systems or files. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer of a particular cookie, or cookies from a particular website, to your computer.  We are continuously working to make your experience on our Site better. To this end, we generally use Google Analytics (or other similar web analytics tool) to assist us in better understanding your use of our Site. Such web analytics tool may place cookies on your computer to collect information on our behalf that will show us how you come to our site and how you use and navigate our Site.  Some of our other business partners and service providers may also use cookies on the Site. However, we have no access to, or control over, these cookies and do not accept any responsibility for such use.

iv. **Pixel Tags.** We and our service providers may also use so-called "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs" or similar means (collectively, "Pixel Tags") in connection with some Site pages and HTML-formatted e-mail messages to, among other things, compile aggregate statistics about Site usage and response rates. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel (1x1), that is ordinarily not visible to Site visitors and may be associated with Cookies on the visitors’ hard drives. Pixel Tags allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Site, to deliver branded services, and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. When used in HTML-formatted e-mail messages, Pixel Tags can tell the sender whether and when the e-mail has been opened.

v. **Information That You Voluntarily Provide.** Rodan + Fields also collects Non-PII ( _e.g._ , your interests, your geographic location, age group, gender and product and/or cosmetic concerns, and the brands and products that you use) when you voluntarily provide such information to us. When such information is not combined with any PII, such information is considered to be Non-PII, as it does not personally identify you or any other user. Additionally, we may aggregate PII in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Site, for example, by using PII to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code. Such aggregate information is considered Non-PII for purposes of this Privacy Policy.  Please note that if we combine any Non-PII with PII, the combined information will be treated by us as PII as long as it is so combined.

**2.** **Use of Personally Identifiable Information by Rodan + Fields**

**a.** **Personally Identifiable Information. We may use PII in the following ways:**

i. **Fulfillment of Requests.** Rodan + Fields may use PII about you to for the purposes detailed in this Privacy Policy including to send newsletters to you or fulfill your purchase.

ii. **Administrative Communications.** From time to time we may use PII about you to send to you important information regarding the Site, or changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. If you have elected to provide us with your contact information, e.g., by registering on the Site, emailing our Sales Support department or placing an order, we may provide you with service related announcements concerning the Site or contact you regarding your customer service requests or your order. For example, all registered users will receive a welcome email to confirm their registration. These types of communications are necessary to serve you, respond to your concerns and to provide the high level of customer service that Rodan + Fields offers its customers. Because this information may be important to your use of the Site, you may not opt-out of receiving such communications unless you explicitly withdraw your consent to our use of your PII as outlined in this Privacy Policy.

iii. **Other Communications.** With your consent (express or implied), the PII that you provide may be used by Rodan + Fields to create and deliver to you emails such as our newsletters, surveys or other email messages containing product and event information, cosmetics tips or promotions (“Promotional Emails”). If you prefer not to receive such emails, please see **_Section 10 (Choice/Opt-Out)_** below. You may receive the benefit of hearing from Rodan + Fields via postal mail or phone even if you have opted-out from receiving Promotional Emails, unless you explicitly withdraw your consent to our use of your PII as outlined in this Privacy Policy.

iv. **Purchases.** When you make a purchase through the Site, we may collect your credit card number or other payment account number, billing address and other information related to such purchase (collectively, "Payment Information") from you, and may use such Payment Information in order to fulfill your purchase.

v. **E-mails to Friends.** We may provide functionality to permit you to send messages regarding Site-related content to a friend through the Site. If you wish to use this feature, you may provide us with your friend’s e-mail address so that we can facilitate your sending of such message to your friend.

vi. **Promotions.** We may operate sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions (collectively, "Promotions") through the Site. We typically ask you for certain PII when you enter and, if applicable, win a Promotion. You should carefully review the rules, if any, of each Promotion in which you participate through the Site, as they may contain additional important information about Rodan + Fields’ use of PII about you. To the extent that the terms and conditions of such rules concerning the treatment of PII about you conflict with this Privacy Policy, the terms and conditions of such rules shall control.

vii. **Internal Business Purposes.** We may also use PII about you for our internal business purposes, such as data analysis, audits and so forth.

**b.** **Non-Personally Identifiable Information.** We may use the information that you provide in aggregate (Non-PII) form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans.  We may collect, store or accumulate certain Non-PII concerning your use of the Site, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular.  We may share or transfer Non-PII with or to our Consultants, licensees and partners and we reserve the right to share such Non-PII, which does not personally identify you, with Consultants and other third parties, for any purpose.

**c.** In some instances, we may combine Non-PII with PII (such as embedding e-mail addresses in cookies). If we do combine any Non-PII with PII, the combined information will be treated by us as PII as long as it is so combined (see **Section 2(a)** above).

**3\. Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information**

**a.** **Service Providers**  
We work with third parties who provide services including but not limited to data analysis, order fulfillment and other services of an administrative nature. We may share PII about you with such third parties for the purpose of enabling these third parties to provide services to us.  Such service providers may include customer support specialists, webhosting companies, fulfillment companies (e.g., companies that fill product orders or coordinate mailings), data analysis firms and email service providers. Such third parties may be provided with access to PII needed to perform their functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose.  Our employees and service providers may be located in foreign jurisdictions, and your personal information may be subject to the laws of those foreign jurisdictions and accessible to law enforcement and other authorities.

**b. Communications to Consultants**   
When you submit PII on this Site, the information that you provide may be shared with Consultants if you consent by choosing to be associated with a Consultant. If you choose, we may share your name, phone number, email address and order information with Consultants. Consultants may use this information for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, including to follow up on orders you placed on the Site or contact you with other special offers from Rodan + Fields.

**c. Third-Party Marketing**   
We will not provide PII about you to third parties for their use in marketing third-party products or services to you without your consent.

**d. E-mails to Friends**   
Please note that any PII that you provide in connection with sending messages regarding Site-related content to a friend through the Site, such as your name and your e-mail address, will, of course, be disclosed to your friend.

**e. Promotions**   
We may share the PII that you provide in connection with Promotions with third parties sponsors of such Promotions (irrespective of whether such Promotions are hosted by us), or otherwise in accordance with the rules applicable to such Promotion. You should carefully review the rules, if any, of each Promotion in which you participate through the Site, as they may contain additional important information about a sponsor's or other third parties’ use of PII. To the extent that the terms and conditions of such rules concerning the treatment of PII conflict with this Privacy Policy, the terms and conditions of such rules will control.  
If you elect to participate in any promotions, sweepstakes, surveys, questionnaires or other events during your visit to our Site, the rules or terms and conditions for those events may indicate that PII about you will be shared with third parties. By choosing to participate and submitting PII with respect to such events, you consent to disclosure of PII about you to such third parties. Rodan + Fields is not responsible for and disclaims all liability for any use of the information that you choose to provide to such third parties.

**f.** **Assignment**  
We reserve the right to transfer any and all information that we collect from Site users to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of Rodan + Fields’ business, assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).

  


**g. Law Enforcement; Emergencies; Compliance**   
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Privacy Policy to the contrary, we reserve the right to disclose PII about you to others as we believe to be appropriate: (a) to comply with legal process; (b) to respond to governmental requests; (c) to enforce our Terms and Conditions; (d) to protect our operations; (e) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Rodan + Fields, you or others; and (f) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. We may disclose any information, including PII, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. We may also exchange information, including PII, with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection and risk reduction.

**4\. Children under 13**   
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.  The Site is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that such individuals not provide PII through the Site. If you are under 13 years of age, you may browse our Site; however, you may not provide PII to us. For example, you cannot register or make a purchase.  Our Sites are not designed for children.  We do not wish to collect personal information from children under 13.  This policy is designed to protect children.  Federal law requires us to take special steps to safeguard children’s privacy.  For more information about this federal law and about children’s privacy, [**click here**](http://www.onguardonline.gov/articles/0031-protecting-your-childs-privacy-online). **  **If you register with us and we discover that you are under 13, we will delete such registration.   If you are under 13 and want to make a purchase, please ask a parent or guardian to place the order for you.

**5\. Links**   
The Site may contain links to third-party websites.  These linked sites are not under Rodan + Fields’ control and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any such linked site, or any link contained in any linked site.  We provide such links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site by Rodan + Fields.  If you provide any PII through any such third-party website, your transaction will occur on the third party's website (not the Site) and the PII you provide will be collected by, and controlled by the privacy policy of, that third party.  We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of any third parties.  PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT ADDRESS THE PRIVACY OR INFORMATION PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE CONSULTANTS. 

**6\. Security**   
We realize that our customers trust us to protect their personal information.  We take that task seriously.  We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information.  We implement various security measures and tools, such as firewalls, to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. For example:

  * We use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) authentication to guarantee the confidentiality of online transactions made on our site.  SSL authentication and encryption of the information that you send to us over the Internet help protect your online transaction information form third party interception. 
  * We never display your full credit card number once it is entered.  We will only reveal the last four digits of your credit card for verification purposes.



Data transmission over the Internet or data storage system cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  There is always a risk that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions.  If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account that you might have with us has been compromised), please notify us of the problem by emailing us at [**privacy@rodanandfields.com**](mailto:privacy@rodanandfields.com) **.**

  


**Measures you can take**

It is also important for you to play a role in keeping your information safe and secure.  When signing up for an online account, please be sure to choose an account password that is hard for others to guess and never to reveal it to anyone else.  If you use a shared or public computer, never choose to have your login ID or password remembered and make sure to log out of your account every time you leave the computer.

**7\. Other information**   
The Site is controlled and operated by Rodan + Fields from the United States, and is not intended to subject Rodan + Fields to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States.  Rodan + Fields does not represent or warrant that the Site, or any part thereof, is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction.  Those who choose to access the Site do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. We may limit the Site's availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion. **  **

**8\. Transfer of Information Outside Your Home Country**  
Because Rodan + Fields is headquartered in the United States, we may have a need to transfer information collected from our non-U.S. customers to the U.S.  We may also have a need to transfer our customer information (regardless of where you live) to other countries or places in which we maintain offices or do business.  By using a Rodan + Fields website or application or by otherwise doing business with Rodan + Fields, you are agreeing to allow us to transfer your information outside your home country and to process it inside the United States or elsewhere for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy.

**9.    Updating and Accessing Your Information**   
You have the ability to change and/or correct the PII that you provide us by emailing us at [**privacy@rodanandfields.com**](mailto:privacy@rodanandfields.com). **  **You have the right to ask in writing whether we hold any personal information about you, to see that information, and how we collect, use or disclose your personal information.  We may not be able to provide you with all the information that you request, depending on the circumstances, and there may be a charge for any copy of personal information requested.  You may request that we deactivate your account by emailing us at [**privacy@rodanandfields.com.**](mailto:RFOnlineTech@rodanandfields.com) 

Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed.  We also reserve the right, from time to time, to re-contact former users of the Site unless the former user has explicitly withdrawn consent.  You may withdraw your permission to collect, use and disclose your PII at any time, subject to legal and contractual restrictions and reasonable notice.  However, without your permission we may not be able to provide you with the products or services you have requested. 

**10\. Choice/Opt-Out**   
You may opt-out of receiving future emails from Rodan + Fields when you register at the Site or otherwise provide your contact information to Rodan + Fields. Please note that this opt-out only applies to Rodan + Fields Promotional Emails and does not apply to communications to serve you (described in **Section 2(a)(ii) and 2(a)(iii)** of this Privacy Policy) unless you have explicitly withdrawn consent for us to use your PII, or to other communications which may reference Rodan + Fields, e.g., from a retail store or Consultant.  You may opt-out of receiving Promotional Emails by emailing us at [**optout@rodanandfields.com**](mailto:optout@rodanandfileds.com "mailto:optout@rodanandfileds.com") **.** If you receive a Promotional Email and want to avoid further messages, look at the end of the e-mail for instructions on how to remove yourself from the mailing list. 

We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.  Please note that if you opt-out as described above, we will not be able to remove PII from the databases of Consultants or third parties with which we have already shared PII (i.e., to which we have already provided PII about you as of the date that we implement your opt-out request).  If you wish to cease receiving marketing-related e-mails from such Consultants or third parties, please contact such Consultants or third parties directly or utilize any opt-out mechanisms set forth in their respective privacy policies or marketing-related e-mails.

**11.   Updates to Privacy Policy**  
Rodan + Fields may modify this Privacy Policy.   Please look at the “ _Last Updated”_ legend at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised.   Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Rodan + Fields Online website. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you, we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information.  Use of the Site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy then in effect.

  


**12.        Social Commerce and Other Third Parties**  
We work with trusted third parties, including social network sites like Facebook, and with application and developers who specialize in social commerce so that we can connect to your social networks.  Other social networks we use include Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, Vine and YouTube.  All of these companies operate Third Party Sites.  We provide access to our Site by third parties and business partners so that we can generate interest in our products among members of your social networks and to allow you to share product interests with friends in your network.

The use of any features made available to you on our Site by a third party may result in information being collected or shared about you by us or by the third party.  If you do not want us to be able to access information about you from Third Party Sites, you must instruct Third Party Sites not to share the information.  We cannot control how your data is collected, stored, used or shared by Third Party Sites or to whom it is disclosed.  Please be sure to review the privacy policies and privacy settings on your social networking sites to make sure you understand the information they are sharing.  If you do not want a Third Party Site to share information about you, you must contact that site and determine whether it gives you the opportunity to opt-out of sharing such information.  Rodan + Fields is not responsible for how these third parties may use information collected from or about you.  However, we do identify any areas on our Site where third parties share information about you.

**13**. **Comments/Complaints**  
If you have any questions, comments, concerns or complaints about the Site's privacy practices, please contact us by email at [**privacy@rodanandfields.com**](mailto:privacy@rodanandfields.com) or by [**clicking here**](https://www.rodanandfields.com/Pages/Company/Contact). Please note that e-mail communications will not necessarily be secure; accordingly you should not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your e-mail correspondence with us.
