> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the historyhole.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180822201143id_/http%3A//historyhole.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - History Hole

**Privacy Policy**

**Owner**

Web Value, Inc.

Email: dataprotectionofficer@webvalueinc.com

Updated: May 21, 2018

This Privacy Policy applies to this website located at http://www.historyhole.com (the “Service”), which is owned and operated by Web Value, Inc. (“we”, “us”, or “our”). This Privacy Policy describes what information is collected by us from any user of the Web Site (collectively or individually “user(s),” “yourself,” or “you”), as well as our use and disclosure of that information. We treat your privacy seriously.

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, as it governs your use of the Service. Your use of our Service indicates to us that you have read and accepted our privacy practices, as outlined in this Privacy Policy.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

MINORS UNDER THE AGE OF 18 MUST NOT PROVIDE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION, INCLUDING THEIR EMAIL ADDRESS, TO HISTORY HOLE. IF HISTORY HOLE IS NOTIFIED IT HAS PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT A MINOR UNDER THE AGE OF 18, THAT INFORMATION WILL BE PROMPTLY DELETED FROM OUR DATABASE.

**Definitions**

**Service**

Service is the http://www.historyhole.com website and platform operated by History Hole.

**Personal Data**

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

**Usage Data**

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**Cookies**

Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

**Data Controller**

Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.

**Data Processors (or Service Providers)**

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.

We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

**Data Subject (or User)**

Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.

**Information Collection and Use**

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you (subject to your consent when required by applicable laws).

**Types of Data Collected**

**_Personal Data_**

While using our Service, we may collect certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information we collect includes:

  * IP Address
  * Cookies
  * Usage Data



* and other similar information.

**_Browser, Network, and Device Information_**

We also collect information when you use our Services relating to your web site browser, network, device, and other similar information. This information is collected to ensure you have a consistent experience when using our Services, to ensure our content is displayed properly, and to improve the overall quality of our Services. If we serve ads, this information is also used to ensure advertisements are properly displayed to you. Personal information collected related to your browser, network, and device information, includes:

  * Device ID  
• Operating System  
• Browser Type  
• Network Type  
* and other similar information



**_Usage Data_**

We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

**_Tracking Cookies Data_**

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

  * **Session Cookies.** We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
  * **Preference Cookies.** We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
  * **Advertising Cookies.** Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.



**Use of Data**

History Hole uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain our Service
  * To notify you about changes to our Service
  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
  * To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
  * To monitor the usage of our Service
  * To detect and prevent fraud
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues



**Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)**

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), History Hole’ legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

History Hole may process your Personal Data because:

  * We need to perform a contract with you
  * You have given us permission to do so
  * The processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rights
  * For payment processing purposes
  * To comply with the law



**Retention of Data**

History Hole will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

History Hole will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

**Transfer of Data**

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

History Hole will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

**Disclosure of Data**

**Generally**

We share your personal information as necessary to provide our Services, and for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may also share your personal information, including usage data, and other information we have collected about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy, with third parties to allow third parties to deliver advertising, marketing, or other content through the Services for commercial purposes.

**Business Transaction**

If History Hole is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

**Disclosure for Law Enforcement**

Under certain circumstances, History Hole may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law, or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

**Legal Requirements**

History Hole may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

  * To comply with a legal obligation
  * To protect and defend the rights or property of History Hole
  * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service (e.g. to prevent or investigate fraud)
  * To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
  * To protect against legal liability



**Security of Data**

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**“Do Not Track” Signals**

We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.

You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

**Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)**

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. History Hole aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

**The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.** Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data by contacting us at [dataprotectionofficer@webvalueinc.com](mailto:dataprotectionofficer@advertise.com).

**The right of rectification.** You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.

**The right to object.** You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.

**The right of restriction.** You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.

**The right to data portability.** You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.

**The right to withdraw consent.** You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where History Hole relied on your consent to process your personal information.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

**Service Providers**

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

**Analytics**

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

**Google Analytics**

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>

**Links to Other Sites**

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

**Your California Privacy Rights**

In California, you are entitled to ask us for information identifying the categories of personal information we share with any third parties for marketing purposes, if any, as provided for in California Civil Code sections 1798.83 and 1798.84. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this information, please submit a written request to the following: dataprotectionofficer@webvalueinc.com.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

**Owner**

Web Value, Inc.

15445 Ventura Blvd., #318

Sherman Oaks, CA 91403

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or have any requests regarding Personal Data we may have collected about you, please contact us at the following email address:

Email: [**dataprotectionofficer@webvalueinc.com**](mailto:dataprotectionofficer@advertise.com)

We will respond to reasonable requests for access, revision, or deletion requests to the extent required or permitted by law. Please note, if your request for access or revisions is too burdensome, creates an excessive expense upon Advertise.com, or violates the rights of other individuals, Advertise.com will weigh the risks to your individual privacy and act accordingly.
