> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the urjakart.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141123221907id_/http%3A//www.urjakart.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

All the information provided to us by you, including sensitive personal information, is voluntary. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, in accordance with the terms of the privacy policy, but please note that withdrawal of consent will not be retroactive.

You can access, modify, correct and eliminate the data about you which has been collected pursuant to your decision to become a user of the Website. If you update any information relating to you, we may keep a copy of the information which you originally provided to us in its archives.

Due to the communications standards on the Internet, when you visit the Website, we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave. We also receive the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer (or the proxy server you used to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using, email patterns, as well as the name of your internet service provider (ISP). This information is used to analyse overall trends to help us improve our service.

The Website uses temporary cookies to store certain data (that is not sensitive personal data or information) that is used by us and our service providers for the technical administration of the Website, research and development, and for administration. In the course of serving advertisements or optimizing services to you, we may allow authorized third parties to place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. We do not store personally identifiable information in the cookies.

We may keep records of telephone calls received and made for making inquiries, orders or other purposes for the purpose of administration of services, research and development, quality management services and for proper administration.

We allow other companies, to serve advertisements to you. These companies include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms. We may "target" some ads to you that fit a certain general profile. We do NOT use personally identifiable information to target ads.

We assume no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect your equipment on account of you access to, use of, or browsing the Website or the downloading of any material, data, text, images, video content, or audio content from the Website. If you are dissatisfied with the Website, your sole remedy is to discontinue using the Website.

This privacy policy applies to websites and services that are operated and managed by us. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results or links from within its services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, for which we are not responsible or liable. Accordingly, we do not make any representations concerning the privacy practices or policies of such third parties or terms of use of such websites, nor do we guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information, data, text, software, sound, photographs, graphics, videos, messages or other materials available on such websites. The inclusion or exclusion does not imply any endorsement by us of the website, the website's provider, or the information on the website. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of that website.

The Website may enable you to communicate with other users or to post information to be accessed by others, whereupon other users may collect such data. We hereby expressly disclaim any liability for any misuse of such information that is made available by visitors in such a manner.

We value the privacy of information pertaining to our associates. The linkage between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is not shared with third-parties without your permission or except when required by law. Notwithstanding the above, we may share some of the aggregate findings and details with advertisers, sponsors, investors, strategic partners, and others in order to help grow our business without obtaining any approval from you. We will enable you to communicate your privacy concerns to us and that we will respond to them appropriately. We do not disclose any personal information to advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes that could be used to personally identify you, such as your password, credit card number and bank account number.
