> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kvaser.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121229124509id_/http%3A//www.kvaser.com/en/kvaser/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# kvaser.com - Privacy Statement

We respect your right to privacy. We will never sell your name to a third party without your express consent.

Because we feel your privacy is so important, we are providing this page to describe when and how we collect and use your information.

* * *

## Collection of Personal Information

### Software Downloads

On our website, we ask for personal information from those who download our software. You are not required to provide personal information.

### Newsletter subscription

If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will (for natural reasons) store your name and email address.

### Order Placement

When you place an order online with us, we collect information about you, including your name, company, address and credit card information. This information is necessary in order for us to process and complete your order. We use [AssureBuy](http://www.assurebuy.com/) to handle the credit card transactions. All sensitive data are sent to their servers using strong encryption.

* * *

## Anonymous Information Collection

### Website and FTP site visits

Kvaser collects general usage information about visitors coming to our Web and FTP sites. This means we collect and analyze the standard log files generated by the web and ftp server software. The information in these log files can not be used to identify you as an individual.

### About Cookies

Sometimes our web server collect general information with the help of cookies. A cookie is a small file that a Website writes to your hard drive when you visit that site. Cookies cannot read information from your hard drive or read information from other cookies. 

We use cookies to keep track of the pages you visit on our web site. This is used to ensure correct navigation if you enter our web site from, for example, a search machine such as Google. These cookies are so-called session cookies, which means they are not stored on your hard disk and they disappear when you close your browser.

We also use cookies when you download software from us. This is to keep track of your name and email address so you don't have to fill in the form again next time you download software from us. These cookies are persistent, that is, they are saved on your hard disk.  If you turn off cookies in your web browser, you will still be able to access and browse our web and ftp sites.

* * *

## Use of Personal Information

Kvaser may use personal information that it has collected to:

  * Provide you with notices of new information that may be of use or interest to you. This may include newsletters, tutorials, website update notices, or notification on the availability of new products, product updates, maintenance releases, and beta versions of products. When you download software from our web server, you have the possibility to opt-out from such notifications.
  * Help us analyze general traffic patterns throughout our site.



* * *

## About Google Analytics

This site uses Google Analytics.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google").  Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
