> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tgcomics.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150317121939id_/https%3A//tgcomics.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TG Comics (and Stories)

Our Commitment to Your Privacy

TGComics.com values your privacy and regards discretion as it relates to our members and visitors with the utmost importance. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to inform you about what type of information we collect and what we do with that information. 

This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") applies to the website TGComics.com and its membership-based service within the same domain name. We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, and we will post any new policy or policy updates here. By using or navigating any portion of the Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by this Policy or any modified Policy as posted. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use or visit this Site. 

What will it say on my credit card statement?

The charge on your credit card statement will appear as JBH Net. If you use our credit card processors Verotel or CCBill, the charge will instead have their name(s) on your credit card statement.

What information do we collect? 

We collect your email address only for site registration and access purposes so that you can access the various free galleries on the Site, including access to any Premium items that you may have purchased. 

We **DO NOT** collect any other personal identifiable information about you when you visit and use our Site. Personal identifiable information for purchase purposes (such as your name, address, and credit card data) may be collected and retained by third party billing services when you make a purchase at the Site. 

We collect IP addresses solely for security reasons. 

We collect your email address when you voluntarily register to become a member and access the free galleries and the forum on the Site. 

What do we do with the information we collect? 

Our billing providers use your email address to fulfill any purchase you make. Your email is also necessary to communicate with you regarding site functionality such as forum alerts, password resets and other business related purposes that may concern you. 

We use general information that would not identify you by name or other personally specific data, collected, such as information about your Web browser, country of IP address origin, and computer operating system, to evaluate and improve our services. 

Personal information collected on the Site is stored and processed in the United States and by using the Site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country if you live beyond the borders of the United States.

Do we share the information we collect with third parties? 

The only information we collect that gets shared with any third party service providers is to manage certain aspects of the services we provide, such as fulfilling orders for Premium products you purchase through the Site. 

We may also disclose your information in special cases if required to do so by law, court order or other governmental authority or when we believe in good faith that disclosing this information is otherwise necessary or advisable, including, for instance, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with the rights or property of TGComics.com, another user or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. 

We do not sell, or otherwise provide, your email address to third parties ever! 

Do we use cookies? 

Yes. Cookies are pieces of information generated by web servers and stored in your computer for future access. The Site uses cookie technology to enhance your online experience by making it easier for you to navigate through our Site or make a feature work better. Generally, cookies can be disabled in your web browser, but you must accept cookies in order to navigate the Site; register as a member, experience a logged-in membership experience or purchase Premium products from our online store. 

Do we use web beacons? 

No.

Is the Site secure? 

We are committed to maintaining the security of your information and have measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. 

Although TGComics.com does its utmost to keep the Site secure, we do not accept liability should the information contained on our secure databases or the information you enter on our Site become maliciously or otherwise intercepted, stolen, or misused in a manner that causes you personal harm or financial loss. You use the site at your own risk, as is the case throughout the internet. 

Does this Policy apply to linked sites other than the Sites? 

No. The Site contains links to other Internet websites, resources, and sources of information. By clicking on any link to a third-party website, you will be redirected off this Site to that third party websites, and TGComics.com is not responsible for the privacy policies of such sites. You should make sure that you read and understand the privacy policies of these third-party sites and direct any concerns regarding external links to the site administrator or webmaster of that third party website. 

How do I cancel my membership? 

You may cancel your membership in one of three ways:

(1) send an email to [membership@tgcomics.com](mailto:membership@tgcomics.com);

(2) use the TGC Contact Form (at the bottom of every page on this website) to cancel your membership; 

(3) send a Private Message to femur on the TGComics Forum:

In all cases, please state your membership name and the email address that is associated with that membership. Additionally, if you have purchased any Premium content, please understand that you will permanently lose online access to such content upon cancellation of your membership.   


Can I update/correct my information? 

Yes. You may update your email address at any time by going to your Edit Profile page after you are logged in. If you wish to change your membership name, please contact [membership@tgcomics.com](mailto:membership@tgcomics.com).

What is the Refund Policy?

Since we only sell electronic items such as PDFs and image files, all refunds will be handled on a case-by-case basis.

What will it say on my credit card statement if I purchase Premium Content?

The charge on your credit card statement will appear as JBH Net. If you use our credit card processors Verotel or CCBill, the charge will instead have their name(s) on your credit card statement.

Hpw can I get customer service?

TGComics.com is owned by JBH Net. For customer service, please contact us at [membership@tgcomics.com](mailto:membership@tgcomics.com) or call +1 646-216-1770.
