> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the memolane.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-01-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110108045832id_/http%3A//memolane.com/legal/PrivacyPolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Memolane, Inc. (“Memolane” or “we”) provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from members of www.memolane.com (this “Site”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through this Site. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time.  We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Memolane Terms of Service, accessible at http://www.memolane.com/legal. 

As used in this policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally. 

Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Site, services, features and content, to administer your account (together, the “Service”) and to enable members to enjoy and easily navigate the Site. 

* When you register with us through the Site, we will ask you for personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, and email address. We will use your Personal Information to create a Memolane account (“Account”) and you will become a member of Memolane (“Member”). We use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Service and administer your Account and inquiries. 
* As a Memolane Member who has registered for the Service, you have the option of granting Memolane access to your account with certain third party Social Media and Networking Sites (“SNSs”), so that Memolane can capture and render information you have stored in your account with such SNS. By granting Memolane access to the SNS via the Services you understand that Memolane will access, render and store content from your SNS account, including Personal Information about you, so that it is available and viewable through the Service. Memolane will ask you to choose whether or not to publicly share this SNS information on the Service before Memolane accesses your SNS account. Depending on the SNS you choose to access via the Service and in accordance with the privacy settings you have set in your SNS account, you can post information (including Personal Information) to your SNS account and such information will be viewable via the Service. Other services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other online services you use. Please note that if the SNS becomes unavailable or closes Memolane’s access to your SNS account, any information from that SNS will no longer be available or viewable via the Service. You have the ability to disable the connection between the Service and an SNS you’ve chosen to access via the Service at any time via the “Settings” section of the Site. 
* We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your Account (e.g., without limitation, individual preferences) (“Non-Identifying Information”).
* We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries.
* Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Memolane Members to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and understand how our Site and Service are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions.
* We also use your Personal Information to contact you with Memolane newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your “Settings” information. (See “Changing or Deleting Information,” below.) 

#### Log Data

When you visit the Site, whether as a Memolane Member or a non-registered user just browsing, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Service and for the Site’s technical administration, to increase our Site’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors’ needs. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests. We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information, though we may aggregate, analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding other Non-Identifying Information.

#### Cookies

Like many websites, we use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Memolane Members and web traffic routing on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Service and then close your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Service.

#### Phishing

Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to Memolane. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your username, password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website.

#### Information Sharing and Disclosure

**Memolane Members.** When you register through the Site and submit your Personal Information to become a Member, Memolane Members will see your username and SNS profile picture, if applicable (“Required Member Identifiers”). You can choose what other Personal Information or SNS account information you share with other Memolane Members (“Other Member Information”) by making selections via the “Settings” section of the Site. Making Other Member Information viewable by other Memolane Members is voluntary and should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with Memolane Members. We recommend that you guard your sensitive information.

**SNSs.** The Service gives you the option to share information contained in your Account with certain SNSs (including but not limited to Twitter and Facebook). Memolane will not share your Account information, which may contain your Personal Information, with such SNSs unless you expressly authorize such disclosure. 

**Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information.** We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.

**Service Providers.** We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Site’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and Service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

**Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.** Memolane cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Memolane or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.

**Business Transfers.** Memolane may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.

#### Changing or Deleting Your Information

All Members may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their Account by contacting us or by editing your Account settings from the “Settings” section of the Site. If you completely delete all such information, then your Account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us at info@memolane.com with a request that we delete your Personal Information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.

#### Security

Memolane is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ reasonable physical, technological, and administrative security measures and attempt to ensure they are applicable under the circumstances.  No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.  Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

#### International Transfer

Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Memolane transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

#### Links to Other Sites

Our Site contains links to other websites. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

#### Our Policy Toward Children

If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at legal@memolane.com. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our database.

#### Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at legal@memolane.com or at: Memolane, Inc. 548 Market St #45263 San Francisco, CA 94104 
