> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the memory4less.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110525221826id_/http%3A//www.memory4less.com/faq.aspx%3Fcat%3D6%26cat2%3D30%23a) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Memory4Less - Frequently Asked Questions!

Memory4Less, Inc (the"Company") is the sole owner of all information collected on Memory4Less.com (the "Site"). We do not sell, share, or rent this information to any third party, except as outlined in this policy. The information we collect from our customers is solely to process their orders, and is used to better serve and inform our customers with relevant and pertinent information, such order confirmation, order status updates, and to provide the customer with information on products or services that are available  from us or parties and affiliates associated with us. We may also use such information to better understand the shopping experiences of individual customers or conduct research about groups of customer buying habits. Information collected includes customer names, billing and shipping addresses, telephone and fax numbers, email addresses, payment information such as customer credit card numbers (to process orders). We require customer to provide a username (please use your email address) and a password of their choice allow for future access to account information. To protect and safeguard that customer user name and password remain confidential, please donot share this information with anyone. If you elect to receive our promotional materials, surveys, newsletters we will use the contact information you have provided us to deliver this information to you. Although you may elect to not receive newsletters, promotional materials, surveys, we may still need to send you other transactional information for maintenance and update of your customer relationship with us. Examples of such communications would be changes to policies, changes to our methods of conducting business, or requesting you to review and update information we have on file for you or information regarding any previous transactions with us.

We may have aggregated and gathered information on customers from third party sources, such as marketing databases made available for commercial purchase. Our use of all such information will comply with applicable law, any limitations imposed on us by the third party providing such information but not necessarily this privacy statement.
