> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bowerypresents.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230183625id_/http%3A//www.bowerypresents.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Bowery Presents » Privacy

**Privacy Statement for The Bowery Presents**

The Bowery Presents has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our current information-gathering and dissemination practices for The Bowery Presents and all other Web sites powered by The Bowery Presents. The Bowery Presents is continually improving and adding new functionality and features to its Web sites. Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law and the changing nature of technology, The Bowery Presents’ information-gathering and dissemination practices will change from time to time. If and when our information-gathering and dissemination practices change, we will post the changes on our Web sites to notify you of the changes. We encourage you to check this page frequently.

We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information.

The Bowery Presents uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart in the stores and to keep track of your membership status on the Web site. We use cookies to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our sites. The cookies we use only track your currently logged-in status or your shopping-cart status. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not and whether you are required to accept the cookie to view certain content.

Our registration form requires users to give us contact information (name and e-mail address) and demographic information (ZIP code and date of birth). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and about companies we choose. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary and may be shared with other selet companies that want to contact the user. Users may opt out of receiving mailings: See the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor visitors’ experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in and displaying the content according to their preferences. Except as set forth below as concerns order forms, we do not share mailing address, credit-card information or any personally identifiable information (other than e-mail address, state of residency and date of birth) with other companies. Demographic and profile data are used only for personalized Web content and statistical information and are not shared with other companies except in ways that do not personally identify our users or as specifically set forth herein in connection with orders or contests.

This site contains links to other Web sites. The Bowery Presents is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. We place advertising on our site originates from third-party advertisers and/or advertising agencies. Even though these advertisements are embedded in our Web site, cookies or other technologies—such as JavaScript and “Web beacons”—may be assigned by the advertisers themselves. The Bowery Presents does not control those cookies or other tracking technologies. If you visit other Web sites through one of the links provided on this site, please take a moment to review the privacy policy on that Web site to learn what personal information may be collected through that Web site and how it is processed.
