> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the c-sharpcorner.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190624185816id_/https%3A//www.c-sharpcorner.com/privacypolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# C# Corner : Privacy Policy

The most significant data protection legislation, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) by European Union will come into force on May 25, 2018, replacing the 1995 Data Protection Directive. Today, we are updating our privacy policy which has been specifically moderated to reflect the new regulation.

C# Corner (We, Website, Us, C# Corner) is a community of developers, programmers and IT professionals. We recognize our users and members (you, users, members, visitors) as our biggest asset, strive to provide them a quality service and are committed to respect their personal information and protecting it from any harm.

  1. **Information Collection and Use** By visiting this website, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Data as described herein. If you do not agree with the terms set out herein, please do not visit this website. Wherever required by applicable law, we will seek your explicit consent to process Personal Data collected on this website or volunteered by you. Kindly note that any consent will be entirely voluntary. However, if you do not grant the requested consent to the processing of your Personal Data, the use of this website may not be possible.

The information we collect may include your email, name, address, phone number, business name, and address. We may also ask you to provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, and education. We use your information to understand you better and improve our services.

If you have subscribed to our newsletter and/or notifications, you may receive our newsletter and notifications from time to time. We may also use your information for our marketing research to understand the demographics and other preferences of our users. To protect a great respect for our users and do not share, sell, or rent your personal information to others unless we have your permission or are required by law.

C# Corner may collect, record and analyze information of Visitors to its website. We may record your IP address and use cookies. We may add information collected by way of pageview activity. Furthermore, the website may collect and process any Personal Data that you volunteer to us in our website’s forms, such as when you register for events or sign up for information and newsletters. If you provide us with your social media details, we may retrieve publicly available information about you from your social media profile.

C# Corner gathers data about visits to the website, including numbers of Visitors and visits, Geo-location data, length of time spent on the site, pages clicked on or where Visitors have come.

If you ever have concerned about sharing your information, please send us the email at support@c-sharpcorner.com.

  2. **Purpose of processing personal data**  

C# Corner uses the collected personal data to communicate with visitors, to customize content for them, to show their contribution on the website, to promote their posts on various social media channels, to send them necessary information and notifications, and to improve the website browsing experience for visitors while they are visiting the website by analyzing how they navigate through it. 

  3. **Information Storage and Security**  

We are committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data online including emails and words.

Your access to some services and content is word protected. We recommend that you do not divulge your word to anyone. We will never ask you for your word in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. You should not disclose your user name and word to others. In addition, if applicable, you should remember to sign out of your account or service at the end of each session. You may also wish to close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library.

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, despite our best efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online products or services. You transmit all such information at your own risk. However, once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.

  4. **Third Party Web Sites Links** Links to third party web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this website. We do not comprehensively review all of these third party sites and do not control and are not responsible for any of these sites, their content or their privacy policies. Thus, C# Corner does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
  5. **Use of Cookies** A cookie is a piece of text asking permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. If you agree, we may use cookies to store your login credentials and other small information such as user Id and word. C# Corner wants to ensure that you understand that accepting a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personal information about you, other than the data we store on your machine. This practice is strictly enforced. We are aware that a lot of people have concerns about cookies, but we believe that the benefit we both gain from their proper use is worthwhile. We value the relationships we have with our customers, so we respect these concerns.
  6. **Retention and deletion of users’ data** C# Corner is a community platform and users contribute their knowledge in the form of articles, blogs, and written write-ups. We will not retain the personal data of a user longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations. For private data, users with an active account will therefore have the responsibility to delete data when required. When a user’s account is terminated or expired, all Personal Data collected through the platform will be deleted, as required by applicable law, however, their contribution will not be deleted and will be shown as it was before the deletion of the personal data of the user.
  7. **Acceptance of these Conditions** We assume that all the users, registered or unregistered, and visitors of our website, have read this document carefully and agree to its contents. If someone does not agree with this privacy policy, they should refrain from using our website and platform. Continued use of C# Corner website and platform after having been informed of the changes to these conditions implies acceptance of the revised privacy policy.
  8. **Privacy Policy Changes** This privacy policy is subject to change any time without any prior notification. We will post the updated date in this document whenever we update our privacy policy. Please visit this page back to learn latest about our privacy policy.

For Users with accounts located in C# Corner’s European Data Region, all processing of Personal Data is performed in accordance with privacy rights and regulations following the EU Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 (the Directive), and the implementations of the Directive in local legislation. From May 25th, 2018, however, the Directive and local legislation based on the Directive will be replaced by the Regulations (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data, known as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and C# Corner’s processing will take place in accordance with the GDPR.

  9. **Our Legal Obligation to Disclose Personal Information** C# Corner will not reveal the personal information of a user without his/her prior permission except when we have reason to believe that the disclosure of this information is required to establish the identity of, to contact or to initiate legal proceedings against a person or persons who are suspected of infringing rights or property belonging to C# Corner or to others who could be harmed by the user’s activities or of persons who could (deliberately or otherwise) transgress upon these rights and property. We are permitted to disclose personal information when we have good reason to believe that this is legally required.
  10. **C# Corner Data Protection Department  **

C# Corner has a “Data Protection Department” which is responsible for matters relating to privacy and data protection. 

  11. **Further Information** If you have any further questions regarding the data C# Corner collects, or how we use it, then please feel free to contact us by email at: support@c-sharpcorner.com.


