> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bubblicious.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20031203190116id_/http%3A//bubblicious.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bubblicious - Privacy Statement

|  | 

Cadbury Adams USA LLC ("we," "us," "our") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personally identifiable information. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on this site ("Site") and how such information may be used and/or shared with others. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through this Site and not through any other sources. This Privacy Policy is subject to the terms and conditions posted on this Site ("Terms and Conditions"). Please return to this Site and review this Privacy Policy from time to time, as it may be amended without notice. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy on this Site. Your use of the Site constitutes your agreement to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy.

**YOUR INFORMATION AND HOW WE USE IT**

This Site collects two kinds of information: (1) information that personally identifies you (such as your name and e-mail address); and (2) information that does not personally identify you (such as the number of users who log on to the Site on a daily basis). As a general policy, no personally identifiable information is automatically collected from your visit to this Site. However, in certain circumstances, you may be asked to provide us with some specific information about yourself in order to use specific features on the Site, such as sweepstakes, contests, surveys and other promotions. Such information may include contact information (such as your name and/or e-mail address), and other information as we may require. The personally identifiable information you submit will be used to carry out your requests and respond to your inquiries. To accomplish this, we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties that perform functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our partners), such as companies or individuals that deliver merchandise, participate in our promotions, administer our promotions, provide marketing or promotional assistance, analyze data or provide customer service (but such information will be shared only to the extent they need such information to perform their functions). Your personally identifiable information may also be used by us or shared with our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates to provide you with product information, and promotional and other offers. You may always direct us (by contacting us at the address listed below) not to share your personally identifiable information with these parties or not to use your personally identifiable information to provide you with such information or offers. We may also use your information as otherwise disclosed at the point where such information is collected or in any additional terms and conditions applicable to the particular feature of the Site. Except as provided herein, your personally identifiable information will not be provided to any third parties without prior approval from you.

From time to time, we may collect non-personally identifiable information from you through the standard operation of our servers. Such information can include the type of browser being used (e.g., Netscape Navigator, Internet Explorer), the operating system you are using (e.g., Windows 95, Windows 98, Macintosh), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Compuserve), and the number of users that visit a specific page on the Site and the character and duration of such visits. This information may be used to help analyze site traffic and improve our services. We may also aggregate such information to create statistical data and share it with potential advertisers, partners, affiliates and other third parties. At no point, however, will the aggregated information personally identify you.

We reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information if we are required to do so by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary in order to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or to comply with legal process served on us; (c) to protect or defend the legal rights or property of Cadbury Adams USA LLC, this Site, or its users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of this Site’s users or the general public.

**CHILDREN UNDER 13**

This Site is operated in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We do not request children under the age of 13 to provide more personally identifiable information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity on the Site. For example, with respect to sweepstakes, we only request children’s e-mail addresses to allow them to participate. In any event, Children under the age of 13 should not provide any personally identifiable information on the Site without the knowledge and permission of a parent or guardian. If (at the point where a user’s personally identifiable information is collected) we determine that such user is under the age of 13, the personally identifiable information provided by such user will not be used or maintained without the consent of his/her parent or guardian. In certain circumstances, we may require children under the age of 13 to provide us with the contact information for their parent or legal guardian. We will use this information (i) to notify such parents or legal guardians of their children’s participation in an activity on the Site and of our privacy practices, and/or (ii) to seek consent to their children’s participation in an activity on the Site. Without his/her parent’s or legal guardian’s permission, a child under the age of 13 may not be able to participate in certain activities. A parent or legal guardian can request that we remove, change or refuse further submission of information relating to a child under the age of 13 by sending an e-mail to privacypolicy@am.csplc.com or by contacting us at 1-800-648-0027. Any such request must contain the child’s name, address and e-mail address so we can locate such child’s information.

**IP ADDRESS**

An IP address is a number that’s automatically assigned to your computer whenever you’re surfing the Web. Web servers, the big computers that "serve up" Web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information to our advertisers, and to track the use of the Site. When visitors request pages from the Site, our servers log the visitors’ IP addresses. It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a visitor’s session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. However, we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor only when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with the Site’s policies or to protect our service or customers, the Site, or others.

**COOKIES**

"Cookies" are small text files from a Web site that are stored on your hard drive. These small text files make using a Web site more convenient by saving your passwords and preferences for you. Cookies themselves do not contain any personally identifiable information. We may analyze the information derived from these cookies and match such information with data provided by you or another party. We may provide our analysis and certain non-personally identifiable information to potential partners, advertisers (who may use this information to provide advertisements tailored to your interests) or other third parties, but we will not disclose any personally identifiable information, except as provided in this Privacy Policy. 

Also, we may allow third parties that serve advertisements on our Site (including our promotion partners) to place and access cookies on your computer, but they will not be able to access our cookies. The use of cookies by such third parties are not subject to our Privacy Policy, but are subject to their own respective privacy policies.

You can have the option of deciding whether or not to accept a cookie by resetting your browser to notify you whenever a cookie is being sent to your hard drive. You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive. Please note, however, that some parts of this Site will not function properly or will be considerably slower if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable your cookies settings.

**KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE**

We have reasonable and appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please be advised, however, that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information. 

**TRANSFER OF ASSETS**

As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all or substantially all of our assets, personally identifiable information, non-personally identifiable information, and any other information that we have collected about the users of the Site will be transferred to such entity as one of the transferred assets. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.

**OTHER SITES**

This Site may contain links to other web sites that we do not control or maintain. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by these other web sites. We encourage you to note when you leave this Site and to read the privacy statements of such other web sites before submitting any personally identifiable information. In addition, this Site may link to web sites owned or operated by third parties. Please note that the other third party web sites are subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites. 

**CONTACT INFORMATION**

If you have questions or comments about our privacy practices, or if you wish to review or amend any personally identifiable information you have provided, you can contact us at:

Bubblicious® Privacy Policy  
P.O. Box 2525  
Dublin, VA 24084-6525  
  
---|---
