> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nadji.info privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150608001617id_/http%3A//www.nadji.info/p/pp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | nadji.info

### Privacy Policy

Valid from: Saturday, October 13, 2012

This Privacy Policy is valid and applicable within the entire Internet presentation, Windows Store application, Windows Phone application, Android Application, iPhone Application as well as all other products of “nadji.info” (hereinafter called "NADJI.INFO"), including but not limiting to all Internet addresses within NADJI.INFO domain. The safety of our Users, when using NADJI.INFO and/or our services - is of the significant importance for us. Our business policy is against sales, sharing or disclosing of your personal information. NADJI.INFO respects and protects your privacy.

Apart from this Privacy Policy, you are well advised to read the document [Terms Of Service](http://www.nadji.info/p/tos/ "Terms Of Service"), because both documents contain information important for you! All definitions provided in [Terms Of Service](http://www.nadji.info/p/tos/ "Terms Of Service") are applied to this document, the Privacy Policy, too.

This Privacy Policy (hereinafter called "Privacy Policy") regulates conditions and methods applied in the process of processing of the user data, including personal data which our users voluntarily enter when using NADJI.INFO and/or services. User personal data is processed only within the limits required in order to realize the purpose of data processing. NADJI.INFO, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, performs the following activities as the activities of user personal data processing, non-automatically and/or automatically: collection, storing, keeping browsing, updating, crossing, unifying, exploitation, organization, recording, making available for inspection, disclosure, transfer, securing and publishing.

All users of NADJI.INFO, regardless the fact whether they are registered at NADJI.INFO or not, represent our users (hereinafter called "Users"). Access to or use of NADJI.INFO means that the Users agree to use NADJI.INFO exclusively in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the conditions listed in [Terms Of Service](http://www.nadji.info/p/tos/ "Terms Of Service"). As a User of NADJI.INFO and/or our services, you confirm that you are acquainted with this Privacy Policy and that you accept it, together with the conditions listed in [Terms Of Service](http://www.nadji.info/p/tos/ "Terms Of Service") and also that you accept the said without limitations. Having on mind the aforesaid, our Users are aware of the fact that their consent and acceptance of this Privacy Policy represents the valid consent for personal data processing in terms of the Law on Personal Data Protection (Official Gazette of Republic of Serbia, No. 97/2008 and No. 104/2009 – and other Law).

It is forbidden to use NADJI.INFO and/or our services if you do not want / you cannot comply with the rules defined in [Terms Of Service](http://www.nadji.info/p/tos/ "Terms Of Service") and/or other conditions listed in NADJI.INFO, as well as this Privacy Policy, and/or if you do not agree with the listed documents. In this case you must immediately stop using NADJI.INFO and/or our services.

#### Privacy Policy amendments

This Privacy Policy can be amended at any moment with our discretion. NADJI.INFO will inform you about any amendments made to this Privacy Policy, by making valid and/or binding version of the Privacy Policy available within this document. At the top of this document, there is a date referring to the last update of the Privacy Policy (Application date), which is the date when the latest version of the Privacy Policy came into force.

Having on mind the aforesaid, please read our Privacy Policy and [Terms Of Service](http://www.nadji.info/p/tos/ "Terms Of Service") from time to time, so that you are acquainted with any possible amendments. If you continue to use NADJI.INFO and/or our services, even after publication of the latest update of the Privacy Policy on this page, it will mean that you irrevocably accept the latest amendments of the Privacy Policy.

Apart from Serbian language, this Privacy Policy can be composed in other languages as well. Regardless the language, interpretation of this Privacy Policy will be valid exclusively in Serbian language.

#### Collection and processing of the data

Personal data: personal data include information (regardless the form in which they are expressed, information holder, and all other information properties) relating physical entities and determining and defining the identity of such physical entities. Data and/or information which cannot be directly related to your actual identity do not represent personal data.

Voluntariness: please be aware of the fact that all personal data which we collect – we collect the data following the principle of your free will to provide us with such data. During the use of NADJI.INFO and/or our services, you will provide us with your personal data and/or amendments to the said, and all exclusively related to the use of NADJI.INFO and/or our services. Further processing of your personal data will be performed in accordance with this Privacy Policy, because you accepted it through the access and use of NADJI.INFO. Please have on mind that, if you provide us with any personal data of any other person, you must have the consent of that person.

Registered user: in order to provide our customers with the top quality services, sometimes, we must collect and process certain personal data. At signing up of your user account within NADJI.INFO, which makes you the registered user of NADJI.INFO (hereinafter called "Registered user") – we collect your personal data, including: name, surname, e-mail, place of residence, gender, date of birth and the Internet address of the computer from which you access and use NADJI.INFO. NADJI.INFO, in order to share gifts and/or in other purposes can collect, apart from previously listed personal data, also the following information: address of residence, telephone number and the unique master citizen number.

After you have registered your user account at NADJI.INFO, apart from the acceptance of our Privacy Policy and the conditions listed in [Terms Of Service](http://www.nadji.info/p/tos/ "Terms Of Service"), through the access and use of NADJI.INFO – you give your additional consent and confirmation for processing of your personal data, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, by marking a compulsory confirmation required at registration. The initial password of your user account will be automatically created, and such password will be replaceable. You are the sole responsible for the secrecy of the password of your user account within NADJI.INFO, as well as any other activity relating your account. You are obliged to inform us about any misuse of your account, without delay.

Regardless whether you access NADJI.INFO anonymously or not, use of NADJI.INFO will result in collection of the information/data relating the very use of NADJI.INFO, such as: reviewed pages and/or contents, internet address of the computer from which you accessed and used NADJI.INFO, type of internet reader as well as details on the reader, date and time when each page/contents within NADJI.INFO was opened. All aforesaid information about NADJI.INFO will by no means be related (nor it can be related) to any personal data and/or any physical entity, which means – the information is collected exclusively as collective – aggregate information. Such information is used, on collective base, for update of statistic analysis of User behaviour, as well as in order to inspect the degree of interest and use of various parts of NADJI.INFO.

All the data, including your personal data, will be collected, stored, kept, browsed, updated, crossed, unified, used, organized recorded, made available for inspection, revealed, transferred, provided and published: (i) to provide you with our services, (ii) for further development and promotion of NADJI.INFO services and/or our services, (iii) in order to reveal and/or prevent each misuse and/or treat and/or violation of any and anyone’s rights, public order relating the use of NADJI.INFO and/or our Services, (iv) in order to publish statistical information about user behaviour (exclusively on anonymous base as collective-aggregate information), (v) in order to check the frameworks of interest and use of the most diverse segments of NADJI.INFO (exclusively on anonymous base as collective-aggregate information), (vi) in order to achieve our marketing aims and marketing aims of our commercial Users, (vii) in order to provide a response to your feedback and/or in order to realize communication with you, (viii) in order to fulfil our obligations towards the state authorities in accordance with the law.

All the data, including your personal data, is kept in electronic form, on the servers located in geographically distributed data-centres of the Western Europe. Servers are collated in special data-centres with extremely restricted access. We reserve the rights to dislocate the servers which store the data, including your personal data, to some other EU county and/or United States of America. You agree and accept that, in that case, your personal data will be kept on those servers.

Your personal data will be used and kept up to 24 months from the day of termination of your registration at NADJI.INFO until the day when your account has been cancelled, after which the data will be completely erased or anonymized. NADJI.INFO will transfer, distribute and sell to the third party personal data of its Users only upon the consent and acceptance of the Users.

If you access and use NADJI.INFO without signing up and/or use of your account, which means that you are not registered user and/or you are registered user but you did not log in your account NADJI.INFO - NADJI.INFO will not collect your personal data based on which you could possibly be identified (for e.g. name and surname), and you will be using NADJI.INFO anonymously.

Your personal data will be published at NADJI.INFO in the following manner: your public profile, apart from each content added by you, will automatically publish your user name , which you entered at signing up to NADJI.INFO, as well as your photo which you displayed to your user account. You can make a review of your personal data which you voluntarily added, as well as those automatically collected, as well as the contents you added to NADJI.INFO at any moment if log into NADJI.INFO through your user account and access to your "Dashboard".

Registered users accept that NADJI.INFO publishes assessments of other Registered users, relating Users and their contents, and/or their assessments regarding other registered users and/or their contents, and all in accordance with the Privacy Policy and the conditions set in [Terms Of Service](http://www.nadji.info/p/tos/ "Terms Of Service").

In case you enter your personal data by your self-initiative and/or personal data of other person, into the content which you publish at NADJI.INFO – and/or which you make publicly available for other people, that means that other people will have an insight into such data and/or they use such personal data in various ways. You will be the sole responsible for the information and/or for the contents you make publicly available at NADJI.INFO – which means that you will be responsible for your personal data and for the personal data of other people that you make available in such way. NADJI.INFO disclaims each responsibility for the information and the contents published at NADJI.INFO.

If you are sending a feedback relating NADJI.INFO and/or services, we will keep and use the correspondence between yourself and us, relating such feedback, including all your personal data included in that correspondence, and in order to provide you with the best response relating your feedback. Please be aware of the fact that such communication can be recorded in order to provide an evidence of commercial transactions or other business relations. Any contact information you provide us with will be used for publishing of the communication with you too, and relating the use of NADJI.INFO and/or services.

Information including your personal data, and relating the behaviour of Users at NADJI.INFO can be delivered to the third party (marketing agencies, advertisers, etc.), on collective or anonymous base, in order to assess the degree of interest for certain contents offered at NADJI.INFO (for e.g., we are entitled to reveal the number of users that visited certain page of NADJI.INFO), and all with the purpose of promotion and improvement of our services.

Our related companies (capital related, contract related...), may have the access to our information, including your personal data, without any rights to process such data, in which case they are committed to this Privacy Policy. If any company/physical entity acquires our company, wither in its entirety or partly, or part of our assets, such entity will also acquire the information, including your personal data.

We use professional services of the third parties that provide us with technical, marketing, legal and other support (for e.g. telecommunication operators, marketing agencies...). In order to enable the third party that we engaged to perform their task efficiently, they may have the access to our information, including your personal data, but only with the purpose of realization of the task for which they were engaged, and within the required limits, excluding their rights to process or use your personal data in any way. The aforesaid will also be applied if the third party was engaged in order to fulfil your requirements relating NADJI.INFO and/or services.

This Privacy Policy is binding for all entities engaged by NADJI.INFO, and who, due to the nature of tasks they perform, can have the access to your personal data. Only entities authorized by NADJI.INFO can process your personal data.

#### Prohibition of misuse, transfer rights, availability, disclosure of personal data

We are entitled, in accordance with the competent legislation, to disclose, transfer and make available for inspection, all the information, including your personal data. Please be aware that in this case, the competent legislation applicable to the Privacy Policy, implies the legislation of the Republic of Serbia. We are entitled to disclose, make available for inspection or transfer you personal data to the state authorities, and in order to act in accordance with the Law, in order to protect our rights and reputation, as well as rights and reputation of our Users and related companies, public order, and in order to prevent or reveal any misuse at NADJI.INFO and enable consistent application of this Privacy Policy and the conditions defined in [Terms Of Service](http://www.nadji.info/p/tos/ "Terms Of Service").

If transfer, availability for inspection and/or disclosure of the personal data is not permitted in accordance with the competent legislation, all Registered users accept to forward their personal data to the competent authorities, with the purpose of protection against risks for state and public security, as well as with the purpose of prosecution of the criminal act perpetrators.

If you want to: (i) learn which personal data you sent us, (ii) update your personal data you sent us, (iii) amend your personal data you sent us, (iv) cancel your user account at NADJI.INFO, you can do it by sending an application to NADJI.INFO, through your user account, and after that in options offered in your "control panel". You have every right to request the reasonable inspection in case of unpermitted processing of your data relating NADJI.INFO and/or our services. Please keep your personal information updated, for it is in your interest.

You have every right to recall the consent for processing of your personal data, or to recall the consent for receiving additional information/contents by sending an application to NADJI.INFO through your user account, and after that by making a selection among the options offered in your "control panel". The recall of the consent for processing of your personal data by NADJI.INFO will be achieved through cancellation of your user account at NADJI.INFO.

In case of recall of the consent for processing of your personal data which you sent us, your personal account will be cancelled in legally prescribed term, and within the same term, our information system will automatically stop further procession of your personal data, yet we reserve the rights to keep and use the said data up to 24 months form the day of cancelation of your user account, and with the purpose of revealing of any unlawful behaviour relating the use of NADJI.INFO and/or services; upon expiration of that period, the data will be completely erased and/or anonymized. In this case, we reserve the rights - without any compensation towards yourself and/or any third party and without any spatial, time or objective limits – to continue with the publishing and use of your contents in accordance with the conditions defined in [Terms Of Service](http://www.nadji.info/p/tos/ "Terms Of Service"), at NADJI.INFO, and which you previously published at NADJI.INFO. Having on mind the aforesaid statements from this article, we are entitled to publish and use such data in accordance with the conditions defined in [Terms Of Service](http://www.nadji.info/p/tos/ "Terms Of Service"), marked as "inactive user".

#### Consent to recieve additional information/contents

Registration of your user account within NADJI.INFO provides you with the possibility to use the service of reception of additional information/consents, also via NADJI.INFO newsletter, which includes: various notifications, advertising of our commercial users, advertising of commercial activities/marketing of our commercial users. In case you would like to use this service, you will have to activate it through the option offered within the "Control panel", and which is located in your user account at NADJI.INFO. The same option can be used for recall of the option to receive additional information/contents.

NADJI.INFO can contain the links towards Internet Presentation of other entities, where such Internet presentation is not under control of NADJI.INFO, and NADJI.INFO cannot be held liable for their accuracy and/or contents. NADJI.INFO cannot guarantee for the veracity of such links and Internet presentations which follow such links, as well as for the veracity of the information from such Internet presentations, as such Internet presentations are neither under direct control of NADJI.INFO nor does NADJI.INFO have any kind of direct access to such Internet presentation and their contents.

NADJI.INFO can contain links towards internet presentations of other entities, and which might contain provisions on privacy protection, which differ from this Privacy Policy, as well as conditions for their use which differ from the conditions defined in [Terms Of Service](http://www.nadji.info/p/tos/ "Terms Of Service"). If you use/follow such links, please do not forget to read their Privacy Policies as well as terms and conditions of use of such Internet pages.

NADJI.INFO is intended for the general audience and is not directed towards the children of up to 16 years of age. If you have any doubts that your child is leaving is/her personal data without your personal attendance and consent, please contact us immediately through our [Contact](http://www.nadji.info/p/c/ "Contact") page. We do not approve of and we do not use NADJI.INFO for purposeful collection and storing of the data about the children of up to 16 years of age; we offer neither our services nor any other’s services to them. If we learn and/or if we become aware of the fact that minor person under 16 years of age leaves their personal data without their parents’ consent, we will immediately undertake all required measures in order to remove such data. NADJI.INFO is promoting for protection of children’s rights.

NADJI.INFO applies general standards for personal data protection, and we will undertake all reasonable precautions in order to prevent any loss, misuse, abuse or unauthorized access to your personal data which you sent us by your free will. Please have on mind that NADJI.INFO cannot insure or guarantee the safety of any data forwarded by means of electronic data transfer, so you take the responsibility for doing it. NADJI.INFO applies generally accepted encryption standards, in order to provide your personal data.

Each person that considers their personal data protection rights infringed, can raise a complaint, with the purpose of protection of their rights, to the trustee for the information of public significance and protection of personal data of the Republic of Serbia.

#### Governing law and jurisdiction

The Governing Law of this Privacy policy and/or all the issues relating personal data protection is the right of the Republic of Serbia. All disputes relating the protection of personal rights arising from use of our services, will be the matter of competence of the Court in Belgrade, the Republic of Serbia.
