> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cancercenter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629185325id_/http%3A//www.cancercenter.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | CTCA

Cancercenter.com respects the privacy of its users.

Our goal is to provide you with a personalized internet experience that delivers the information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. In order to achieve this goal, we sometimes collect information during your visits to understand what differentiates you from each of our millions of other users. 

In order to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have prepared this statement disclosing the privacy practices for the entire Cancercenter.com website. Additional terms and conditions, if any, regarding the collection and use of your information may also be provided to you before you sign up for a particular service. 

Here, you will learn what personally identifiable information of yours is collected, how and when we might use your information, how we protect your information, who has access to your information, and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. 

## What information is collected

Cancercenter.com collects certain information from and about its users in two ways -- directly from the user and from our Web server logs. 

_User-Supplied Information:_

When you submit a form we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, and some other personal information. The more accurate information you volunteer, the better we are able to customize your Cancercenter.com experience. 

_Log Information:_

When you visit an Internet Web site, you disclose certain information about yourself, such as your Internet [Protocol] (IP) address, the time of your visit, and the referring location (e.g., the Site or page that offered a link to a Cancercenter.com page). Cancercenter.com, like many other sites, records this basic information about visits to its site. You should remember that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online, your information can be collected and used by others, including when you click to chat, click to call/have us call you, click to video chat. Although Cancercenter.com tries to protect your personal information, Cancercenter.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. You are also solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords you set up and/or any account information. Neither Cancercenter.com, Rising Tide, nor Cancer Treatment Centers of America, Inc. is providing you with "covered health services" as such term is defined in HIPAA. Any information that you provide to Cancercenter.com will NOT be deemed in any way to be "protected health information", and as such, neither Cancercenter.com, Rising Tide, nor Cancer Treatment Centers of America, Inc. shall be obligated to deal with your information as required by HIPAA. You acknowledge and agree that you will never assert against any of Cancercenter.com, Rising Tide, or Cancer Treatment Centers of America, Inc. any claims arising under HIPAA.

We work with third-party data analytics and online targeting companies. Some of these companies may use anonymous information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide data and targeting recommendations based on which we may provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. To learn more about this practice or about your choice to opt-out of this practice please click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/).

This website uses Google Analytics and the Google Display Network impression reporting feature to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of this website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

We and our third party vendors, like Google, use first party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Site.

You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the [Google Ads Settings](http://www.google.com/settings/ads) page. Google also recommends installing the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) for your browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.

By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

## How and when information is used

We use information in different ways, depending on the type of information: 

_User-supplied information:_

This information is used for purposes such as personalization and visitor verification. 

_Web Server Logs:_

This information helps us identify which areas of our site are of interest to our visitors. Cancercenter.com also collects the Internet [Protocol] (IP) addresses of its visitors for the purposes of system administration. 

## How we protect your information

The privacy and protection of your personal information is vitally important to us. At this time, Cancercenter.com does not make personal information available to any third parties without your permission. This may or may not change in the future without notification. Any user statistics that we may provide to prospective partners regarding your Cancercenter.com usage are provided in aggregate form and do not include any personally identifiable information about any individual user. 

Your access to some services and content is password protected. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. Cancercenter.com will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. You should not disclose your user name and password to others. 

In addition, if applicable, you should remember to sign out of your Cancercenter.com account or service at the end of each session. You may also wish to close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe. 

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, despite our efforts to protect your personal information by using the latest security technology, Cancercenter.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online products or services. You transmit all such information at your own risk. However, once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. 

## Who has access to the information

Cancercenter.com may disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to protect the rights or property of Cancercenter.com. 

We welcome any questions or comments you have about the Cancercenter.com site. 

**Daily Operations:**  
Cancercenter.com   
1336 Basswood Rd  
Schaumburg, IL 60173

**Managed and Owned By:**  
Rising Tide  
Herrenacker 15  
8200 Schaffhausen  
Switzerland

## HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices

For detailed information regarding how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information, please see the HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices for each of our cancer hospitals:

  * [Philadelphia](https://web.archive.org/eastern/preparing-for-your-visit/notice-of-privacy-practices/)
  * [Atlanta](https://web.archive.org/southeastern/preparing-for-your-visit/notice-of-privacy-practices/)
  * [Chicago](https://web.archive.org/midwestern/preparing-for-your-visit/notice-of-privacy-practices/)
  * [Phoenix](https://web.archive.org/western/preparing-for-your-visit/notice-of-privacy-practices/)
  * [Tulsa](https://web.archive.org/southwestern/preparing-for-your-visit/notice-of-privacy-practices/)
  * [Seattle (clinic) ](https://web.archive.org/seattle-clinic/about-us/notice-of-privacy-practices/)


