> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mission.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141202085012id_/http%3A//www.atk.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

[Privacy Policy]()| Privacy Policy| <p>Alliant Techsystems Inc., its subsidiaries, and related companies (collectively referred to as ATK) make reasonable efforts to protect the privacy of your personal information. This <a href="https://www.atk.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/privacy_policy.pdf" target="_blank">privacy policy</a> (PDF) was created to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices.</p><p>This policy covers ATK’s use of personal information that ATK collects when you use the website at www.atk.com. Through the above website (hereafter referred to as the Site), you may link to other Web pages and websites operated by ATK and its subsidiaries, and related companies (individually ATK Site, collectively ATK Sites). It may be that not every ATK Site has adopted this policy. Individual ATK Sites may adopt different privacy policies that fit the purposes on that ATK Site. The below websites have <a href="http://glarp.atk.com/policies/PrivacyPolicy.html">their own privacy statement</a>:</p><p>www.federalpremium.com<br>www.fusionammo.com<br>www.cci-ammunition.com<br>www.speer-bullets.com<br>www.blazer-ammo.com<br>www.speer-ammo.com<br>www.blackcloudammo.com<br>www.estatecartridge.com<br>www.alliantpowder.com<br>www.rcbs.com<br>www.redfield-mounts.com<br>www.simmons-mounts.com<br>www.ram-line.com<br>www.championtarget.com<br>www.championbackyard.com<br>www.shootersridge.com<br>www.trickmy10-22.com<br>www.le.atk.com<br>www.nitrexoptics.com<br>www.intensityoptics.com<br>www.weaveroptics.com<br>www.gunslick.com<br>www.outers-guncare.com<br>www.forceonforce.com<br>www.premiumpartners.atk.com<br>www.outdoorwriters.atk.com<br>glarp.atk.com<br>opc.atk.com</p><p>If an ATK Site has its own privacy policy, the provisions of that policy will control if it conflicts with this general policy.</p><p> <strong>1\. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED</strong></p><p>a. Personal Information Collected. There may be areas on our Site where you can share your name, company name, postal address, email address, phone number, Social security number, and zip code ( Personal Information) with us and where you can communicate with others. Our Site may also provide you with the option to sign up and receive electronic communications from us, where we ask for certain Personal Information. If you communicate with us by email or complete online forms, we may require Personal Information that personally identifies you. ATK may also request your email address or mailing address for the purposes of having someone contact you for additional information, or in response to your request for information from us. If you request that information be mailed to your postal address, you may request to be placed on our mailing list to receive periodic mailings from us.</p><p>b. Information from Children. ATK does not knowingly solicit or collect information from children under 13 years of age. The use of this Site by children under 13 years of age is not conditioned on the disclosure of Personal Information. However, we ask that children not submit information to us without the consent of a parent or guardian. When we email information to you, we will provide prominently displayed instructions that show you how to unsubscribe from receiving such information. If your child subscribes to receive information from ATK without your knowledge, simply follow the instructions on our email and unsubscribe immediately. Please include the child’s name and the parent’s email address in the email so that ATK can better assist you with your inquiry or request. Parents can also contact our customer service department to access, change, or delete the personal information that has been submitted by a child.</p><p>c. Cookies and Tracers. ATK may collect information about you and your use of our Site whenever you visit this Site. For instance, we may collect various forms of information such as entry and exit points for our Site (i.e., referring URLs or domains), site traffic statistics, operating system and browser type (collectively Traffic Data). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site. In addition, when you request pages on our Site, our servers automatically log your IP address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. ATK may store some information on your computer in the form of a cookie or similar file to help us maintain and improve this Site in many ways. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card, recording such things as Internet addresses, passwords, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about these functions. Enabling cookies allows you to take full advantage of all the features on the Site and we recommend that you leave them turned on. If you elect to block the cookies, we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience on our Site.</p><p>In some instances, ATK may use tracking scripts or “tracers” that recognize a unique identifier from a cookie placed on your hard drive by another website. These are used by ATK solely to gauge the success of our own advertising. For instance, we may use a tracer to determine whether you visit certain Web pages where ATK may have placed a banner ad. We do not use tracers to gather information on your use of the Internet unrelated to ATK. Please note that ATK does not use tracers to identify your personal information, and you remain anonymous unless and until you communicate with ATK via email or complete online forms.</p><p> <strong>2\. USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED</strong></p><p>ATK will use the Personal Information directly submitted by you for the purpose for which you have provided it, whether it be to apply for a job, request information, etc. ATK may also use the information you provide to us to contact you for reasons related to your original communication to us. We may use your Personal Information to customize your experience on the Site and display content that we think you might be interested in according to your preferences. Your email address is not used for any other purpose except to the extent necessary to follow-up on specific questions requiring information from ATK, our subsidiaries, related companies, affiliates or business partners, or to follow-up with you on your application for employment. Visitors who give us their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us for reasons related to the visitor’s original communication or request. We may use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website.</p><p> <strong>3\. SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION</strong></p><p>ATK will not sell, rent, share, monitor, edit, or disclose any Personal Information about you, including its contents or your use of the Site, without your prior consent, but ATK may share your Personal Information, without your prior consent, for the limited purposes noted below:</p><p>a. Third Parties. ATK may share Personal Information with other companies and individuals to perform functions such as delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), and providing customer service. Such companies shall only use your Personal Information for those purposes required to perform their functions.</p><p>b. Business Transfers. As ATK continues to develop its business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the obligations made in any pre-existing privacy policy.</p><p>c. Legal Obligations. ATK may share your Personal Information if we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) comply with legal process or other legal requirements of any governmental authority; (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of ATK; (iii) enforce this Agreement; (iv) protect the interests of other users of the Site or any other person; or (v) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of the Site or equipment.</p><p> <strong>4\. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION</strong></p><p>To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the Personal Information we collect.</p><p> <strong>5\. SUBMISSION OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION</strong></p><p>ATK does not treat your general interaction with ATK (e.g., submission of suggestions) as confidential. You should not use this Site as a means of submitting information you consider to be confidential or proprietary. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Website Terms and Conditions of Access and Use for your transactions with this Site, an ATK Site, the ATK Site or in a written agreement with ATK applicable to your particular use of this Site or ATK Sites or any submission of materials by you will be considered a contribution to ATK for further use in its sole discretion, regardless of any proprietary claims or reservation of rights noted in the submission. Accordingly, you agree that any materials, including but not limited to questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information, provided by you in the form of email or submissions to ATK, or postings on this Site, are non-confidential (subject to ATK’s Privacy Policy) and shall become the sole property of ATK. ATK shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use of these materials for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. The submission of any materials to ATK, including the posting of materials to any forum or interactive area, irrevocably waives any and all “moral rights” in such materials, including the rights of paternity and integrity.</p><p> <strong>6\. OTHER LIMITS TO YOUR PRIVACY</strong></p><p>The Site may contain links to other non-ATK websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We have no control over the use of such websites and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any Personal Information on these websites.</p><p> <strong>7\. USER CHOICE REGARDING COLLECTION, USE AND DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION</strong></p><p>You may choose not to provide ATK with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use this Site. If you do not wish to receive information and promotional material from us, you may select the appropriate “opt-out” option each time we ask you for Personal Information, upon receipt of email correspondence from ATK, or by going to the Investor Email alert or The Federal Premium e-Newsletter Web pages and requesting the opt-out option.</p><p> <strong>8\. HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CORRECT YOUR INFORMATION</strong></p><p>If you have provided your Personal Information and your Personal Information changes (such as address or telephone), you can access and update any Personal Information that you provided to us for investor Email alerts, The Federal Premium e-Newsletter, and job opening submissions. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. To protect your privacy and security, we may also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.</p><p> <strong>9\. UPDATES AND CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY</strong></p><p>We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. Updates and changes to the Website Terms and Conditions of Use Agreement and the Privacy Policy will continue to govern your use of the Site even if you elect not to receive notice of such changes.</p><p> <strong>10\. HOW TO CONTACT US</strong></p><p>Should you have other questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please send us an email at <a href="mailto:atk.corporate@atk.com">atk.corporate@atk.com</a>.</p>  
---|---|---
