> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the alcatelonetouch.eu privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160519194735id_/http%3A//www.alcatelonetouch.eu/gb/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

We, TCT Mobile Europe SAS (hereinafter to the referred to as “ALCATEL ONETOUCH”), know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly, and in compliance with the laws regulating the protection of personal data.

## Scope

This Privacy Policy describes in detail our policy and practices regarding our collection, use and disclosure of information about you. By accessing our Website, you acknowledge that you have read understood this Privacy Policy and the information collection and handling practices outlined in it.

## What information we collect ?

The information we collect helps us personalize and continually improve your experience. We collect Information that you give us with. We receive and store safely any information you enter on our web site, typically when you register on our website or proceed to purchasing our products or services (“Products”). We use the information that you provide us with to respond to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and efficiently communicating with you. We collect automatic information. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain type of information when your web browser accesses our website, or our e-shopping website or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of our e-shopping website on other web sites. You may configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. For example, on Microsoft Internet Explorer you can disable or delete cookies by selecting "Tools/Internet Options". We collect information used in e-mail communications. To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from our e-shopping website if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. We collect Information from other Sources. We might receive information about you from other sources, which are duly authorized by yourself to transfer such information to third parties and add it to our account information. Some of the information that we collect about you can be qualified as "Personal Data" (hereinafter “Information” or “Personal Information”). This means any data related to you directly or indirectly, and which may be used to identify you.

## Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information

We may also collect information, which does not, on its own, allow direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer to our affiliated companies but also to companies and individuals that perform functions on our behalf, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. Here below are some examples of non-personal information that we may collect: \- Non-personal information such as occupation, language, zip code, area code, unique device identifier, referrer URL, location, and the time zone where one of our products is used so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products, services, and advertising; \- Non-personal information regarding customer activities on our website, cloud services and the google store and from our other products and services. This information is used to help us to provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest. For the purposes of this privacy policy, this type of data is considered to be non-personal information; \- Details of how you use our services, including search queries, which may be used to improve the relevancy of results provided by our services. Except in limited instances to ensure quality of our services over the Internet, such information will not be associated with your IP address; \- With your explicit consent, we may collect data about how you use your device and applications in order to help app developers to improve their apps. If we do combine non-personal information with Personal Information, the combined information will be treated as Personal Information for as long as it remains combined.

## Do We Share the Information? 

We do not share Personal Information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of ALCATEL ONETOUCH unless one of the following circumstances applies. ALCATEL ONETOUCH may share Information only with your consent. We cooperate with companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to Personal Information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. We will share Personal Information with organizations or individuals outside our organization if we believe that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: \- Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; \- Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; \- Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users or the public, as required or permitted by law.

## Security and Transparency

We are committed to ensure that your Personal Information is kept and stored securely, and we maintain reasonable physical, technical and organizational measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the Information we collect through our Products and our website. We work hard to protect our company, reputation and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of Information that we hold. In particular: \- We review our Information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorised access to systems; \- We use encryption where appropriate; \- We use password protection where appropriate; and \- We restrict access to Personal Information to our employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations. They may be disciplined or their contract terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. However, these measures do not release you from taking appropriate steps to keep your personal data safe and secure, in particular by avoiding obvious user ID's or passwords, by ensuring that you do not disclose your password(s) or grant any other person access to your user account and your personal data, and any other protective measures applicable. Regarding transparency, our goal is to be clear what information we collect, so that you can make choices about how it is used. If you share your Personal Information through one of our websites or devices with a third party account, such as Facebook, Google +, Twitter, please note that the privacy of your personal information will be managed respectively by one of these third parties. We are not responsible for any damages due to any data loss, damage or infringement that may occur on your third party profiles over which we have no control. Any Personal Information or content that you voluntarily disclose while using our website or devices and which can be viewed by members of third party applications or sites (such as chat areas, in messages), becomes publicly viewable and can be collected and viewed by others.

## Changes

Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review. We keep your Information for a limited duration and only for the purposes defined above. Once the purpose is achieved, all Personal Information is deleted in a safe and secure mode. The current version is dated 1st of June 2015.

## Your rights: Access, Edit, Block

You can access, review and edit your Personal Information at any time by logging into your user account, visiting your user profile or by contacting us directly. Should you require us to edit or delete your personal data, we may ask you to provide us with evidence of your identity before we can act on your request. You can also have your data deleted or blocked, as appropriate, should you believe that your data is inaccurate. For all and any requests as defined above, you may send your request to the following email address: [privacy.europe@alcatelonetouch.com](mailto:privacy.europe@alcatelonetouch.com) Under certain jurisdictions and data protection laws, you may have the right to request details of your Personal Information, which we hold about you or to request the correction or deletion of your Personal Information. Please help us to ensure that the Information that we hold about you is accurate and up to date. If you think that any Information we have stored about you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us at [privacy.europe@alcatelonetouch.com](mailto:privacy.europe@alcatelonetouch.com) or write to our customer services department. All communications are examined and replies are issued where appropriate as soon as possible. If you are unsatisfied with the reply received, you may refer your complaint to the relevant regulator in your jurisdiction. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues, which may be applicable to your circumstances. The present Policy shall be subject to and is governed by the law of the country of your domicile. You can always contact us by phone at the relevant phone number or email for your country.
