> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the reneerouleau.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021206182917id_/http%3A//www.reneerouleau.com/assistance/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# reneerouleau.com | assistance

Renée Rouleau, Inc. knows that every visitor to our website is concerned about maintaining privacy. Therefore, it is our goal to make each visitor feel secure about accessing and using our website. Set forth below is an explanation of what information Renée Rouleau, Inc. collects through the services available on our web site, reneerouleau.com (the “Site”), how we use that information, how you can opt out of certain uses of information we may collect and a description of the policies we have adopted to help meet your privacy concerns. 

  
First, we collect aggregate information about how many users visit our website and what pages they visit. This information is not personally identifiable. We may collect various forms of "click stream" information such as entry and exit points for our Site (i.e., referring URLs or domains), site traffic statistics, page views, impressions, and operating system and browser type. We use the anonymous browsing information collected automatically by our servers to help administer and improve our Site. In addition, when users request pages on our Site, our servers automatically log their IP addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. We use this information to evaluate the general interests and preferences of our website visitors. We may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell, or otherwise disclose or use any and all Aggregate Information, provided that, such information does not personally identify you. When we share such information with other companies, it is not traceable to any particular user, and will not be used to contact you. If we do correlate any Aggregate Information to you, such information will be treated like any other Personal Information under this policy. 

  
This is information, such as your name, address, e-mail address, demographic information, hobbies and activities, product preferences, and the like, which you voluntarily submit to us. Customer Service. ReneeRouleau.com uses this information to respond to specific inquiries and requests that you make to our Customer Service Department, provide you with service and support, and maintain the security and integrity of our systems. If you are agreeable, we may use this information to send you product samples, sale coupons, product literature or new product information. Accounts and Transactions. We also collect and store access information related to your account including guest name and user password. When you make purchases from our Site, we may collect purchasing information such as product orders, shipping address(es), and credit card information. We use this information to open, maintain, administer and service your account or membership, as well as process, service or enforce transactions you make through our Site. Statistical Use. We may use information about you for our own internal statistical, design, operational purposes such as to estimate our audience size; measure aggregate traffic patterns; and understand demographic, customer interest, purchasing and other trends among our guests and customers. Surveys. From time-to-time we may post surveys on our Site. The surveys may request demographic information (such as age range, gender, areas of interest, and familiarity with Renée Rouleau, Inc. channels, products and services) and customer feedback. Participation in these requests is completely voluntary and with each request you will have the choice of whether or not to disclose information. Such survey information will be used to improve the overall experience on reneerouleau.com. Transaction Processing. We may use your Personal Information to create a convenient and easy-to-use shopping process that includes an online "shopping tote" that allows you to track selected products and proceed through purchase. Also we may share transactional information with entities as is necessary to process credit card payments or other purchasing or delivery systems. Business sale. Finally, as Renee Rouleau’s business develops, it may sell or buy corporate assets, and in such transactions customer information may be one of the transferred business assets. If Renée Rouleau, Inc., its Internet businesses, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired, customer information may be one of the assets transferred. Third Party Involvement. We may outsource all of these tasks to third parties on a confidential basis. Additionally, any information you have given us about your demographics and personal and product preferences may be aggregated with other information to help us analyze how to better develop, market, and promote our products. 

  
Reneerouleau.com will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it. Therefore, if you do not want reneerouleau.com to obtain any personally identifiable information about you, do not submit it. 

  
Except as disclosed in this policy, we do not sell or disclose information that identifies our guests personally or makes it possible for other parties to contact them directly without our guests' consent unless we are required to do so by law or as disclosed to you when we request the information from you. Legal Requirement. We may disclose personal information for the following purposes: (1) to conform with the law, respond to claims or comply with legal process served on Renee Rouleau (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); (2) to enforce or apply our policies or agreements (including to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us); (3) to protect and defend our or our user's rights or property, the Site, our employees, guests or the public, including fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of, our Site; or (4) if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay. 

  
We may make use of "cookies" on our Site. Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user's computer by a Web server based on the permissions set in a user's browser software. A cookie itself is not designed or intended to read any information from a user's computer (other than the contents of the cookie); rather, it is an identifier used by the Web site that originally placed it on your hard drive. The actual contents of the cookie information can be retrieved by the same server to identify the computer and subsequently to customize, monitor, or regulate the use of a site based on information stored on the host server. Therefore, cookies only identify the user's computer to the Web site, which may correlate other information, including personally identifying information, with the cookie. We use cookies to allow us to automate access and data entry functions of our Site such as to correlate online ordering information for purchases you may make while at the Site (if any), tailor the Site to your preferences or interests, or customize promotions or marketing. In addition, cookies allow us to track use of the Site to determine those areas which are useful or popular and those that are not, thereby enabling us to improve and update the Site effectively. The advertisers and/or other content providers that may appear on this website may also use cookies that are not sent by the Renee Rouleau website. Such ads or content may contain cookies that help track and target the interests of users of this website in order to present "personalized" advertisements or other messages that the user might find interesting. Renée Rouleau, Inc. is not responsible for any such cookies. You may adjust your Web browsers to either alert you of the use of cookies or refuse to accept cookies entirely. For Internet Explorer or AOL users, you can click on the "Start" button and then select Control Panel, Internet Options and the Security tab. If you click on the "Custom" button, you will be able to see the cookie options. For Netscape users, in the browser, select File, Preferences and then Advanced to view the cookie options. Be aware that if you elect not to accept cookies, the Site may not function properly or permit access. 

  
Our Site may at some pages offer links to other websites. Please note that Renée Rouleau, Inc. has no control over the content or privacy practices of those other websites, and this privacy policy of Renée Rouleau, Inc. does not apply to those sites. We would suggest that you review carefully the posted privacy practices of any of these other websites that you visit. 

  
Our Site is a general audience site that is not designed nor intended to collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. To respect the privacy of children and to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, children under the age of 13 should not provide any Personal Information on this Site. We ask that parents supervise their children while online. 

  
We use commercially reasonable efforts to store and maintain Personal Information to protect it from loss, misuse, alternation or destruction by any unauthorized party. We encrypt order information, including credit card numbers, using industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that our customers' information is safe as it is sent over the Internet to our server. ReneeRouleau.com restricts authorized access to your personal information to those persons who have a legitimate purpose to know that information to provide products or services to you and those persons you have authorized to have access to such information. Please be aware, however, that any email or other transmission you send through the Internet cannot be completely protected against unauthorized interception. 

  
You may view, change or delete information in your ReneeRouleau.com account. Please sign-in to the Site and use the online form at the Your Account page to change or close your reneerouleau.com account automatically. Once you close your account, you will not receive any promotional or marketing materials from us or any third party as described by this policy based on Personal Information you have provided to use through the Site. 

  
Please note that this privacy policy may be updated from time to time. Please check occasionally to see when this policy was last updated. The most recent update of this privacy policy was on August 15, 2002. Please see our Terms of Use for a more detailed legal explanation of our general online policies. 

  
In order to provide service to you, reneerouleau.com will send you communications related to your transactions, security or the administration of its website. From time to time, reneerouleau.com and its affiliates may also wish to send you other messages or updates about reneerouleau.com or its promotions and other activities. If you do not wish to receive non-transaction/security related communications from reneerouleau.com, please send an email containing your request to webmaster@reneerouleau.com 

  
If you have questions about this privacy statement, the information practices of reneerouleau.com or your dealings with reneerouleau.com, please contact us at 1-888-211-7560 or in Dallas at 972-248-6131.
