> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the renotalk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-02-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190223182016id_/https%3A//www.renotalk.com/page/privacy-policy-2) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

Welcome to RenoTalk! RenoTalk is a dedicated renovation platform connecting Singapore’s community of renovators and property owners together. RenoTalk connects you to home and property related products and businesses, home service providers, and other homeowners who are at different parts of their home journey.  
This privacy policy is to help you understand what information RenoTalk collects, how RenoTalk uses it, how it may be shared, and what choices you have. This privacy policy governs the products and services we offer through our website and applications (collectively the “Site” or “RenoTalk”). When you use the Site, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of information about you as described in this privacy policy. Additionally, our Terms of Use are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy. 

**Respecting your privacy and protecting your personal data**  
We collect information to understand your needs better. This helps us to improve our services and the way we communicate with you.  
We know that privacy is important to you and we strive to be as open and transparent as possible in how we serve you.  
We conduct our business in compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) and have implemented additional measures to protect your personal information.  
Our Privacy Policy aims to help you understand how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information.

Ways we collect your personal information  
We may collect your personal information when you:

  * Sign up for our forum
  * Use our network and other products or services
  * Sign up for alerts or newsletters
  * Contact us with a question or request for assistance
  * Participate in a competition, lucky draw or survey
  * Visit our websites

Collection and Use of Information We collect information that you provide us directly or automatically when you use our Site. We may use the information for purposes such as to: provide the Site’s functionality, improve the Site’s quality, personalise your experience, track usage of the Site, provide feedback to businesses and professionals whose products or services are listed on the Site, display relevant advertising, evaluate the success of our advertising, provide customer support, message you (in ways described by this privacy policy and managed by you in your account settings), back up our systems and allow for disaster recovery, enhance the security of the Site, fulfill transactions authorised by you on the Site, and comply with legal obligations. Of further note about the information we collect:  a) Account and Profile Information: When you create an account on RenoTalk, then we collect your name and the contact information you provide. You also will be asked to create a profile on RenoTalk. If you do, your username, any photo you submit, and information you enter into the fields indicated for public display will be displayed publicly on the social network. You can customize some of the information displayed publicly in your RenoTalk profile by going to your account and profile settings. If you feel that an unauthorized account has been created depicting you or your likeness, please contact us at administrator@renotalk.com. You have an obligation to provide us accurate information.  b) Public Content: The information that you post to the Site is intended for public consumption, including your photos, comments, forum discussions, and profile information. By posting on the Site, you agree to permit us to disclose publicly the material you post.  c) Communications: When you join RenoTalk by signing up for an account or creating a profile, as permitted by law, you are opting in to receive emails from us or about RenoTalk. You can manage your email and notice preferences in account settings, but note that you cannot opt out of receiving certain administrative or legal notices from us. Additionally, by joining, you are agreeing to receive feedback and communications from third-parties within the Site, including third-party providers of products or services who may comment on your postings within the Site. If you exchange messages with others through the Site, in accordance with applicable law, we may store them in order to process and deliver them, allow you to manage them, and investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site. RenoTalk may also enable you to connect, at your initiation, outside the Site via your personal email address to third-party providers of products and services who you wish to contact outside of the Site.  d) Transactional Information: If you purchase products within the Site, certain information collected for processing your request, such as your phone number, address, email, and credit card information, may be shared with relevant third-parties in order for them to process your request (but not for their own marketing or other purposes). When you submit credit card numbers, we encrypt that information using industry standard technology and use commercially reasonable security measures to protect it from misuse.  e) Site Activity/Automatically Collected Information: We collect and may store information about your use of the Site, such as your search activity, the pages you view, and the date and time of your visit. We also collect and may store information that your computer or mobile device provides to us in connection with your use of the Site, such as your browser type, type of computer or mobile device, browser language, IP address, mobile carrier, unique device identifier, location, and requested and referring URLs. We use data collected in this way for the purposes of monitoring Site traffic, to improve the Site, and to customise content and advertisements for individual users to enhance their experience of using the Site.  f) Linked Networks and Contacts: You may choose to connect your RenoTalk profile to another network like Facebook and, if you so choose, you will be asked to enable sharing of your contact information from that network to RenoTalk and to enable sharing of your activities on RenoTalk on that network  Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies We, and the third parties we interact with, including our third party service providers, use cookies, web beacons, local shared objects and similar technology in connection with your use of the Site and third party websites (collectively referred to in this policy as "Cookies"). Cookies are small data files that may have unique identifiers, and reside, among other places, on your computer or mobile device, in emails we send to you, and on our Site. We may use Cookies to collect or transmit information about you and your use of the Site or third-party sites such as: your browser type, search preferences, data relating to advertisements that have been displayed to you or that you have clicked on, your interests on our Site and other sites, and the date and time of your use. When we use Cookies, we do so in order to further Site features and processes, provide authentication and security for your transactions on the Site, store your preferences, facilitate relevant advertising, and help us learn more about how users engage with the Site, and understand your activities after you leave our Site. These Cookies may collect data which, taken together, amount to personal data. Our Cookies may be persistent or stored only during an individual session. Please note we do not change system behavior within the Site in response to browser requests not to be tracked.It may be possible to disable Cookies through your device or browser settings. The method for disabling cookies may vary by device and browser, but can usually be found in preferences or security settings. However, doing so may affect your ability to use the Site. If you are not comfortable with the above uses of Cookies, please do not use this Site.[](https://renotalk.com/page/privacy-policy) Sharing Your Information We do not rent or sell your personal contact information (such as your email address associated with your account registration) to third-parties to use for their own marketing purposes. We may share some information about you with third parties in connection with your use of the Site for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Our information sharing with third-parties fall into these categories and purposes:  a) Agents, Contractors, and Service Providers: We may share your information with our agents and contractors or other service providers as needed to carry out the performance and functionality of the Site, fulfill your requests or authorized commercial transactions, or provide customer support.  b) Analytics and Usage: We may share user information in the aggregate, with third parties, such as advertisers, professionals, and business. For example, we may disclose to a business the number of users that have viewed their product. Businesses or professionals that participate on the RenoTalk network may also access usage data associated with your public profile.  c) Third Party Ad Networks: We may use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements on our Site and on third party sites, as well as to assist us in evaluating the effectiveness of our advertising, in accordance with applicable law. These companies use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this Site and other sites in order to provide targeted advertisements to you.  d) Affiliated Entities: We may share information from or about you with subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control, in which case we will require them to honor this privacy policy.  e) Business Transfers: If we are acquired by or merged with another entity, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected about you to the other company.  f) Other Users: Information that you post publicly on RenoTalk (e.g., photos, comments, your profile) will be made publicly available to other users of RenoTalk.  g) Investigations: We may investigate and disclose information from or about you, as permitted by applicable law, if we have a good faith belief that such investigation or disclosure is (a) reasonably necessary to comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us; (b) helpful to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site; or (c) helpful to protect our rights, reputation, property, or that of our users, subsidiaries, or the public.  Account Termination and Data Retention You can close your account at any time by going to account settings. When you close your account, you will cease to provide ongoing or future data to us. Your public profile will be deactivated. However, unless prohibited by applicable law, postings or comments you provided to the forum associated with your public profile prior to closing your account, will remain public. We may retain information about you for the purposes authorized under this privacy policy unless prohibited by law.  Children The Site is intended for general audiences and is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us at administrator@renotalk.com, and we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account. Security We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure – so we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  Links to Other Sites Our Site contains links to other sites that are not controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and read the privacy policies of each and every site you visit. This privacy policy applies only to information collected by our site.

  
 **Your Rights**

·       **Opt-out.** You may contact us anytime to opt-out of: (i) direct marketing communications; (ii) automated decision-making and/or profiling; (iii) our collection of sensitive personal data; (iv) any new processing of your personal data that we may carry out beyond the original purpose; or (v) the transfer of your personal data outside the EEA. Please note that your use of some of the Site may be ineffective upon opt-out. ****

·          **Access.** You may access the information we hold about you at any time via your profile/account or by contacting us directly. ****

·          **Amend.** You can also contact us to update or correct any inaccuracies in your personal data.

·         **Move.** Your personal data is portable – i.e. you to have the flexibility to move your data to other service providers as you wish. 

·        **Erase and forget.** In certain situations, for example when the information we hold about you is no longer relevant or is incorrect, you can request that we erase your data. 

If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us. In your request, please make clear: (i) **what** personal data is concerned; and (ii) **which of the above rights** you would like to enforce. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the personal data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event, within one month of your request. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion.

 **GDPR COMPLIANCE**

With regard to GDPR, please be informed that we do not market or advertise in any way to the countries within EU. If you are visiting (or directed by a third party to) our websites or any online properties from within EU, e.g. via search engine results (or any other means outside of our control), you are encouraged to exit immediately if you are against the collection and retention of your data. If you do not do so, we take it that you understand our explicit declaration here that we do not market or advertise to any countries within EU, and agree that we will not be liable for any consequences from the collection and retention of your data.

 **REMARKETING**

If you do not wish to be included in any remarketing campaign targeting, you may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings or opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.  

 **DIRECT MARKETING**

We respect your privacy and if you do not want us to use your personal data for direct marketing purpose, you can opt-out by clicking unsubscribe link in the promotional email at any time and without charge. However, if you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your membership or regular business relationship as permitted under applicable local laws and regulations.  


If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at administrator@renotalk.com 

Last Updated: 25 June 2018  

