> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rentomojo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150401195052id_/http%3A//www.rentomojo.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy

#### Website Privacy and Policy

This Website Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") applies to information collected by RENTOMOJO through or in connection with the operation of this website (the "Site"). RENTOMOJO understands how important your personal privacy is to you, and we want you to be aware of the kinds of information we collect, how we collect it, how we use it and with whom we share it. When you submit information to us through the Site, you acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. RENTOMOJO may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time by updating the information posted on the Site. Amendments to the Privacy Policy will be effective when posted. You should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Privacy Policy, so that you are aware of any such revisions. 

**1\. The Information We Collect.**   
Personally Identifiable Information. Throughout our website, we have provided Site visitors various forms from which they can request additional information about RENTOMOJO products and services, or from which they can request to speak with a RENTOMOJO customer service representative. On these forms, visitors are prompted to provide their names, contact information and, in some cases, other personally identifiable information pertinent to the request. Non-personally Identifiable Information. Aggregated data are compiled into statistical and demographic information that we use, and may share with others, to show preferences of Site users in the aggregate, but not the preferences of any individual users. If we share this kind of aggregated data with third parties, it will not include a level of detail that would permit a third party to associate an individual user with the user's usage or preferences. We may combine autonomous information with personally identifiable information to identify a user in order to enforce the Website Terms of Use. 

**2\. Use of the Information We Collect.**   
We use the personally identifiable information we collect on the Site to ensure compliance with the website Terms of Use, to offer and render our services and to respond to our users' queries. Personally identifiable information is accessible by our employees, contractors and agents to the extent reasonably necessary for these purposes. In addition, we also use this information to generate a list of email addresses to which we send correspondence from RENTOMOJO Business Services. Such correspondence may include occasional updates about our products and services, invitations to attend RENTOMOJO events and to visit our booths at relevant trade shows and information relevant to any business that you may choose to do with RENTOMOJO. By submitting information to us through the provided forms, you consent to our placing your email address on this "opt-in" list. Except as described in this section, we will not share your personally identifiable information with any third party unless you expressly consent to such disclosure in advance. We use cookies to identify you as a user of the Site, to permit your access to the Site services and to monitor your use of the Site. Cookies are text files, stored in your Web browser, that contain information about you relative to your use of the Site. If you configure your Web browser to disable or block cookies, you will not be able to use the Site services. We have the right to disclose and transfer user lists and related personally identifiable information in connection with any merger, sale or contemplated sale of all or part of our business related to the Site and to treat such information as a business asset in the event of bankruptcy or liquidation. We may also disclose personally identifiable information to a third party if disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, court order and/or other legal instrument, legal proceeding or relevant law; or if there is an immediate, imminent threat to the safety of any person, RENTOMOJO or the Site. 

**3\. Security.**   
We use industry-standard security methods such as firewalls, encryption and system access controls. However, as no computer or network-based product exists that can provide "perfect security," we cannot guarantee that the steps we have taken to secure your information will prevent our systems from being compromised and your information from being disclosed. 

**4\. Modifying Information.**   
If you provide us with personally identifiable information, you are entitled to inspect such information you have provided and that we maintain and to request correction of any error in our records relating to the personally identifiable information that we maintain about you. We use links located in the Site "Help" area to allow you to contact us directly with any questions, comments or requests for inspection that you may have. 
