> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the throwawaymail.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171230041423id_/http%3A//www.throwawaymail.com/en/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ThrowAwayMail.com - Privacy Policy

Please enable cookies.

Privacy Policy Throwawaymail.com understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your information is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits Our Site and will only collect and use information in ways that are useful to you and in a manner consistent with your rights and Our obligations under the law. This Policy applies to Our use of any and all data collected by us in relation to your use of Our Site. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately. Definitions and Interpretation In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings: “Account” means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site; “Cookie” means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in Cookie Policy, the url is given below; “Our Site” means this website, www.throwawaymail.com; “We/Us/Our” Means Throwawaymail.com Scope – What Does This Policy Cover? This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. It does not extend to any websites that are linked to from Our Site (whether We provide those links or whether they are shared by other users). We have no control over how your data is collected, stored or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them. What Data Do We Collect? Some data will be collected automatically by Our Site (for further details, please see Our Cookie Policy (http://throwawaymail.com/en/cookiepolicy.html), other data will only be collected if you voluntarily submit it, for example, when signing up for an Account. Depending upon your use of Our Site, We may collect some or all of the following data: name; date of birth; gender; contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers; demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests; IP address (automatically collected); web browser type and version (automatically collected); operating system (automatically collected); a list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on Our Site, and the site you exit to (automatically collected); How Do We Use Your Data? All personal data is stored securely in accordance with the data protection best practice and in compliance with the laws of Israel. We use your data to provide the best possible services to you. With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you with information, news and offers on Our services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under all relevant laws Advertisers whose content appears on Our Site may engage in what is known as “behavioural advertising” – advertising which is tailored to your preferences, based on your activity. Your activity is monitored using Cookies, as detailed in our Cookie Policy. You can control and limit your data used in this way by adjusting your web browser’s privacy settings. Please note that We do not control the activities of such advertisers, nor the information they collect and use. Limiting the use of your data in this way will not remove the advertising, but it will make it less relevant to your interests and activities on Our Site. How and Where Do We Store Your Data? We only keep your data for as long as We need to in order to use it as described above in section below, and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it. Data security is of great importance to Us, and to protect your data We have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure data collected through Our Site. Notwithstanding the security measures that We take, it is important to remember that the transmission of data via the internet may not be completely secure and that you are advised to take suitable precautions when transmitting to Us data via the internet. Do We Share Your Data? We may sometimes contract with third parties to supply products and services to you on Our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, Our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under the law. We may compile statistics about the use of Our Site including data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales and other information. All such data will be anonymised and will not include any personally identifying information. We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners and advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within the bounds of the law. In certain circumstances We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal information, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with the requirements of legislation, a court order, or a governmental authority. We do not require any further consent from you in order to share your data in such circumstances and will comply as required with any legally binding request that is made of Us. As part of our zero tolerance policy towards abuse of our service, we will not hesitate to comply with any such request. What Happens If Our Business Changes Hands? We may, from time to time, expand or reduce Our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Our business. Data provided by users will, where it is relevant to any part of Our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use the data for the purposes for which it was originally collected by Us. In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will be contacted in advance and informed of the changes. When contacted you will not, however, be given the choice to have your data deleted or withheld from the new owner or controller. What Cookies Do We Use and What For? Please see our Cookie Policy for details. Contacting Us If you have any questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email at [email protected] Changes to Our Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time, or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
