> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thrustmaster.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140618174535id_/http%3A//www.thrustmaster.com/company/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Thrustmaster

Guillemot collects certain information from and about its online users in three ways: directly from the user, from our Web server logs, and with cookies.  
User-supplied information: We do not collect any personal information from you unless it is voluntarily provided. When you submit personal information to Guillemot, it will usually take the form of: (1) product registration; (2) contest registration; (3) registration for participation in a specific event; (4) registration on the Web site; (5) registration when making a purchase at our online store; (6) customer service and technical support; (7) online newsletter; (8) online forum; and/or (9) answer to a marketing survey. The information that we collect may include personal information such as your name, date of birth, email address, phone number, fax number and home address, and system specifications. In addition, we may collect demographic information such as your age, gender, favorite styles of gaming and the systems you own or plan to buy. The accuracy of these items of information helps us to better respond to your needs: we will be able to send you the latest information and special offers, as well as personalized offers for products and services.  
Guillemot also stores the emails that you send us (including personally identifiable information).  
Cookies: Thanks to the information stored in cookies, Guillemot is able to better keep track of users and offer them customized contents and services.   
Cookies are simply pieces of information that are sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not include people's names, email addresses, or other information that is personally identifiable; they are typically used to quickly identify a user's computer and to "remember" things about the user's visit. The use of cookies is relatively standard on Web sites. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can configure your browser either to notify you when you receive a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. You should be aware, however, that certain areas of this Web site may not function properly if your browser does not accept cookies.  
Guillemot also keeps tracks of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for safety and security reasons. An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you connect to the Internet.  
Server log information: Guillemot’s Web site, like many other sites, passively collects and records Server Log Information that records Web site activity, including how many "hits" a particular web page is getting. These entries are generated anonymously and are not associated with any particular user, computer or browser.  
You should also bear in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online (by email or via the forums, for example), your information can be collected and used by others. Although Guillemot strives to protect your personal information, Guillemot cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. You are also solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords that you set up and/or any account information.

**What happens if I refuse to provide my personal information?**  
Your refusal to submit personal information may limit our ability to process your online product registration, contest registration, purchase via our online store, request for technical support, or other online activities or services. However, you do not need to provide personal information to Guillemot in order to access the Web site and enjoy its contents.

**How will my personal information be used?**  
We use information according to three different categories:  
User-supplied information: Guillemot may use your personal information to answer your request for information, regarding a purchase or for technical support. This information may be used to personalize responses and to verify the identity of the user. After receiving your consent, Guillemot may also use this information to send you advertising or promotional materials, including information about special rebates, promotional offers and other information of interest.  
We also use your personal information for our internal marketing, technical or demographic studies, in order to better respond to your needs and to offer better products and services.  
Cookies: Guillemot uses cookies to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience on the Web site. To do so, the cookies that we use may record non-personally identifiable information pertaining to your preferences for viewing particular Web pages. We may also use cookies to help us in analyzing trends, tracking users’ behavior, and gathering broad demographic information for aggregate use.  
Server log information: This information allows Guillemot to assess overall site activity, track interest in advertised sales, and troubleshoot technical problems. We also use Server Log Information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, allowing us to constantly improve the services that we provide to you. Server Log Information is used internally only.

**With whom may Guillemot share my personal information?**  
From time to time, we are approached by companies and organizations which provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you, and subject to your authorization, we may share your personal information with such third parties. Guillemot allows you to discontinue your authorization to share your personal information at any time.  
We see this as a value-added service helping you to find useful products or services. We strive to limit use of the information that you provide to those offers which we feel you would appreciate receiving. If you do not wish to receive information from third parties, you must opt out at the time you are asked for your authorization.

However, we never share personal information that we receive online from minors (children under 18) with other companies apart from those belonging to the Guillemot Group (Guillemot’s affiliated marketing, R&D and technical support companies).

**How can I access my personal information and choose how my personal information is used?**  
If you submit personal information to Guillemot, we may send you a confirmation email confirming your new account and/or service. The message will be sent to the address that you have provided to us, and will remind you that you can access your personal information to make changes to your account. Remember to keep the confirmation email, as it will also contain information that will help you in case you run into problems accessing our services. If for any reason you wish to view, correct or delete the personal information collected about you, please send an email to: [privacy@thrustmaster.com](mailto:privacy@thrustmaster.com). If you do not want Guillemot to send you communications about special rebates or promotional offers, you may opt out from receiving these communications at the time your authorization is requested, or by contacting us via email. In addition, along with every communication sent to you, Guillemot gives you the opportunity to discontinue receiving future communications.

**Does Guillemot collect personal information from users under 18?**  
Minors under 16 years of age must not submit personally identifiable information to the Web site. We do not collect such information from users under 16 years of age.  
With regard to users over 16 but less than 18 years of age (hereinafter "Teenagers"), we provide a questionnaire that is limited in terms of the information that we collect. However, in some cases it is necessary to collect personally identifiable information from Teenagers to provide them with answers to their request for information, regarding a purchase or for technical support, or to allow them to participate in online promotions and other activities.  
Parental consent: Guillemot is committed to protecting children’s privacy. Guillemot encourages parents to visit the Web site with their children, to monitor their children's use of the Web site, and to help us protect their privacy by instructing them never to provide personal information (family name, address, telephone number(s)…) without your permission, when using the Internet. Guillemot believes that it is good policy not to collect more personally identifiable information from Teenagers than is necessary for them to participate in our online activities, promotions or services. Users less than 18 years of age should not submit any information to this Web site without a parent or legal guardian's consent.  
Parental access: A parent acting on behalf of his or her child and/or a parent who has given Guillemot permission to collect his or her child's information can, at any time, do the following: (1) view, correct or remove the child's personal information; (2) discontinue further use of the child's information and communication with the child; and/or (3) revoke his or her earlier consent to collect the child's information. To do so, please contact us via email at the following address: [privacy@thrustmaster.com](mailto:privacy@thrustmaster.com). In your email message, please be sure to include the email address that your child used to register.

**How does Guillemot protect my personal information?**  
Access to some services and contents is protected by a password, which you must not divulge to anyone. Guillemot will never ask you for your password by way of a phone call or by email. You must never disclose your user name and password to others. In addition, you should remember to sign out of your account at the end of each session. If you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet café, remember to close your Web browser when you are done with your visit, to prevent anyone else from accessing your personal information or correspondence.  
To protect your personal information, Guillemot maintains appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information you have provided. Our Web site has security measures in place to protect the user from loss, misuse or alteration of the information under our control. Personal information collected by Guillemot is stored in secure operating environments which are not accessible to the public (secure rooms with restricted access, for example). To prevent unauthorized electronic access to personal information, Guillemot maintains information collected online behind a firewall-protected server and uses encryption.  
In addition, we take reasonable steps to ensure that third parties who may collect and/or use personal information on our behalf provide sufficient protection of personal information.  
This Web site may contain links to third party Web sites. Guillemot is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites. For more information, please consult the privacy policies of the relevant Web sites.  
By using this Web site, you consent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, you must stop using the Web site. We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy, so please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any changes in our information collection practices. Your continued use of the Web site signifies your acceptance of these changes.

General Terms and Conditions of Use  
The terms of this Online Privacy Policy are incorporated into our general Terms of Use. Please review our Terms of Use at:
