> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sutree.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-10-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071011041212id_/http%3A//www.sutree.com/content.asp%3Fi%3D4) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SuTree - free video 'how to' lessons and tutorials

**Su Tree** is the property of "e-learning - knowledge solutions" and a group of private investors. **Su Tree** is committed to make every effort to protect the privacy of its customers, visitors, users, and others who use (collectively, the "Users") www. **Su Tree**.com (collectively, the "Website"). The following Privacy Policy includes information regarding the use and disclosure of Users' information that is collected on **Su Tree**. This Privacy Policy is presented here in order to help our users decide if they wish to use or continue using **Su Tree**. 

Your use of the **Su Tree** and any personal information you may provide to **Su Tree** remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. 

By using, accessing the Website or uploading content to the Website you agree to the collection and use of your personal information (as hereunder described), in accordance with the terms and conditions set in this Privacy Policy and in the Website's Terms of Use.   
**Su Tree** has the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and without notice, and it is the Users responsibility to review this Privacy Policy for any changes. Your use of the Website following any change of this Privacy Policy will be considered as your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms.   
Important notice: any link, video clip, image, or other content posted by Users onto **Su Tree** becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable 

**Collection and Use of Information**

  * Users are requested to provide certain personally identifiable information (such as name and email address) to **Su Tree** when choosing to participate in various activities such as: adding links, uploading videos, commenting in the on a video, taking advantage of promotions, participating in surveys, subscribing to newsletters or other activities that require registration. 
  * When you visit the **Su Tree**, cookie or cookies - small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - may be sent to your computer. These cookies uniquely identify your browser. We use both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are temporary and disappear after the browser is closed.   
Persistent cookies - cookies that remain in your computer after you close the browser - may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Website.   
It is possible to reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, please note that some features of the Website may not function at all or not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. 
  * When you use the **Su Tree**, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit the Website, known as: Log File Information. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request etc. **Su Tree** may collect or receive this log file information. 
  * The information that is collected by **Su Tree** is used to operate and improve the features, content and offerings presented to you by the Website, to personalize the content and advertisements provided to you; to communicate with you; to conduct research about your use of the Website etc. 
  * Important notice: **Su Tree** may use your personally identifiable information to present offers to you on behalf of business partners and advertisers. However, any personally identifiable information of yours will not be shared with third parties unless you have consented to the sharing of this information, and our business partners and advertisers may only receive aggregate data about **Su Tree**'s users. 
  * Notwithstanding the foregoing, Users' personal information may be accessed and disclosed if and as required by legal procedures. Furthermore, **Su Tree** may transfer personally identifiable information in the event of a transfer of ownership of the Website, in which case the information could become subject to a different Privacy Policy. 
  * Any personal information or video content that you voluntarily disclose online (on discussion boards, in comments etc.) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. Your nickname (not your full name or your email address) will be displayed to other Users when you add links, upload videos or comments to videos. 
  * We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent. 
  * You might be given the opportunity to receive offers from third parties which are not affiliated with **Su Tree**. Should you decide to accept these offers, we will provide, with your consent, your information to the third party. However, please note that any information users give to another party is governed by the rules of that party's Privacy Policy, which may differ from our Privacy Policy. **Su Tree** will not be responsible for information given to other parties. Please review their privacy policies prior to providing any information to third parties 
  * We may use Web beacons - electronic images, also known as single-pixel gifs that allow us to count users and to deliver co-branded services. Newsletters and promotional e-mail messages from **Su Tree** may also include theses Web beacons. This helps us count how many messages have been opened and acted upon. Some of our Web pages may also contain Web beacons placed there by our advertising partners to help us determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information, rather they are used to compile aggregated statistics about our Web site usage. 

**Data Security**   
We are committed to use reasonable physical and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. Nevertheless, it is impossible to ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to **Su Tree** and you do so at your own risk. In case we find a security systems breach, we may notify you electronically or post a notice on our site so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) you should notify us using this contact form 
