> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stacksocial.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171119034902id_/https%3A//stacksocial.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | StackSocial

### Privacy Policy

**1\. Introduction.** The operator of this website, StackSocial, Inc. (hereafter, "StackCommerce," "we," "us" or "our") is committed to protecting the privacy of its users – namely, those individuals who navigate and use this website (hereafter, collectively referred to as "Users," "you" or "your"). This Privacy Policy applies to your use of and access to all StackCommerce websites (including, stacksocial.com, stackcommerce.com, citizengoods.com) and any affiliated publisher websites and sub-domains (collectively referred to hereafter as, "the website" or "our website") and your use of any of the services offered through our website, including, but not limited to, product sales and marketplace, promotional offers, information resources, forums, reviews, ratings and blogs (collectively, the "Services"). We collect information about you through our website in an effort to improve your experience and to communicate with you about our services, contests and promotions offered by our website. As described in this Privacy Policy, we may share your information internally, and under certain circumstances, with third parties that provide services on our behalf or with whom we have partnered to offer a particular service. 

Please note that StackCommerce is not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites (even if we offer links to third party websites at our website) and they are under no obligation to comply with this Privacy Policy. Before visiting another website and before providing any information to the party that operates or advertises on that third party website, Users should review the privacy policy and practices of that website to determine how information that they collect from users will be handled. Please further note, depending on a User's particular interaction with our website (e.g. Users who solely navigate our website versus Users who create an account and use the Services at our website), different portions of this Privacy Policy may apply to users at different times. 

StackCommerce reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. If we change any portions of its Privacy Policy, which we may do at any time without notice to you, the changes will be updated on this Privacy Policy page and Users should periodically review our Privacy Policy page for any such changes. 

**2\. Your Agreement.** Your use of our website or Services evidences your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE WEBSITE'S [TERMS OF SERVICE](https://web.archive.org/terms). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE. 

**3\. Information We Collect and How We Use It.** There are a number of services offered by this website that do not require you to register for an account or provide any personally identifiable information to us, such as viewing products, articles and reviews and information about our Services. However, in order to access certain Services, we may require you to register and/or create an account with us and collect the following types of information of personally identifiable information from you: e-mail address, full name, shipping address, and billing information if a purchase is made. For certain services, such as purchasing products, we also request credit card or other payment account information (including PayPal account information) which we maintain in encrypted form on secure servers. (All of the foregoing personally identifiable information shall be referred to hereafter as "Personal Information.") 

We may combine the Personal Information you submit under your account with information from other StackCommerce Services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our Services. 

You can elect to provide all or only some of the Personal Information requested by the website during the registration process. However, if you decline to provide certain Personal Information, you may not be able to register for an account or access certain benefits of the Services (including certain deals, offers or opportunities offered by third party websites which are conditioned upon certain eligibility requirements). 

StackCommerce may offer you the option of registering an account with us by logging in with an accounts you have established with certain third party sites (e.g. Facebook.com and Google.com) (hereafter, the "Outside Account"). By logging in via the Outside Account, you are granting StackCommerce the right to access, utilize and store (if applicable) information (including Personal Information) tied to your Outside Account in connection with the Services. Depending on the Outside Accounts you choose and subject to the privacy settings that you have set in such Outside Accounts and on your account with StackCommerce, the information you make accessible via your Outside Accounts (including Personal Information) will be available to StackCommerce and on and through your StackCommerce account. 

We use email to communicate transactional information regarding purchases and suggest promotions and giveaways We believe are relevant to you. We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us if your computer or device supports this type of functionality. StackCommerce uses this confirmation to help Us make emails more interesting and helpful, and to improve the Website and Our services. When You receive e-mail from StackCommerce, you can opt out of receiving further e-mails by following the included instructions to unsubscribe. 

In addition to using your Personal Information to provide the Services, we may also use this information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including the website's Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. In addition, we reserve the right to audit your eligibility or to audit user accounts for possible fraudulent activity. 

Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific User. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website you visited before coming to the Website, the URL of the website you visit after leaving the Website, the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, occupation, language, unique device identifier, approximate geographic location, and the time zone. We, and/or our authorized third party service providers and advertisers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our Website through the use of electronic tools like cookies and web beacons or pixel tags or location based capabilities on your mobile device. We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Website, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized third party service providers and advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming. In certain limited instances, we may combine certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information with other identifiers in order to confirm your identity as part of the registration process for the Website. For example, we may combine an approximate geographic obtained from a User's mobile device and match it with address information the User voluntarily submitted to the Website in order to confirm the User's identity and prevent fraudulent conduct. Notwithstanding, this information would still be considered Non-Personally Identifiable Information when it is taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, the type of web browser used by the User). 

Cookies – As noted above, when you visit our website, we send one or more cookies – a small file containing a string of characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking user trends, such as how people search. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some StackCommerce features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. 

Log information - When you use the Services of our website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. 

Do Not Track Signals from Web Browsers – Our website is not presently configured to respond to DNT or "do not track" signals from web browsers. 

User communications - When you send email or other communication to StackCommerce, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. 

Third Party Websites – We offer some of Services in connection with goods, services and deals offered by web sites operated by third parties which are not operated or controlled by us (hereafter, "Third Party Websites"). Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to StackCommerce in order to deliver Services. While any information we process obtained through the Third Party Websites in accordance with this Policy, the Third Party Websites have their own privacy practices and your interactions with the Third Party Websites will be subject to the privacy policies of the Third Party Websites. As such, we strongly recommend that you review their privacy policies before undertaking such interactions. We do not exercise control over Third Party Websites displayed as search results or links from within our website and these Third Party Websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. 

Links – StackCommerce may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our search technology, customized content and advertising. This Privacy Policy applies to our website and Services. 

**4\. No Collection of Children's Personal Information.** Persons under the age of 13 may not use the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13, and no part of the website is designed to attract anyone under the age of 13. Because we do not intentionally collect any information from children under the age of 13, we also do not knowingly share or disclose such information to third parties. Minors between the ages of 13 and 18, need their parent's permission before using our website and the Services. Some promotional offers on our website may be subject to further age limitations. If you have reason to believe that a child under 13 years of age has provided us with information, please contact us at legal@stackcommerce.com and we will take appropriate action under applicable law. We reserve the right to delete any information we believe to be in violation of this Privacy Policy. 

**5\. Other Sharing of User Information.** StackCommerce only processes Personal Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information about Users (collectively referred to hereafter as "User Information") for the purposes described in the Privacy Policy and/or privacy notice for specific services. In addition to the circumstances described above, StackCommerce may also share, release and/or disclose User Information to outside parties in the following circumstances: 

We may share your information with Authorized Third Party Service Providers. We provide certain Services through third party service providers. These "Third Party Service Providers" perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails. We may share User Information with such Third Party Service Providers to remove repetitive information on customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, process credit card payments, operate the website, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies ("Affiliates") with whom we have business relationships and may share your information with Third Party Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. However, we do not grant these entities any rights to use and contractually restrict them from using any information for any purpose other than providing service to us and you. 

We also use Third Party Service Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our Users to administer our Website and constantly improve its quality. Please note that this is not Personal Information as defined above, only general summaries of the activities of our Users. Such data is collected on our behalf, and is owned and used by us. 

We may share your information in a Business Transfer. As with any other business, we could merge with, or be acquired by, another company, or we may file for protection under applicable bankruptcy laws in the future. In such event, User Information obtained and maintained by our website, including Personal Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information, will transfer to a successor entity in connection with the corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change. User Information submitted prior to any such transfer would remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy (as it existed on the date of the submission). However, User Information submitted after a transfer to a successor entity may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity. 

We may share your information for our Protection and the Protection of Others. We reserve the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use or other agreements; or investigate, prevent, or take action suspected or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to, fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or to prevent financial loss to any person or entity; or otherwise protect the rights, property or safety of our website, its Users or others. 

Please contact us at the address below for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data. 

**6\. User Information Security.** We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. 

We restrict access to personal information to StackCommerce employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. 

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with service providers which do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from our website, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information. 

Account Information and other password-protected areas of our website can be accessed only with a valid user name and password. Each password owner is responsible for keeping the password confidential and safe, as StackCommerce has no control or responsibility for this type of User Information. If the password may have been stolen or might otherwise be misused, it is the responsibility of the subject User to notify StackCommerce immediately for further action. 

**7\. No Liability.** We have made every effort to use industry standards in regards to information security. However, we do not guarantee that any such information will not be misused or disclosed to third parties. We will not have any liability to you for any such misuse or disclosure. If you choose to purchase a product or service offered by another company, any information you share with that company will not be controlled by this Privacy Policy, you do so at your own risk, and we have no liability to you. 

**8\. Public Areas of Our Website.** We may provide areas on the website where you can publicly post information about yourself, can communicate with others such as discussion boards or blogs, or can review products, and submit media content. By engaging in such conduct, you acknowledge your understanding that any such information you supply may be accessible by other consumers and companies and may appear on other websites or web searches, and therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others throughout the world. For example, if you post your email address along with a product or service review, you may receive unsolicited messages from other registered users. We have no control over who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so please use caution when posting any personal information. 

**9\. Consent.** By using our website or Services, you consent to the collection and use of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

**10\. Data Integrity.** StackCommerce processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary. 

**11\. Accessing and Updating Account Information.** When you use our Services (including creating an account through our website), we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Some of our services have different procedures to access, correct or delete users' personal information. We provide the details for these procedures in the specific privacy notices or FAQs for these services. 

**12\. Enforcement.** We regularly review our compliance with this Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or our treatment of User Information by contacting us at legal@stackcommerce.com. When we receive formal written complaints at this address, it is our policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between us and an individual. 

**13\. Legal Disclaimer.** We operate our website "AS-IS" and "AS-AVAILABLE," without warranties of any other kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding conflicts of law principles. Any legal actions against us arising out of or related to our website or Services must be commenced in the county of Los Angeles in the state of California in the United States of America. 

**14\. For Users Outside of the United States Only.** Our website is hosted in the United States. If you are a User accessing our website from the European Union, Australia, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, you are transferring your personal data to the United States which may not have the same data protection laws as such other regions. By providing User Information to our website, you are consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and maintenance in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the website's Terms of Service. You are also consenting to the application of United States law in all matters concerning our website and/or Services. 

**15\. For California Residents Only.** California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. In general, this information would include a list of the categories of Personal Information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which the business disclosed and shared information in the preceding calendar year. To make such a request, please write to us at the following address:  
StackCommerce - California Privacy Rights  
Legal Department  
21 Market Street  
Venice, CA 90291  


**16\. Miscellaneous**

We welcome your questions, comments and requests for additional information regarding privacy of the Service. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of or your dealings with our website, please email us at legal@stackcommerce.com or write to us at:

StackCommerce, Inc.  
21 Market StreetVenice, CA 90291 

You accept and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service. 
