> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the staffingindustry.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141114085000id_/http%3A//www.staffingindustry.com/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy / Home - Staffing Industry Analysts

  


## Introduction

This is the Privacy Policy of Staffing Industry Analysts, a business unit of Crain Communications Inc (“Crain”). We have developed this Privacy Policy to advise you about the information we may collect about you and our possible uses of this information, and to inform you about how to modify your marketing preferences. Your use of our products to which this policy is linked (including but not limited to our written publications, Web sites, events and conferences, mobile and digital applications) (collectively, the “Crain Products”) indicates to us that you have read and accepted our Privacy Policy and our Terms & Conditions of Use.

Crain is headquartered at 1155 Gratiot Avenue, Detroit, MI 48207. We can be reached by e-mail at [memberservices@staffingindustry.com](mailto:memberservices@staffingindustry.com) or by telephone at 1-800-950-9496.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Crain and the Crain Products.  Specifically, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any non-Crain Web sites, including those linked to or advertised on a Crain Web site. Any information you provide when you visit other Web sites, use other social networking, digital or mobile products or services, etc., will be subject to the privacy policies of those publishers or vendors.

This Privacy Policy is subject to change. When we make any material change to this Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting a notice on the home page of this site and by changing the date on this page noting when the Privacy Policy was last updated.

## Collection and Use of Information

 _Information You Provide_. When you subscribe, register, participate in conferences or webinars, use online or mobile applications, participate in social networking, enter contests or surveys, make purchases or at other times, we collect and store personally identifiable information from you that may include your name, postal and e-mail addresses, credit card information, facts about your profession, company and responsibilities and information regarding your computer system.

Information collected about you may be used by us and our affiliates and partnering third-party companies to provide you with the features of the Web sites, to enable us to provide the products you requested, to personalize content and advertising, to send you e-mail notifications about our services and products, for audits, to perform statistical analysis of user behavior in order to measure interest in the various areas of our site (such as for product development purposes), to enforce our user agreement and to inform advertisers as to how many users have seen or "clicked" their advertising banners. We will disclose site usage information to third-parties only in aggregate.

 _Information from Third Parties_. We may from time to time obtain data about you from third-parties such as business partners, mobile carriers or other companies. If you use your login credentials from a social networking site (“SNS”) to use a Crain Product, we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions of the SNS.  We may use any data from a third party to include you in our database(s) or append it to existing user data to add more detail to the information we have about you.

 _Cookies_. For each visitor to this Web site, our web server may automatically attempt to identify the user through a cookie set within your browser. This is done to provide access to the site. From time to time we may also track information, in aggregate, on pages and features that users access or view. The activity is collected and stored in our server's log files. We may log Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. We use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to the Web site. Our email alerts utilize tracking technology that allows us to see how many newsletter e-mails are opened and the e-mail address of users who have clicked on a given story, feature or advertisement. We use this information for internal purposes to measure the aggregate number of people who view a given newsletter item.

We may also set cookies to your computer to allow subscribers and users to store login information, set personalization and navigate easily through the site. Through the use of additional cookies or technology, we will have the ability to track users by their behavior profile and geographic location for the purpose of pushing advertising that matches their interests and/or specific location. We may, and may enable our advertisers to, collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications, wireless access protocol services or mobile phone service.  We, or the service provider, will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service. By using such service, you hereby consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your location information as described.

 _Third Party Advertisements_ **.** We may use third-party advertising service vendors to serve advertisements on the Crain Products. These vendors may use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited. In doing so, these vendors may collect non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other clickstream data. The use of cookies, web beacons or similar technologies by these advertising service vendors is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours, and we disclaim all liability in connection therewith. To learn more about third party online advertising and to opt out of this type of advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative Web site or [www.aboutads.com](http://www.aboutads.com..%20/).

 _Other Disclosures of Your Information_. We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Crain Products; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions). In the event that the relevant Crain Product is acquired by or merged with another company, we may transfer information about you to the successor entity.

From time to time, we may make information about you available to carefully selected third-parties to send you information through e-mail or postal mail about their products or services. Additionally, when you participate in SIA conferences, webinars or other events, we may share information about you with event sponsors. If you prefer not to have your personal information disclosed to third-parties for direct marketing purposes, please send an e-mail stating this preference and including your full name and e-mail address to **[memberservices@staffingindustry.com](http://www.staffingindustry.com/Miscellaneous/Unsubscribe-Request)** or you may call 1-800-950-9496.

 _Opt-Outs_. You may change/correct your preferences or personal information at any time online via the Web site of the relevant Crain Product. You may also contact us at the above e-mail address or phone number. We retain the right to contact a subscriber or registered user regarding account status, orders for products or services, changes to the registration agreement or to enforce our subscription agreement.

We will remove any registrant (and their personal information) from our database pursuant to a request from the registrant, including full name and e-mail address, to **[memberservices@staffingindustry.com](http://www.staffingindustry.com/Miscellaneous/Unsubscribe-Request)**. You may not be able to fully access a Crain Web site or other product if you request removal of your personal information.

 _Mobile Consents/Opt-Outs_. We may provide you messages, including marketing, via your wireless email address or by short message service, wireless access protocol services or mobile phone service. By providing us with you wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS, WAP or mobile phone service, you consent to receiving services and messages at the address or number you provide for such purposes, and understand that your wireless carrier’s rates apply to these services/messages. You may opt-out of SMS, WAP or mobile services by sending an e-mail stating this preference and including your full name, mobile telephone number and e-mail address to **[memberservices@staffingindustry.com](mailto:memberservices@staffingindustry.com)** or by you calling 1-800-950-9496 (note that your wireless carrier’s rates may apply to these messages/calls).

 _California & Canadian Users_. Under the California “Shine The Light” law, California residents may opt-out of the disclosure of personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes.  As detailed above, you may contact us for such information or to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by sending an e-mail stating this preference and including your full name and e-mail address to **[memberservices@staffingindustry.com](http://www.staffingindustry.com/Miscellaneous/Unsubscribe-Request)** or you may call 1-800-950-9496.  Please note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes.

 _Children_. The Crain Products are not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. Crain does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13.

 _Non-US Users_. This Web site is operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provided to us will be transferred to the United States. By using our Web site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.

 _Data Security_. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable technical and administrative controls to help protect the information. Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while Crain uses reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, Crain cannot guarantee its absolute security.

If you have any questions or concerns about the substance or implementation of this Privacy Policy, please contact the Crain Communications Inc Legal Department at [privacyhelp@crain.com](mailto:privacyhelp@crain.com) or 313-446-6000. 

_Policy Last Updated: April 2013_
