> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stageagent.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180217065139id_/https%3A//stageagent.com/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | StageAgent

StageAgent.com Privacy Policy

On behalf of Estage Enterprises, Inc., dba StageAgent.com (referred to as "StageAgent," "StageAgent.com," "us" or "we"), we welcome you to StageAgent.com (the "Site"). We recognize that your privacy is important. This Policy discloses the privacy practices for the Site, and also covers how personal and other information that we receive or collect about you is treated. Please read the information below to learn the following regarding your use of the Site. You further acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is designed to be read in conjunction with our Terms of Use and that by accessing or using the Site, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use, as well as this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy we will post the revised Privacy Policy on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through the Site after such modifications will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified Policy, and your agreement to abide and be bound by the Policy. If you have any questions, please contact us by sending an email to info@stageagent.com.

IMPORTANT: BY USING THE SITE AND/OR OFFERINGS AVAILABLE ON THIS SITE, YOU GIVE YOUR CONSENT THAT ALL PERSONAL DATA THAT YOU SUBMIT MAY BE PROCESSED BY US IN THE MANNER AND FOR THE PURPOSES DESCRIBED BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE THE SITE.

1\. Types of Information We Collect Generally, we may collect information that can identify you such as your name and email address ("Personally Identifiable Information") and other information that does not necessarily identify you (“Aggregate Information”). We may collect this information through our website or mobile application. By using the Site, and registering a Member Account you are authorizing us to gather, parse and retain data related to the provision of the Service. Largely, we may collect two types of information about our users: (a) Personally Identifiable Information and (b) Aggregate Information:

(a) Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”): This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. We may collect and store any PII you provide while using our Service and/or Site or in some other manner. This may include identifying information, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number, and, if you transact business with us, financial information. You may also provide us photos, videos, a personal description and information about your gender, and location which may be shared with other users and/or Member of StageAgent.com. You may also voluntarily provide other PII, whether or not specifically requested by us, by voluntarily supplying your own details through the “Contact Us” form, or by posting publically viewable comments on the Site. You agree that we may collect any PII voluntarily supplied by you, whether or not we have requested it. You must not submit any PII relating to a third party which you do have permission ffrom such third party to provide to us. We do not knowingly collect any information relating to third parties which you do not have permission to provide. Please note, that when you engage in certain activities on our Site, such as sending us a message through a “Contact Us” form, we will ask you to provide certain PII.

You may register a Member Account using an existing third-party social media or network account including, but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, or Google+ (hereinafter “Third-Party Account”) If you do so, you authorize StageAgent access to certain information from your Third-Party Account, such as your public profile, your email address, interests, likes, gender, birthday, education history, current city, photos, personal description, friend list, and information about and photos of your friends and/or connections who might be common friends and/or connections with other StageAgent users. Moreover you allow StageAgent to post content onto your Third-Party Account. You will also be asked to allow StageAgent to collect your location information from your device when you download or use the Service.

(b) Aggregate Information: This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We gather certain information about you based upon where you visit on our Site and what other Site may have directed you to us. This information includes, but is not limited to; information about your computer's IP address; technical information about your computer or mobile device (such as type of device, web browser or operating system); your preferences and settings (time zone, language, privacy preferences, product preferences, etc.); the URL of the last web page you visited before coming to one of our site; the buttons, controls and ads you clicked on (if any); how long you used StageAgent and which services and features you used; and your online or offline status of StageAgent. This information, which is collected in a variety of different ways, is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the Site’s Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that points to the site you just came from, which URL you go to after visiting our Site, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address.

2\. How We Collect and Use Information We do not collect any PII about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain PII to us when you elect to use certain services available on the Site, such as requesting that we contact you by sending us a message through a “Contact Us” form on the Site. We will primarily use your PII to provide information and service offerings to you. We will also use certain forms of PII to enhance the operation of our Site, improve our internal marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyze Site use, improve our information offerings, and customize the Site’ content, layout, and services. We may use PII to deliver information or service offerings to you, and to contact you if you request that we do so. Finally, we may use your PII to enforce our agreements with you, including our Terms of Use, and this Privacy Policy.

We may also collect certain Aggregate Information. For example, we may use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers, software, to administer our Site and to gather demographic information. If your web browser emits “do not track” signals, or you use other mechanisms that provide you the opportunity to prevent the collection of PII or Aggregate Information about your online activities, we honor these signals or mechanisms by refraining from collecting information about you.

3\. Cookies Depending on how you use our Site, we may store cookies on your computer in order to collect certain aggregate data about our users and to customize certain aspects of your specific user

experience. A cookie is a small data text file which is stored on your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. Cookies may also include more personalized information, such as your IP address, browser type, the server your computer is logged onto, the area code and zip code associated with your server, and your first name to welcome you back to our Site. We may use cookies to perform tasks such as: monitoring aggregate Site usage metrics, storing and remembering your passwords (if you allow us to do so), storing account and advertising preferences that you have set, and personalizing the Services we make available to you. However, we do not use cookies to track your browsing behaviors.

Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some aspects of the Site may not function properly if you elect to disable cookies.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/).

We partner with Conversant to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. Conversant may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit [http://www.conversantmedia.com/legal/privacy](http://www.conversantmedia.com/legal/privacy) .

4\. Release of Information We will not sell, trade, or rent your PII to others. We do provide some of our service offerings through contractual arrangements made with affiliates, service providers, partners and other third parties ("Service Partners"). We and our Service Partners may need to use some PII in order to perform tasks between our respective site, or to deliver services to you. For example, we use Service Partners to assist us in delivering our electronic newsletters and communications to you; collecting PII voluntarily submitted by you through our “Chat” feature; and to analyze Aggregate Information. The use of your PII by our Service Partners is governed by the respective privacy policies of those providers and is not subject to our control.

Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Any other site accessible through our Site, including those of our Service Partners, have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.

Other than our Service Partners, we do not allow third parties to collect PII or Aggregate information about you or your online activities when you use our Site.

Occasionally we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide PII to the appropriate governmental authorities. In such cases, we will disclose PII upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.

5\. Updating and Correcting Information We believe you should have the ability to access and edit the PII that you have provided to us. You may change any of your PII in your account online at any time through your Member Account Toolbox, or by e-mailing us at info@stagagent.com. Please include your name and email address when you contact us. We encourage you to promptly update your PII if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, some information, such as past transactions, logs of technical support calls, or other information may not be deleted. In

addition, it may be impossible to completely delete your information without some residual information because of backups.

6\. Your California Privacy Rights Upon your request, California Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the “Shine the Light” law, requires us to provide to you (a) a list of your personal information, if any, which we have disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, and (b) the names and addresses of those third parties. You may make such a request once per calendar year, and we will provide the information to you free of charge. Please send any requests made pursuant to this section to us by e-mail at info@stageagent.com. However, as defined under Section 1798.83, we do not currently share any personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.

7\. User Choices on Collection and Use of Information We may, from time to time, send you e-mail and/or newsletters regarding information or services that we feel may interest you. Only StageAgent (or agents working on behalf of StageAgent and under confidentiality agreements) will send you these notifications. If you do not want to receive correspondence from us, you can "opt-out" by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each correspondence. You also have choices with respect to cookies, as described above. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies some parts of our Site may not work properly in your case.

8\. Security of Your PII At StageAgent.com you can be assured that your PII is secure as we strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of your PII. For example:

• We work hard to ensure that the data we collect is reliable, accurate, complete and current. We use PII only for the purposes for which it was collected or to comply with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or document retention requirements.

• We limit access to PII only to specific employees, Service Partners, contractors and agents who have a reasonable need to come into contact with your information.

• Additionally, we also employ a number of physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect PII. Our secure servers and our data centers are protected by encryption, and our servers reside behind firewalls and password protection.

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your PII, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through the Site cannot be guaranteed.

You should also be aware that when Personally Identifiable Information is voluntarily disclosed (i.e. your name, email address, etc.) by you in the comments you post on the Site, that information, along with any information disclosed in your communication, can be collected and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages (including unwanted spam messages) from third

parties. Such activities are beyond our control and this Policy does not apply to such information. Please consult our Terms of Use for policies regarding user-provided information.

9\. Children's Website Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is provided to you in conformity with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA"). COPPA requires that we notify parents and legal guardians and obtain consent from parents and legal guardians before we can collect, use and/or disclose personal information from children less than thirteen (13) years of age.

PLEASE NOTE, STAGEAGENT DOES NOT SOLICIT PERSONAL INFORMATION DIRECTLY FROM CHILDREN LESS THAN THIRTEEN YEARS OF AGE NOR DO WE KNOWINGLY COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN LESS THAN THIRTEEN YEARS OF AGE WHO MAY VISIT OUR SITE, AND WE DO NOT WANT TO INCLUDE AN SUCH INFORMATION IN OUR MEMBER DATABASE. ANY INFORMATION SENT TO US IS GIVEN BY PARENTS OR GUARDIANS AND SERVES THE PURPOSE OUTLINED ON OUR WEBSITE.

CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 18 MUST BE SIGNED UP BY THEIR PARENTS OR GUARDIAN AND THESE PARENTS OR GUARDIAN MUST PROVIDE THE IDENTIFYING INFORMATION TO US THEREBY IMPLICITY GRANTING STAGEAGENT PERMISSION TO COLLECT SUCH INFORMATION.

A parent, guardian or caregiver who has a question about our Privacy Policy as it applies to children may contact us at info@stageagent.com.

10\. Contact Us If you have any questions, concerns or inquiries about our Privacy Policy, or our use of your PII, or our privacy practices, please contact us by e-mail at info@stageagent.com.

11\. Effective Date. This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 10, 2015.
