> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the standardpacifichomes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150615133557id_/http%3A//www.standardpacifichomes.com/corporate/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Standard Pacific Homes

Standard Pacific Corp. Privacy Policy Effective January 14, 2014

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING ANY PART OF THE WEBSITE 

**1\. Overview.** Standard Pacific Corp. (the "Company") recognizes and respects the privacy of the users of this website (the "Website"). The following privacy policy, as modified from time to time by us as described below (this "Policy"), tells you about the information that the Company collects through this Website, how we use that information, and how you can opt out of certain uses of information we may collect. Your access and use of the Website, constitutes your understanding and acceptance of, and agreement to this Policy and the information collection and use practices described herein. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not access and use the Website. 

Please note that this Policy applies to all information collected on this Website by the Company, but does not apply to Personal Information (as defined below) and Financial Information (as defined below) that may be separately collected by our mortgage affiliate, Standard Pacific Mortgage, Inc. ("Standard Pacific Mortgage"), which has its own privacy policies. However, this Policy does apply to certain Personal Information and Financial Information that we share with Standard Pacific Mortgage, as described below.

**2\. Amendments to Privacy Policy**. The Company reserves the right to amend this Policy from time to time in its sole discretion, and will post and maintain the most recent version of this Policy on this Website. The Company will not notify its Website visitors or customers of any amendments by e-mail or other personal contact. Instead, you are responsible for reviewing this Policy upon each visit to the Website, and then you can determine if this Policy has been revised since your last visit by referring to the "Effective" date at the top of this document. 

**3\. Information The Company May Collect About You.** We collect the following types of information on the Website: 

"Personal Information" is information that is used by the Company to identify you individually, including, but not limited to, first and last name, home or other physical address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other like identifiers that permit physical or online contacting of a specific individual. 

"Aggregate Information" is information that does not contain Personal Information or from which Personal Information has been removed. Aggregate Information includes, but is not limited to, information about use of the Website, such as pages visited on the Website,  "click stream" information such as entry and exit points for our Website (i.e., referring URLs or domains), site traffic statistics, page views, impressions, and operating system and browser type. Aggregate Information also includes users' IP addresses when they request pages on the Websites, which are numbers that are automatically assigned to a computer whenever you are surfing the Web. 

"Financial Information" means financial information collected when loan or home purchase prequalification is requested, including, but not limited to, employment information, Social Security Number and information about your credit history, income, expenses and assets. 

The actual information we collect from you depends on the services you use on the Website. The following is a more detailed explanation of some of the types and uses of information we collect in regard to particular services.

Email Services. If you provide us with your email address and opt in to any email notification features that the Company may now have or may develop in the future, you may receive email from time to time from the Company. Each email you receive from the Company will contain a subscriptions management link in the email, namely, an "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email message which will provide you the opportunity to opt out of receiving future communications from the Company by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link and following the unsubscribe instructions. 

Information Request Forms. The Website contains various request forms that allow you to request information, products and services and to submit resumes to the Company. For instance, we may collect information such as your preferences regarding location, size and price of a new home. 

Your Favorites. The "Your Favorites" feature on the Website requires you to register by providing your email address. Once registered, you can input and save your preferences regarding location, size, price and other features of a new home, and then log in to your account during future visits to the Website to learn about any developments or updates related to your preferred homes. We may also send you email notifications of such developments or updates. 

Prequalification Form. If you would like to request a preliminary determination of the potential amount of credit you might qualify for towards the purchase of a new Standard Pacific home, you may complete and submit the Prequalification Form on the Website. The Prequalification Form is not an application for a mortgage loan and is not a commitment to lend.  The form requests a variety of Personal Information and Financial Information, including your name, email address, phone number, social security number, employment information, and information about your income, expenses and assets. Information collected is used for the purposes of loan prequalification by Standard Pacific Mortgage, an affiliate of the Company, in accordance with the authorizations you provide.  The Company may also, with or without the assistance of Standard Pacific Mortgage, use this information to assess your ability to qualify for a loan and to purchase a home.  The Company does not require you to use Standard Pacific Mortgage to finance the purchase of your home.

Surveys. From time to time, we may collect information through online surveys, questionnaires or information requests on the Website. These surveys may request demographic information (such as age range, gender, areas of interest) and customer feedback. Participation in such surveys, questionnaires or information requests is voluntary and with each request you will have the choice of whether or not to disclose information. We may use such survey information to analyze the Website and to improve users' overall experience on the Website. 

Administrative Purposes. We may collect and use information that identifies you personally when you submit comments, questions or suggestions through the Website. For example, if you submit questions to webmaster@stanpac.com or submit information requests we will use the information you provide to respond to you. We also may collect and use your information to contact you when necessary for other administrative purposes. If you do submit comments, questions or suggestions through the Website, please do not include confidential Personal Information or Financial Information in such requests. Such e-mail will be maintained in accordance with our corporate e-mail and document retention policies.

Resumes. If you submit your resume to us or complete a form related to a job opening on the Website, we may use the information to contact you, in our sole discretion, or we may store it in our files in a manner consistent with the way we store other information related to job applications.

Live Chat.  If you engage with our Live Chat personnel, we may collect and use Personal Information and information regarding pages visited on the Website to assist you.  Participation in Live Chat is voluntary.

**4\. Disclosure of Your Personal, Aggregate, and Financial Information.**

Personal Information. The Company will not sell or disclose your Personal Information to third parties except as set forth below. 

Consultants. From time to time the Company engages consultants that may need access to the information we collect to perform their services for us, such as administering our mailing lists. We require that our consultants keep Personal Information confidential and not disclose it to third parties, and use it only in accordance with the service agreement between the Company and such consultant. Such consultants may include survey consultants, consultants that assist us with our website and other technology issues, and data collection consultants which may supply us with information regarding the websites visited by you and others.

Transaction Processing. When you complete an information request form or otherwise indicate to us that you want us to provide you with a product or service (such as a request to be included in mailings about our future projects or a request for loan prequalification), we maintain and store the data needed for you to receive the products or services you have requested as set forth in Article 6. Security.  We may also share such information with our affiliated companies (including Standard Pacific Mortgage or any of our homebuilding affiliates) or master developers of neighborhoods that might interest you. 

Legal Requirements. We may disclose your Personal Information and/or Financial Information if required to do so by law, pursuant to subpoena or if we believe that such action is reasonably necessary to: (a) conform with the law, respond to claims or comply with legal process served on the Company or the Website; or (b) protect and defend our rights or property, including the Website, our employees, guests or the public. 

Company Sale. Because information collected through the Website is a trade secret and asset of the Company, we may disclose or sell such information (which can include Personal Information and Financial Information) in the event we entertain the sale of the Company or some or all of its assets. 

Employment. If you submit a resume or other information to us in connection with a job opening at the Company (or any of our affiliates or subsidiaries), we may disclose or transfer Personal Information and any other information you or other job applicants regularly submit to employees and consultants involved in the recruiting and hiring of job applicants.

Remarketing. The Company collects "Aggregate Information," as defined above, about you and your use of the Website whenever you visit the Company online, including entry and exit points for our Website and users' IP addresses.  We may provide such Aggregate Information about you and your use of the Website to partners or vendors, such as Google, who may use such information to show advertisements for us and our services when you visit other Internet websites.  The Company may make use of "cookies" (as defined below) on the Website to collect information about you and provide this information to third parties to provide you advertisements based on your visits to the Website.  Information about opting-out for the use of cookies by Google and other websites may be found at [www.google.com/ads/preferences/](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/).   

Financial Information. If you complete the Loan Prequalification Form, the Company will disclose any Financial Information that you have submitted to our mortgage affiliate, Standard Pacific Mortgage, in order to process your request for loan prequalification, and/or to preliminarily assess your financial ability to purchase a home.  The Loan Prequalification Form is not an application for a loan, and you are not required to use Standard Pacific Mortgage for the financing of your home. 

Apart from the loan prequalification form, no portion of the Standard Pacific Mortgage application process for a mortgage takes place on or through the Website. Mortgage applications are currently accepted in Standard Pacific Mortgage's sales offices. In connection with the submission of a mortgage application, Standard Pacific Mortgage will provide the applicant with a written copy of Standard Pacific Mortgage's own information privacy statement, which will describe the collection and use of the applicant's Personal Information and Financial Information. 

**6\. Cookies.** The Company may use "cookies" on the Website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user's computer by a web server based on the permissions set in a user's browser software. A cookie itself is not designed or intended to read any information from a user's computer (other than the contents of the cookie); rather, it is an identifier used by the website that originally placed it on your hard drive. The actual contents of the cookie information (including Personal Information you have entered on the Website and Aggregate information (such as information regarding the pages visited on the Website)) can be retrieved by the same server to identify the computer and subsequently to customize, monitor, or regulate the use of a site based on information stored in the cookie and the host server. Cookies allow the Company to automate access and data entry functions of the Website such as login information, correlate online ordering information for purchases, tailor the Website to your preferences or interests, or customize promotions or marketing, including advertisements on other Internet sites as described above and marketing of our services. In addition, cookies allow us to track usage of the Website to determine which areas are useful or popular and which are not, thereby enabling us to improve and update the Website effectively.  You have the ability to accept or decline the use of cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Website.

**6.** **How We Respond to a "Do Not Track" Signal from Your Browser.**   Do Not Track (DNT) is a still-not-yet finalized standard by which Internet users may choose to control the collection of personally identifiable information about the user’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.  Currently, various browsers offer an option that relies on a technology known as a DNT header, which sends a signal to websites visited by the browser user about the user's DNT preference. You can usually access your browser's DNT option in your browser's tools or preferences.  To learn more about Do Not Track, please click [here](http://allaboutdnt.com/)

Internet industry groups and regulators have been working to develop a uniform standard for how websites and online services should respond to browser DNT signals. No consensus has been reached on the final standard, and without an industry standard for DNT, users cannot know how any given website responds to a browser DNT signal. 

The Company takes privacy and security very seriously.  However, due to the absence of a browser DNT signal standard, and the lack of a consensus on how websites should interpret a DNT signal at this time, the Company currently does not respond to browser DNT signals.

**7\. Security.** The Company uses reasonable efforts to protect Personal Information and Financial Information collected through the Website from access, loss, misuse, alteration or destruction by any unauthorized party. If you submit Financial Information through the Website where requested, such information will be collected through a secure internet connection using reasonable commercial security measures. Once collected through the Website, we protect Personal Information and Financial Information with a firewall.  We also encrypt Financial Information collected through the Website and transfer it through a virtual private network (VPN) to the internal servers of Standard Pacific Mortgage where it is unencrypted.  No security system, or system of transmitting data over the Internet, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, while we undertake commercially reasonable efforts to protect Personal Information and Financial Information collected through the Website, we cannot guarantee the security of Company servers, the means by which information is transmitted between your computer and Company servers, or any information provided to us or to any third party through or in connection with the Website.

 

**8\. Breach of Security**. In the event of a breach of our information system security that may compromise your unencrypted Personal Information or Financial Information, we will  notify you of such breach at the e-mail address that we have on file for you pursuant to any applicable data breach notification laws. We reserve the right to reasonably delay such notification as may reasonably be necessary as part of any internal investigation or law enforcement efforts related to such breach.

**9\. Outside Links.** While on the Website, you may be referred to websites other than the Company's Website. A link from the Website to such a third party website does not imply endorsement of that website nor any ability to control that website's privacy practices. Be aware that third party websites may collect data and personal and financial information and operate according to their own privacy practices. Therefore, you should carefully review the privacy policies of third party websites before submitting any Personal Information or Financial Information to them. 

**10\. Opting Out, Removal of Personal or Financial Information and Contacting Us.** To opt out of receiving information or to unsubscribe from any specific email service, you can (a) click on the subscriptions management link in the email, generally an "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email message which will provide you the opportunity to opt out of receiving future communications from the Company by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link and following the unsubscribe instructions, as set forth in Article 3. Email Services, or (b) log into your Website account and manage subscriptions from within that account. The subscriptions management process allows each Website user to remove themselves from individual types/categories of communications or to unsubscribe from all communications.

If you have questions or concerns about this Policy, or the accuracy of any Personal Information or Financial Information we have collected and are holding about you, please contact us at webmaster@stanpac.com or at Standard Pacific Corp., Attn: Website Privacy Policy, 15360 Barranca Parkway, Irvine, California 92618. You may request removal of your Personal Information and Financial Information from our system(s) by contacting webmaster@stanpac.com. We will comply with your request except to the extent we are required to maintain your information in accordance with our document retention policies or applicable laws or regulations. If at any time you feel that the Company has not adhered to this policy, please contact us at webmaster@stanpac.com or at Standard Pacific Corp., Attn: Website Privacy Policy, 15360 Barranca Parkway, Irvine, California 92618. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond promptly to your concerns.

Copyright © 2014 Standard Pacific Corp. All rights reserved.

Expand all
