> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the standup2cancer.org privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180108155111id_/https%3A//www.standuptocancer.org/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Stand Up To Cancer — Privacy Policy

## PLEASE READ. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT AND THE WEB SITE TERMS OF SERVICE.

_**Privacy Policy**_

Stand Up To Cancer, understands your concerns about privacy and your interest in knowing how your information is used and safeguarded, and we want to provide you with more information on these topics.  This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes the practices, policies and procedures related to our website located at [http://www.su2c.org](http://www.su2c.org/), (the “Website”), including the types of personal information we collect on the Website, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it.  This Website is operated by Stand Up To Cancer, a program of the Entertainment Industry Foundation (jointly hereinafter referred to as “SU2C,” or “we” or “us”).  Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to SU2C online information-gathering and sharing practices occurring on the Website, and does not apply to i) any of our practices conducted offline, or ii) to our web store, which is governed by a different policy, or iii) to any of Entertainment Industry Foundation’s other program websites.  By visiting this Website, you are accepting the practices, policies and procedures described herein, and you are further indicating that you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not visit or use any of the links on this Website.  We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. The date this Privacy Policy was last updated is stated at the end of this document. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at [support@su2c.org](mailto:support@su2c.org).

**SUMMARY**

The notifications provided by this Privacy Policy include:

• What personally identifiable information we collect from you through the Website.  
• How we use the information we collect.  
• With whom the information may be shared.  
• What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of your information.  
• The kind of procedures we employ in an effort to hinder the unauthorized access, use or disclosure of information you provide to us.  
• Information related to third-party websites.  
• How you can make changes to the information we collect about you.  
• The laws that apply to those accessing our Website from outside of the United States.  
• How you can learn about changes to our privacy policies, practices and procedures.

**THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

**Personal Information You Provide And How It Is Used:** You may freely visit our Website anonymously and without being required to provide us with any personal information. However, certain services, requests and features do require that you provide us with some personally identifying information (including, but not limited to, name, address, email) as more particularly described below; availing yourself of any of these services, requests and features is voluntary. Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact you. Except in the case in which we are collecting information related to “third-party honorees,” which may include the type of cancer they were inflicted with, we do not knowingly collect sensitive personal information, such as information about medical or health conditions. Except in regard to such third-party honorees, please do not send confidential information to us directly through this Website, or by email to any of the contact email addresses listed on this Website. 

_Join Us:_ If you want to join SU2C, you will need to provide us your email address and zip code, and in doing so you will be opting to receive our email newsletters and other communications.  You may unsubscribe from these emails or modify your “email preferences’ previously selected at any time by using the link provided in the footer of all such emails. Automatic “system-generated” emails will provide a link to the SU2C “account management portal” where you will be able to manage your email subscriptions.  Email recipients may also contact us via email and we remove their opt-in status in Blackbaud; this suppresses all future emails.  
Donate:  If you make a donation through the Website via any of the “donate” options we provide, you will be asked to provide certain personally identifying information, such as your name and home address, as well as your credit card billing information, in order to process the donation. The credit card information that you provide at the time of donation is used only to process your donation and will not be stored or used for any other purpose.

_Volunteer:_ We provide you the opportunity to volunteer in your community. If you choose to volunteer, you will be required to provide us your name and phone number, and you will also have the option to provide us your phone number and home address. 

_Blogs:_ We provide you the ability to comment on our blogs.  In order to leave a comment on one of our blogs, we ask that you provide your name and email address; you can also request to be notified of follow-up comments. 

_Email Newsletter:_ If you opt to receive our newsletter, we will ask you to provide certain personally identifying information, including your email address, first and last name, home address and country of origin.  Depending upon what you subscribe to, you may receive emails on a variety of subjects.  You may unsubscribe from these emails or modify your “email preferences’ previously selected at any time by using the link provided in the footer of all such emails. Automatic “system-generated” emails will provide a link to the SU2C “account management portal” where you will be able to manage your email subscriptions.  Email recipients may also contact us via email and we remove their opt-in status in Blackbaud; this suppresses all future emails.

_Contact Us:_ If you contact us through the contact form option on the Website, we will ask that you provide your name and email address, and you will have the option to provide additional information in your communication with us.  We will use the information you provide to contact you back and to respond to any requests. 

_Club Application:_ If you want to start a school club to support SU2C, you will be required to complete an application form, and you will asked to provide a variety of personal information, including your name, phone number and school, as well as, if applicable, provide some personally identifying information about other individuals that may be involved with the club.   
Fundraising Proposal: If you choose to submit a fundraising proposal, you will be required to complete an application form, and you will be asked to provide a variety of personal information, including your name, phone number, company title and address.

_Honorary Online Fundraising:_ If you choose to fundraise online on SU2C’s behalf – by either launching your own fundraising page, launching a team fundraising page, or joining an existing fundraising team - you will be asked to provide a variety of personal information including your name, phone number and address.  
_  
Special Promotions and Purchases:_ From time to time, we may offer users the opportunity to participate in sweepstakes, contests and surveys (“Special Promotions”). If you choose to participate in these Special Promotions, you will need to provide personally identifiable information, such as name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, and date of birth. Your information may be collected by SU2C or by a third party, such as a co-sponsor or a vendor involved in, or providing services in connection with, a Special Promotion.

_Shop:_ Please note that if you opt to purchase something from our web store (located at [http://www.shopsu2c.org](http://www.shopsu2c.org/) or from a link on our Website) all the information you submit will be subject to the privacy policy of our third-party vendor, Delivery Agent.  Therefore, we recommend that you read the privacy policy prior to making a purchase so that you are informed of Delivery Agent’s privacy policies, practices and procedures.

**Non-Personal Information We Collect by Automated Means And How We Use It:** We also collect certain non-personal information (data in a form that does not support direct association with any specific person or individual) by automated means when you visit the Website.  Much of this information is collected through the use of third-party tracking services, which includes Google Analytics and Crazy Egg, as examples. The information collected may include usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of users to the Website, pages visited, web browsing histories, online purchases and searches, social networking activities and similar data. If gathered, this data is used in the aggregate, and not in a manner that is intended to identify you personally. This type of aggregate information may be shared with third parties at any time.  We also use “ad pixels” and/or “trackers” that follow a user from an ad placement to specific website use/activities. We also use “UTM” or similar tracking URLs to track visits across sites and to some of our partner sites.  While we do not “serve” ads and advertisements on our Website, we do use a Google site search tool that will serve ad based upon your searches.  In addition to these aforementioned third-party tracking services, we also collect non-personal information through various other means, including “cookies,” “web beacons” and IP addresses, as further explained below. 

_Cookies:_ We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. A cookie is a piece of information that a web server may place on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are used for a variety of reasons, including to improve a user’s website experience.  Many cookies last only through a single website session, or visit. Others may have an expiration date, or may remain on your computer until you delete them.  There are a variety of types of cookies.  SU2C uses “performance cookies” in order to enhance the user experience and for other website related purposes.  These cookies collect information about how our Website is used, including which pages are most viewed, how long someone stays on a webpage, and whether any error messages were received.  “Functionality cookies” may also be utilized; these cookies allow the Website to remember information you have provided in order to provide a more customized experience.  Neither session cookies nor functionality cookies are linked to personally identifiable information.  We may also use “required cookies,” which provides us the ability to store a user name or related login credentials so that you do not have to provide this information every time you return to our Website. Please note that these required cookies will be associated with the personal information that you provide.  Although you are always free to opt out from providing such information to us, the result is that you may not be able to avail yourself of some features of our Website. 

Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. However, as mentioned elsewhere, without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all the features, functionality and resources available on our Website. Please note, that in some cases, SU2C may also use another company to operate web servers for our Website.  SU2C uses the cookie information gathered by these companies in the same manner as stated in this Privacy Policy.

_Web Beacons:_ Certain pages on the Website contain “web beacons” (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). These web beacons allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third party. Web beacons also may be used to track whether you have opened an HTML email. When the email is opened, a part of the code that makes up the HTML page calls a web server to load the web beacon that then generates a record showing that the email has been viewed. Web beacons may also recognize when the email was opened, how many times it was forwarded and which URLs (links within the email) were clicked. We use Web Beacons to better understand your behavior, tell us which part of the Website you have visited and to save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are instructed not to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our activities.

_IP Addresses:_ When you visit and interact with the Website, SU2C and third parties with whom we have contracted to provide services for us may collect Internet Protocol addresses (each an “IP Address”), as well as browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and page navigation. An IP Address is a unique identifier number that certain electronic devices use to identify and to communicate with each other on the Internet; your Internet Service Provider automatically assigns an IP Address to the computer that you are using.  We gather this information to track website visitor movement in the aggregate, and to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Our goal in gathering this information is to learn how our customers and the public are using our service. We may use this information to enhance our Website or for other lawful purposes.  Additionally we also use IP addresses to identify a users location and, when appropriate, to redirect them to a country-specific website. 

_Do Not Track:_ Every time your computer sends or receives information over the Web, the request begins with some short pieces of information called “headers.”  These headers include information like what browser you are using, what language your computer is set to, and other details. The Do Not Track technology provides individual users with the ability to include a simple, machine-readable header indicating that they don’t want to be tracked, and sends a signal to Web sites’ visited requesting that the website disable either its tracking or cross-site user tracking of an individual user. Currently, various browsers – including Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, Opera and Safari – offer a “do not track” option.  Presently, there is no consensus on how Do Not Track should be interpreted, and no common or accepted industry standard for implementing.  Consequently, please note that SU2C’s Website does not currently respond to browsers’ Do Not Track signals, and as such your activities will be tracked, regardless of whether you have opted to enable the Do Not Track option offered by your browser.

**HOW WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION**

We may disclose all of the information (described herein) that we collect, as stated in this Privacy Policy including in accordance with the terms set forth in this section. SU2C works with a variety of third-party partners in order to allow us to make the Website available to you, to host and store the information we collect from you, and to provide certain functionality and features, such as to process payment/donation transactions.  Such partners with whom we may share information include, but are not limited to, Blackbaud, Inc., Payflow Pro, Elavon and Amazon.  We may also work with third-party fundraising partners, and in such cases we will share your personally identifiable information.  We may also use the personal information that we collect to customize emails, including in relation to the actions you may have taken or your location.  Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not reveal personally identifiable information about you to third parties for their independent use unless: (1) you expressly authorize SU2C to do so, (2) it is necessary to allow SU2C and it’s service providers or agents to provide services on SU2C’s behalf, (3) in order to provide products or services to you, (4) it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing or data aggregation services for SU2C, (5) it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of SU2C or the merger of SU2C into another entity or any consolidation, share exchange, combination, reorganization, or like transaction in which SU2C is not the survivor, (6) otherwise as SU2C is required or permitted to do so for any or all of the following reasons: (i) to comply with a subpoena, legal process, government request or any other legal obligation, (ii) to prevent, investigate, detect, or prosecute criminal offenses or attacks on the technical integrity of the Website or our network, and/or (iii) to protect the rights, privacy, property, business, or safety of SU2C, their partners and employees, the visitors of the Website, or the public.

Also, please note that if you opt to make a donation in connection with SU2C’s promotion with American Airlines in which donors receive AAdvantage® bonus miles in return for their donation, SU2C will share the information we collect from you - including your name, email address, American Airlines AAdvantage account information, and your donation amount – with American Airlines.

**CHILDREN’S PRIVACY**

We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors less than 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you while accessing/viewing this Website.  If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at [su2cprivacy@standup2cancer.org](mailto:su2cprivacy@standup2cancer.org) and be sure to include in your message the same user name and password and/or e-mail address that your child submitted, if applicable.                . 

**THIRD PARTY WEBSITE**

We also provide links to – and share functions with - a variety of third-party social media sites – such as Facebook, Twitter - and other websites as a service to you or in order to provide you additional information related SU2C or additional venues in which you can learn about and discuss the activities of SU2C.  Please note that we have no affiliation with these other parties, and cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection, use, and disclosure practices of such third parties; we encourage you to review and understand their privacy practices and policies, if any, before using providing any personally identifying information to them.  We are not responsible for the content or information of these websites, any products or services that may be offered through advertisers or third parties, or any other use of the linked website. 

**HOW WE ATTEMPT TO SAFEGUARD YOUR INFORMATION**

We maintain – and ask that any third-party partners who may store information on our behalf to maintain - administrative, technical and physical safeguards for the Website designed to protect your personal information against theft, loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personal information that we collect from you.  We restrict access to personal information collected about you on the Website to our employees, our affiliates’ employees, those who are otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy, or others who need to know that information to provide services to you or in the course of conducting our business operations or activities. However, no website, application or transmission can guarantee security. Thus, while we have established and maintain what we believe to be reasonable procedures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of personally identifying information obtained through the Website and we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.  When you respond to one of our blogs, or link to one of our social media venues, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. For example, if you list your name and email address in a blog posting, that information is public.  Please take care when using these features or visiting these other sites. Therefore, you hereby understand, acknowledge, and agree that you transmit certain personal information over this Website at your own risk.

**YOUR INFORMATION AND YOUR CHOICES**

To the extent required by law, we provide you with (i) reasonable access to the personally identifiable information you provide to us, and (ii) the ability to review, correct and delete such personally identifiable information. If you believe that any of the personally identifiable information that you have submitted through our Website is no longer accurate, or you wish to make any updates or changes, you may do so by logging into the account you had created when registering (if applicable).  If you do not have an account with us, you can request that we make the changes by emailing us at [su2cprivacy@standup2cancer.org](mailto:su2cprivacy@standup2cancer.org).  Upon appropriate request we will update or amend your information, but we reserve the right to use any information previously obtained to verify your identity or take other actions that we believe are appropriate and lawful. We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. Please note we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed from such locations. Finally, we are not responsible for removing or deleting information from the databases of third parties (such as service providers) with whom we have shared information about you.

**USE OF THE WEBSITE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES**

We do not represent or warrant that the Website, or any part thereof, are appropriate or available for use in any particular geographic location. If you choose to access our Website, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules, and regulations applicable in your jurisdiction. Please note that the Website is hosted in the United States and is governed by United States law. If you are visiting the Website from outside the United States, please be aware that your information will be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Website, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.

**PRIVACY QUESTIONS AND CONTACTING US**

If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us at [su2cprivacy@standup2cancer.org](mailto:su2cprivacy@standup2cancer.org)                    .

**CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY**

We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check back regularly to see if there have been any changes to this policy, which you can determine by reviewing the Effective Date listed below. By continuing to use the Website after those changes become effective, you consent and agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. 

**PRIVACY POLICY EFFECTIVE DATE**

This Privacy Policy is effective as of September 7, 2016.
