> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the standardprocess.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150615060452id_/https%3A//www.standardprocess.com/policy/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Standard Process - Privacy

###    
Privacy Policy

Last Updated on 02/13/2015

* * *

Standard Process Inc. (“Standard Process”) shares your concerns about privacy on the Internet. In order to better protect your privacy, Standard Process has provided this notice explaining its online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This Privacy Policy applies solely to the information that Standard Process collects on its website, www.standardprocess.com, (“Website”) and does not apply to information that Standard Process may collect by any alternative means or media.

####  Standard Process’ Collection and Use of Your Information

In the course of using the Website, Standard Process may ask users for their name, email address, postal address, mobile or other telephone number, fax number, care provider’s name, and payment information, as well as other relevant information. Health care providers will be asked to provide information specific to their clinics, such as clinic name, address, telephone number, and website URL. Standard Process may also collect account registration information, including usernames, passwords, and answers to security questions. In many cases, users choose the amount of information they supply. There may be instances in which some of the information that we ask users to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. In such cases, if users do not provide mandatory personal information with respect to a particular activity, users will not be able to engage in that activity. Standard Process also may collect certain information that is not personally identifiable when you visit many of our Web pages, such as the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider, aggregate data about the number of visits to the Website, and/or aggregate data about the pages visited. Information gathered through the Website may be transferred, used, and stored in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions in which we, our agents, customers, and other users of the Website are located, and by accessing the Website, you consent to the transfer, use, and storage of your information in those jurisdictions.

####  How Standard Process Uses the Information

Standard Process uses the information that is not personally identifiable (“Aggregate Data”) to improve the design and content of the Website and to enable Standard Process to personalize your online experience. Standard Process may use the Aggregate Data to analyze Website usage as well as create services and/or products to fit your needs. Also, Standard Process may share this Aggregate Data with Standard Process’ related entities, advertisers, partners, and/or other third-party vendors. Standard Process shall own such Aggregate Data and may maintain copies of such as part of its records.

Except as otherwise indicated, Standard Process uses the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you provide about yourself: (a) to process and fulfill your order(s) for products; (b) to respond to any of your inquiries or questions about our products and/or services; (c) for internal marketing purposes; (d) to provide you with additional and updated information, materials, and other advertisements regarding Standard Process products and/or services; (e) to offer you other materials and/or information that Standard Process believes may be of interest to you; (f) to cooperate with government officials or parties in litigation under process of law, to prevent a crime, or as otherwise required by law; (g) to enforce or apply the Patient Direct Health Care Professional Agreement Terms or the Patient Direct Agreement Term for Patients or protect the security or integrity of the Website; (h) to protect against fraud, identity theft, or a threat of safety or destruction of property; (i) to protect against legal liability; (j) to create and manage user accounts; (k) to process payment; (l) to communicate with the user’s health care provider regarding the user’s use of the Website; and/or (m) to perform data analyses and/or research (including de-identification and aggregation of Personal Information). Standard Process will share user product order information, including the items and quantities ordered, with the user’s health care provider who recommended the product(s). In all cases, however, Standard Process’ agents, employees, and contractors who have access to Personal Information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Furthermore, Standard Process encourages all its business partners to adopt and adhere to standards of protection consistent with this Privacy Policy. Standard Process will not use the Personal Information, except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, without your permission; provided, however, Standard Process shall own all such Personal Information and may maintain copies of such as part of its records. If you do not wish to receive marketing materials or advertisements regarding Standard Process products, please contact Standard Process in the manner identified in the “Opt-Out” section below. The Aggregate Data and Personal Information may be disclosed, transferred, assigned, licensed, distributed, and/or sold as part of Standard Process or its assets. In addition, if Standard Process becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, Standard Process or its trustee in bankruptcy may disclose, sell, assign, license, or otherwise transfer such information in a transaction approved by the appropriate court.

####  Children

The Website is not intended for children under the age of 13. Standard Process does not knowingly collect personal information from users under 13 years of age. In the event that Standard Process becomes aware that it has collected personal information from a user under 13 years of age, it will take steps to delete such information from its database.

####  California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

If you are a California resident and use our website or app, you are entitled to request certain information regarding our disclosure of certain “personal information” (as defined in California Civil Code Section 1798.83) to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and have provided us with personal information within the last year, you may make such a request by emailing us at info@standardprocess.com and typing “California Privacy Rights” in the subject line of the email.

Within 30 days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. A request may be made no more than once per calendar year and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the email address above.

####  Opt Out

You may choose not to receive marketing materials or advertisements regarding Standard Process products by simply notifying Standard Process directly at info@standardprocess.com or at 800-848-5061. Upon receipt and processing of an “opt out” request, Standard Process will, within a commercially reasonable amount of time, remove your information from any future unsolicited marketing communications and advertisements. Your request not to receive marketing materials or advertisements will not apply to information that you request to receive.

####  Security, No Liability

Standard Process has implemented security measures to help protect against the risk of loss, misuse, and alteration of any information under Standard Process’ control. Nevertheless, such security measures may not prevent all loss, misuse, or alteration of information on the Website, and Standard Process is not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such security failures. Although Standard Process takes reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of any visitor information collected, we shall have no liability for disclosure of any visitor information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties. Email is not a secure form of communication. Please do not send us your Social Security number, credit card number, or other personal information via email. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet or over mobile networks is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to and from our Website or over mobile networks; any transmission is at your own risk. You understand that data and communications, including email and other electronic communications, may be accessed by unauthorized third parties when communicated over the Internet. Furthermore, the Website contains links to other websites that do not belong to Standard Process. Standard Process is not responsible for nor can Standard Process ensure the privacy practices or content of such other sites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to those other websites.

####  IP Addresses and Cookies

Like other websites, Standard Process uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with Standard Process’ servers, to administer the Website, and for security purposes. “Cookies” are pieces of data sent from a Web server through a Web browser, which writes a file on your computer. This file enables a Web server to identify users that visit a site hosted by that server. Standard Process may use Cookies in order to identify you to the Website so that Standard Process can provide more customized information and services to you. In addition, the Website may contain advertisements that may contain Cookies. In general, if you choose, you can disable the use of Cookies by reviewing your browser’s preferences and options. Disabling the use of Cookies will make some portions of the Website inoperable.

####  Modification of Privacy Policy

Standard Process may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy on the Website. Your continued viewing of or use of the Website following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments.

####  How to Contact Standard Process for Any Reason

You may contact Standard Process with questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, to update any Personal Information, or anything else related to Standard Process and/or the Website at info@standardprocess.com or at 800-848-5061.
