> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the startuphire.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141217043402id_/http%3A//www.startuphire.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# StartUpHire - Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting this StartUpHire, LLC ("StartUpHire") Internet web site ("Site") located at the URL www.StartUpHire.com. This Privacy Policy details certain policies implemented throughout StartUpHire governing StartUpHire's use of personally identifiable information about users of our Site and users of services (the “Services”).

**Privacy Policy Updates**

Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, StartUpHire may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, StartUpHire will post its updated Privacy Policy on our Site and we may send registered users an email, so you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. If any modification is unacceptable to you, you shall cease using this Site and the Services. If you do not cease using this Site and the Services, you will be deemed to have accepted the change.

**Information Collection and Use**

You can generally visit our Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, in certain sections of this Site and when you use our Services, we may invite you to submit your resume to a startup company, contact us with questions or comments or request information, provide us with feedback, participate in chat or message boards, submit a questionnaire or survey, post an opinion, or complete a registration form. Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, contact data such as your address, ZIP code, email address and phone number, username, password, startup company experience and functional preference such as sales, finance or marketing. We may also collect additional personally identifiable information that you voluntarily post in your registration with us, include in your resume transmitted to a startup company through the Site, transmit with your communication to us or in any postings to the Site that you have posted.

We may use your personally identifiable information to register you to use our Site and Services, deliver certain services or information you have requested, such as email alerts and/or RSS feeds featuring job postings, verify your authority to enter our Site, improve the content and general administration of the Site and our Services and send you targeted advertising.

**Children's Privacy**

StartUpHire recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. StartUpHire does not target its Services or this Site to children under 13. StartUpHire does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.

**Cookies**

We may use small text files called cookies to improve overall Site experience. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you.

**Aggregate Information**

The Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site and browser type and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer and improve the Site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

**Disclosure**

At your request, we will provide your name, email address and your resume and/or cover letter or email to certain startup companies that have posted a job. Additionally, we may provide your personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies and the aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us in providing our Services to you. For example, we may provide your ZIP code to a marketing, research and/or advertising agency to help us optimize the advertising embedded within our Services. We will disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law or regulation or in cooperation with any governmental investigation. We may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which StartUpHire participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of StartUpHire's assets to which this Site relates.

**Links to Third Party Sites**

The Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources over which StartUpHire does not have control ("External Web Sites"). Such links do not constitute an endorsement by StartUpHire of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that StartUpHire is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that StartUpHire is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.

**Security**

We may employ procedural and technological security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. StartUpHire may use firewalls, password protection and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information.

**Correction/Updating Personally Identifiable Information**

StartUpHire provides you with the ability to correct and delete your contact information. If you wish to correct or delete your contact information you have provided to us, you may contact us via email at [support@StartUpHire.com](mailto:support@StartUpHire.com).

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us via email at [support@StartUpHire.com](mailto:support@StartUpHire.com).

This Privacy Policy was last updated: October 27, 2008

This Privacy Policy is effective as of: June 4, 2008
