> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the starsearchcasting.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100624014205id_/http%3A//starsearchcasting.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Find Teen Casting Calls - Become a Model or Actor

## Our Commitment To Privacy

**Effective May 1, 2010:**

[](https://clicktoverify.truste.com/pvr.php?page=validate&url=StarSearchCasting.com&sealid=101) [](https://clicktoverify.truste.com/pvr.php?page=validate&url=StarSearchCasting.com&sealid=105)

Star Search Casting is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy and Children’s Privacy Seal Programs. TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to build user’s trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. This privacy statement covers the Web sites StarSearchCasting.com. Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe. 

If you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy statement, you should first contact Star Search Casting by [clicking here](http://starsearchcasting.com/html/contact_us.php). 

If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should [contact TRUSTe here](https://clicktoverify.truste.com/pvr.php?page=validate&url=StarSearchCasting.com&sealid=101). 

TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with you to resolve your concerns. 

As a social networking site, Star Search Casting is built to make it easy to share information with entertainment industry professionals, your friends, and people around you. We understand you may not want everyone in the world to have the information you put on Star Search Casting; that is why we limit the personally identifiable information shown on your profile and never give out your last name, street address, phone number, or email address or any personal information to third parties for promotional purposes unless you have granted your consent. 

Star Search Casting, LLC ("Star Search Casting", "SSC", “Website”, "Us", or "We") operates StarSearchCasting.com. This Privacy Policy describes Star Search Casting’s use and sharing of your or your child’s personally identifiable information and financial information such as your or your child’s full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, or credit card number) that Members voluntarily provide to Star Search Casting when they register (also known as “Registration PII”). The Term “User” refers to a Visitor or a Member. This Privacy Policy applies to the services offered by Star Search Casting, including any Star Search Casting-branded URL (the “Star Search Casting Website”), the Star Search Casting instant messaging service, the Star Search Casting application developer service and other features (for example, music and video embedded players), Star Search Casting mobile services, and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by Star Search Casting in connection with the Star Search Casting Website (collectively, the “SSC services”). By using or accessing Star Search Casting, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. 

**SAFE USE OF STAR SEARCH CASTING**

The Star Search Casting Website is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect PII from children under 13 years of age without parental consent. For information for users and parents about staying safe on Star Search Casting, [click here](http://starsearchcasting.com/html/safety_center.php). 

**COLLECTION AND SUBMISSION OF PII AND NON-PII ON STAR SEARCH CASTING**

General. When Star Search Casting collects PII from you or your child it is because you or your child are voluntarily submitting Registration PII to us in order to register as a Member of Star Search Casting. Star Search Casting may also collect PII from you or your child if you choose to participate in SSC services activities like sweepstakes, contests, scholarships, and surveys, because you want us to furnish you or your child with products, services, newsletters, or information, or in connection with content or suggestions you submit to Star Search Casting for review. If you or your child do not wish to receive promotional communications you may opt-out by going to the "[Account Settings](http://starsearchcasting.com/user.settings.php)" area in your account or clicking on the unsubscribe link in each email. Parent’s have the right to consent to the collection of their child’s PII without having to consent to us sharing that information with third parties. Parent’s may do so by visiting the Account Settings. In addition, Star Search Casting collects other non-PII including IP address, aggregate user data, and browser type. This data is used to manage and improve the SSC services, track usage, and for security purposes. 

Star Search Casting Members may also choose to provide or store non-PII information in their profiles, including but not limited to date of birth, interests, hobbies, lifestyle choices, groups with whom they are affiliated (schools, companies), videos and/or pictures, private messages, bulletins or personal statements (collectively “Profile Information”). The Profile Information in a Member’s profile is provided at his or her sole discretion. 

Star Search Casting Members can change their Registration PII and Profile Information at any time and can control how Visitors, other Members and Star Search Casting communicate with them by controlling their "Account Settings". portion of their Star Search Casting profile. 

Parents can change their child’s Registration PII and Profile Information at any time and can control how Visitors, other Members and Star Search Casting communicate with their child by controlling your child’s “Account Settings” portion of your child’s Star Search Casting profile. Parents may request deletion of their child’s Registration PII or refuse further contact by the site with their child by going to “Account Settings”. Star Search Casting does not condition a child’s participation or access to an activity on them providing more Personal Information than is reasonably necessary for that activity. 

Cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that Star Search Casting places on your computer. Star Search Casting uses cookies to identify your Internet browser, store Users’ preferences, and determine whether you have installed the enabling software needed to access certain material on the SSC services. Data in cookies may be read to authenticate user sessions or provide services. SSC does use cookies or other tracking technologies to build a customer profile for advertising purposes. 

Third party advertisements displayed on SSC services may also contain cookies set by Internet advertising companies or advertisers (known as “third party cookies”). Star Search Casting does not control these third party cookies and Users of the SSC services should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies. A pixel tag is a tiny image inserted in a web page and used to record the number and types of views for that page. Star Search Casting may allow third party pixel tags to be present on SSC services for purposes of advertising, providing services or data and statistics collection. 

You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent, block third party cookies or block all cookies. However, by blocking all cookies you may not have access to certain features and SSC services. 

We employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information. 

**TESTIMONIALS**

We post member success stories and testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information such as the member's name. Prior to showing a testimonial we do obtain the member's or member’s parents consent to post their name, picture, and profile link along with their testimonial. If you want to remove your or your child’s personal information that is being displayed on publicly accessible pages on our web site or delete your account you may do that by going to the "Account Settings" area in your account. 

**FORWARD TO A FRIEND**

If you or your child feel that the services of SSC could be useful for a third party you or your child know (e.g. your friends or family members etc), you or your child may use our referral service. If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. SSC stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. 

SSC also allows you or your child enter third party personal information such as name, email address and phone number when you or your child wish to “add and agent” or to add contacts. This will allow you or your child to add these contacts to you or your child’s online profile. 

**BLOGS, COMMUNITY FORUMS, CHAT, AND COMMENTS**

You or your child post User Content (as defined in the Star Search Casting Terms of Use) on the Site at your own risk. This includes information you or your child post on your profile, resume, community forums, blogs, profile comments, instant messaging, photo galleries, chat rooms, etc. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you or your child may choose to share your pages and information. You or your child should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you or your child unsolicited messages. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee or take responsibility for any User Content, including personally identifiable information, that you or your child choose to submit in these forums that may be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site. You or your child understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of User Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other Users have copied or stored your User Content. 

**WIDGETS**

This site uses a widget where personal information can be posted publicly. The personal information entered on this widget is subject to the privacy policy of the SSC. 

**NOTICE: STAR SEARCH CASTING WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH NOTICE ABOUT ITS PII COLLECTION PRACTICES**

When you or your child voluntarily provide PII to Star Search Casting, we will make sure you are informed about who is collecting the information, how and why the information is being collected and the types of uses Star Search Casting will make of the information to the extent it is being used in a manner that differs from what is allowed pursuant to this Privacy Policy. 

At the time you or your child provides your PII, Star Search Casting will notify you of your options regarding our use of your or your child’s PII (See “Choice” below). Except as described in this Privacy Policy, Star Search Casting will not share your or your child’s PII with third parties unless you have given Star Search Casting permission to do so (See “Use” below) by selecting the check boxes to share your or your child’s PII under the "Account Settings" area of your SSC profile. 

SSC services may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies. SSC services may also carry advertisements from other companies. Star Search Casting is not responsible for the privacy practices of websites or other services operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with the SSC services or for the privacy practices of third party Internet advertising companies. Once you leave SSC services via such a link, access a third party application (such as widgets or gadgets) or click on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine, among other things, how they will handle any PII they collect from you. 

SSC services may also be linked to other sites or sites operated by companies affiliated with Star Search Casting. Although all Affiliated Companies adhere to the Star Search Casting corporate Privacy Principles, Users who visit those Affiliated Company sites should still refer to their separate privacy policies and practices, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy. 

Star Search Casting may use cookies and similar tools to customize the content and advertising you receive based on the Profile Information you or your child have provided. Profile Information you or your child provide in structured profile fields or questions, information you or your child add to open-ended profile fields and questions (essay questions like “About Me,” “Interests” and “Biography”) (“Non-Structured Profile Information”) and other non-PII about you or your child may also be used to customize the online ads you encounter to those we believe are aligned with your interests. For example, based on your interests we might display an advertisement to make sure you or your child are advised when a photographer is offering certain discounts. The information used for this feature does not provide you or your child’s PII or identify you as an individual to third parties. 

Some of the advertisements that appear on SSC services may also be delivered to you or your child by third party Internet advertising companies. These companies utilize certain technologies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect non-PII about your visit to or use of SSC services, including information about the ads they display, via a cookie placed on your computer that reads your IP address. To opt out of information collection by these companies, or to obtain information about the technologies they use or their own privacy policies, please visit [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp). 

Third party applications (such as widgets or gadgets) created by third party developers may also be available on the SSC services. Third party applications are small bits of software, often with interactivity, that can be installed into Members’ profiles or shared with other Users. However, Star Search Casting does not control the third party developers, and cannot dictate their actions. When a Member engages with a third party application, that Member is interacting with the third party developer, not with Star Search Casting and is subject to their privacy policy. Star Search Casting encourages Members not to provide PII to the third party’s application unless the Member knows the party with whom it is interacting. 

**CHOICE: STAR SEARCH CASTING WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH CHOICES ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR PII**

Except as described in this Privacy Policy, Star Search Casting will get your permission before we use the PII you or your child provide to us in a way that is inconsistent with the purpose for which it was submitted or share you or your child’s PII with third parties that are not affiliated with Star Search Casting. We will do this by providing you with an opt-in form if you wish to share additional information with other parties. 

**USE: STAR SEARCH CASTING'S USE OF PII**

Star Search Casting will only use the PII you or your child provides under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If Star Search Casting obtains PII from a third party, such as a business partner, our use of that information is also governed by this Privacy Policy. 

In order to locate other Star Search Casting Members that you may already know in the physical world, Star Search Casting allows Users to search for Members using Registration PII (i.e., name or personal description). Star Search Casting also allows Users to browse for certain Profile Information in order to help connect with Members (i.e., schools and/or companies where Users may have attended or worked). Star Search Casting may also enable Members to publicly display some Registration PII as an element of their Profile Information if they choose to do so via a profile setting under “Account Settings.” Search engines may index the portion of a Member’s profile (including the Profile Information it contains) that is publicly displayed. 

If you have consented to receive promotional materials (e.g., newsletters) or notifications from Star Search Casting, Star Search Casting may periodically use your email address to send you such materials related to the SSC services, as applicable. If you want to stop receiving such materials from Star Search Casting, you can change your profile settings under “Account Settings,” or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. 

Star Search Casting employees, agents, and contractors must have a business reason to obtain access to you or your child’s PII. Star Search Casting may share your PII with third party service providers who assist us in managing or providing SSC services’ information activities (for example, message board moderators and administration, order fulfillment, credit card processing, statistical analyses, data processing), or with outside contractors, agents, or sponsors who help us with the administration, judging and prize fulfillment aspects of contests, promotions, scholarships, and sweepstakes. 

These outside contractors, agents or sponsors may temporarily store some information on their servers, but they may only use your PII to provide Star Search Casting with a specific service and not for any other purpose. Star Search Casting may also provide your PII to a third party in those instances where you have chosen to receive certain information and have been notified that the fulfillment of such a request requires the sharing of your PII. Star Search Casting also may share your PII with Affiliated Companies if it has a business reason to do so. 

As described in “Notice” above, Star Search Casting may customize the advertising and marketing messages you or your child receive on the Star Search Casting Website, or may work with outside companies to do so. Your non-PII and/or Profile Information may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. Star Search Casting prohibits these companies from sharing your non-PII and/or Profile Information with any third party or from using it for any other purpose. Anonymous click stream, number of page views calculated by pixel tags, and aggregated demographic information may also be shared with Star Search Casting’s advertisers and business partners. 

There may be instances when Star Search Casting may access or disclose PII, Profile Information or non-PII without providing you a choice in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Star Search Casting, our Affiliated Companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of Users of the SSC services or members of the public including acting in urgent circumstances; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with the law, legal process, warrant, subpoena, or court order. In addition, if Star Search Casting sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of all or a material part of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, Star Search Casting may transfer your PII to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. 

When a Member who is located in the European Union chooses to post Profile Information that will be publicly disclosed, that Member is responsible for ensuring that such information conforms to all local data protection laws. Star Search Casting is not responsible under the EU local data protection laws for Member-posted information. 

**SECURITY: STAR SEARCH CASTING PROTECTS THE SECURITY OF PII**

Star Search Casting uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard PII and credit card information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. In addition, Star Search Casting uses reasonable methods to make sure that PII is accurate, up-to-date and appropriately complete. All credit card transactions or other pages that collect sensitive information are also SSL encrypted. 

**ACCESS, REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE: HOW TO ACCESS, CORRECT OR CHANGE YOUR PREFERENCES REGARDING YOUR PII AND HOW TO CONTACT STAR SEARCH CASTING ABOUT PRIVACY CONCERNS**

Whenever possible, Star Search Casting Members may review the Registration PII we maintain about them in our records. We will take reasonable steps to correct any PII a Member informs us is incorrect. If you are a Member, you can view and change you or your child’s Registration PII, Member preferences and Profile Information by logging into you or your child’s account and accessing features such as “Edit Profile” and “Account Settings.” If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please [contact us](http://starsearchcasting.com/html/contact_us.php). 

If you ask Star Search Casting to stop using you or your child’s PII, Star Search Casting will honor that request while retaining any record of you or your child’s PII that is necessary to comply with applicable federal, state or local law. 

**TERMS OF USE NOTICES AND REVISIONS**

Your use of Star Search Casting, and any disputes arising from it, is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all of its dispute resolution provisions including arbitration, limitation on damages and choice of law. From time to time Star Search Casting may modify this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our PII collection and use practices, the features of the SSC services, or technology, and such modifications shall be effective upon posting by Star Search Casting on the Star Search Casting Website. 

Non-material changes and clarifications will take effect immediately, and material changes will take effect within 30 days of their posting on this site. If we make changes, we will post them and will indicate at the top of this page the policy's new effective date. 

If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or through notice on our home page. We encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy. Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. Your continued use of the SSC services after Star Search Casting posts a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. If Star Search Casting materially changes its practices regarding collection or use of your PII, your PII will be governed by the revised Policy. 

If we make material changes in the way we user your child’s PII, we will notify you here, by means of notice on our home page or by email so that you may provide Verifiable Parental Consent for the new uses of your child’s information. 

I HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT AND UNDERSTAND THAT USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES MY AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF ITS TERMS AS WELL AS THE [TERMS OF USE](http://starsearchcasting.com/terms_of_use.php).

This Privacy Policy was last modified on the date indicated above and is effective immediately. 
