> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the starmakerstudios.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130523073308id_/http%3A//www.starmakerstudios.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# StarMaker

_Effective: June 28, 2011_

StarMaker provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of starmakerstudios.com (the "Site") and the StarMaker mobile device application (the "Application"). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Site, Application, and any Social Networking Sites to which you link your StarMaker account. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site or Application. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes. 

  
As used in this policy, the terms "using" and "processing" information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally. 

Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Site, Application, products, features and content, to administer your account (together, the "Service"), and to enable users to enjoy our products and easily navigate the Site and Application. 

Your Profile on StarMaker is available for viewing by other users and contains all items of your Personal Information (see first bullet below) and your Non-Identifying Information (see second bullet below), and certain elements of your Social Networking information (see third bullet below) (together, your "Profile"). 

• When you register with us through the Site or Application as a StarMaker user or choose to create your own profile webpage, we will ask you for personally identifiable information, indicating which elements are mandatory and which are optional. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, user name, twitter name, website URL, photo representation or avatar and email address. In addition to making it part of your public profile (with exception to your e-mail address), we use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries. 

• We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration (e.g., without limitation, gender, zip code (on its own), age ("Non-Identifying Information"). 

• If you choose to link your StarMaker account to a Social Networking Site such as Facebook, personal information you independently submit to a Social Networking Site may be collected and used by us in order to provide you with enhanced functionality. In these instances, you consent to StarMaker' access and use of your username, alias and any other Personal information you have independently provided to and made accessible through the Social Networking Site. Such access will be in accordance with the privacy settings you have set in your Social Networking Site account, if any ("Social Networking Information"). 

When you use our Services (e.g., when you visit our Site or interact with our Application), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or service connected to the Internet ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Service and for the Site's technical administration, to increase our Site's functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors' needs. 

As is standard practice on many websites, our Site uses "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by StarMaker Users and web traffic routing on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Service and then close your browser. Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Service. 

Identity theft and the practice currently known as "phishing" are of great concern to StarMaker. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your account ID, login password or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission's website. 

Because your Profile is public, you should be aware that other users will see the information you provide. Whether you provide voluntary information should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with StarMaker Users. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and that you not use your real name as your User Name or "Stage Name," since that would allow others to identify you. 

StarMaker may share Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information with StarMaker's third party customers and other business partners, so that these third parties can market related good and services and can analyze the success of such third parties' promotions, advertising campaigns and overall use of the Site, Application and Services. Third Party Social Networking Sites: As a user with a registered account, you may link your StarMaker account information with certain Social Networking Sites where other StarMaker users have an existing account with the Social Networking Site. In these instances, with your permission and on your behalf, we will share your email address and screen name or alias with the applicable Social Networking Site. Through use of such services' APIs, as stated above, we also receive certain information (which may include your Personal Information) in accordance with the privacy settings you have set in your Social Networking Site account, if any. Other than what we may share with the Social Networking Site in connection with your linking of accounts, the personal information a Social Networking Site has about you is obtained by the Social Networking Site independent of our Services. Other services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other services you use. 

StarMaker cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of StarMaker or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. 

StarMaker may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. 

All Users may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by contacting us. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us at support@starmakerstudios.com with a request that we delete your Personal Information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. 

StarMaker is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. 

We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site or Application in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system. 

Your information may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, StarMaker transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. 

Our Site and Application contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by "clicking on" a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit. 

This Site is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@starmakerstudios.com. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files. 

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@starmakerstudios.com. 
