> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the starburnsoftware.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180516230513id_/http%3A//www.starburnsoftware.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# StarBurn

Rocket Division Software is firmly dedicated to the privacy of our web site visitors, and customers. We have strict policies regarding information provided to our visitors with respect to how information is gathered and for what purpose that information is used. You may at any time request removal from any e-mail list generated by our web site and Rocket Division Software. We do not rent, lease or sell your e-mail address to anyone. 

##### Opt-Out

Our site provides you the opportunity to opt out from receiving communications from us when we request information about you. 

##### Mailing List Removal

Send an e-mail to Info@starburnsoftware.com with query details. 

##### Information Collection

Personal Information is generally requested when you are evaluating, purchasing and/or registering Rocket Division Software products, joining a password protected area of our site, submitting an inquiry or participating in beta testing and/or surveys. 

##### Orders

Orders are processed and shipped by a third-party, ShareIt. You must provide contact information (such as name, e-mail, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If there is a problem processing an order, this information is used to contact you. Please be sure to read the ShareIt security guarantee. 

##### Information Sharing and Disclosure

We DO NOT share Personal Information to any third-parties, with the exception of our payment processor, ShareIt. 

##### Customer Service

Rocket Division Software uses collected information to provide you with information about our products, to support your use of our products, to respond to your inquiries or to tailor our Web site to better serve you. 

##### Log Files

As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. 

##### Cookies

A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. Cookies are used during the shopping process. For more details please refer to the ShareIt privacy policy. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. 

##### Links to Other Sites

This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Rocket Division Software. 

##### Legal Disclaimer

We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site. 

##### Changes in this Privacy Statement

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post changes to this privacy statement on the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
