> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the startupdigest.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180219000504id_/http%3A//www.techstars.com/privacy-policy-3) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Techstars

**Techstars Privacy Policy** ** **

**Last Revised: April 26, 2016** ** **

Techstars Central LLC together with its affiliated entities (“ **Company** ”) is committed to protecting your privacy.  We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of all websites owned and operated by the Company including the websites located at [www.techstars.com](http://www.techstars.com/); [www.startupweekend.org](http://www.startupweekend.org/); [www.startupdigest.com](http://www.startupdigest.com/); [www.startupnext.co](http://www.startupnext.co/); [www.startupweek.com](http://www.startupweek.com/); [www.up.co](http://www.up.co/) and all related websites; our applications and/or APIs ( **“Application(s)”** ), (collectively, the “ **Site** ”) and online services made available through the Site ( **“Services”** ).

  1. **Questions; Contacting Company; Reporting Violations**. If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us, please contact us at [legal@techstars.com](mailto:legal@techstars.com).
  2. ******User Consent.** **** By submitting Personal Data through our Site or Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
  3. ******A Note to Users Outside of the United States.** **If you are a non U.S. user of the Site or Services, by visiting the Site, or utilizing the Services and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Data may be processed for the purposes identified in the Privacy Policy.   In addition, your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country.  By providing your data, you consent to such transfer. **
  4. ******A Note About Children.** **** We do not intentionally gather Personal Data from visitors who are under the age of 13.  If a child under 13 submits Personal Data to Company and we learn that the Personal Data is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible.
  5. ******Types of Data We Collect.** **“Personal Data”** means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data.  **“Anonymous Data”** means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons.  We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as described below. 
    1. ******Information You Provide to Us.**
      * We may collect Personal Data from you, such as your first and last name, gender, e-mail and mailing addresses, professional title, company name, and password when you create an account to log in to our network or Service (“ **Account** ”).
      * If you use our Services on your mobile device, including through our Application(s), we may collect your phone number and the unique device id number.
      * When connecting to our Services via a service provider that uniquely identifies your mobile device, we may receive this identification and use it to offer extended services and/or functionality.
      * We retain information on your behalf, such as files and messages that you store using your Account.
      * If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
      * When you post content (text, images, photographs, messages, comments or any other kind of content that is not your e-mail address) on our Site, the information contained in your posting will be stored in our servers and other users will be able to see it, along with your profile photo and any other information that you choose to make public on your public profile page ( **“Profile”** ). The information that you provide in your Profile will be visible to others, including anonymous visitors to the Site.
      * When you post messages on the message boards of our Site, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it.
      * When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information.
      * We also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily, such as your operating system and version, product registration number, and other requested information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the Services.
      * If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest or giveaway on our Site, we may ask you for your e-mail address and/or home number (to notify you if you win or not). We may also ask for first and last names, and sometimes post office addresses to verify your identity.  In some situations we may need additional information as a part of the entry process, such as a prize selection choice.  These sweepstakes and contests are voluntary.  We recommend zthat you read the rules for each sweepstakes and contest that you enter.
      * We may also collect Personal Data at other points in our Site that state that Personal Data is being collected.
    2. ******Information Collected via Technology.**
      * _Information Collected by Our Servers_. To make our Site and Services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol ( **“IP”** ) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
      * _Log Files._ As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.  This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider ( **“ISP”** ), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.  We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around the Site, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs.  For example, some of the information may be collected so that when you visit the Site or the Services again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests.  Except as noted in this Privacy Policy, we do not link this automatically-collected data to Personal Data. __
      * _Cookies_. Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information.  **“Cookies”** are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website.  We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site.    This type of information is collected to make the Site more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.  __
      * _Pixel Tag_ In addition, we use **“Pixel Tags** ” (also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs). Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to Cookies, that are used to track online movements of Web users.  In contrast to Cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer  hard drive, Pixel Tags are embedded invisibly in Web pages.  Pixel Tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a format users can read, and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users.  We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user.  We do not tie the information gathered by Pixel Tags to our users’ Personal Data.
      * _Google Analytics_. We use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Site.  Google Analytics uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Site, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Site and Services. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Site, rather than your name or other personally identifying information.  We do not combine the information generated through the use of Google Analytics with your Personal Data. Although Google Analytics plants a persistent Cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Site, the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google.  Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.


  6. ******Use of Your Personal Data**
    1. ******General Use.** In general, Personal Data you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better.  We use your Personal Data in the following ways: 
      * facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network;
      * identify you as a user in our system;
      * provide improved administration of our Site and Services;
      * provide the Services you request;
      * improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Site and Services;
      * send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your Account was created;
      * send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security, or support and maintenance advisories;
      * respond to your inquiries related to requests; and
      * send Company updates, newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials and for other marketing purposes of Company.
    2. **Creation of Anonymous Data.** We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you.  We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Site navigation.  We reserve the right to use Anonymous Data for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in our sole discretion.
  7. **Disclosure of Your Personal Data.** **** We disclose your Personal Data as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
    1. **Users and User Groups.** We will share your Personal data with other Users solely for the purpose of providing the Services, including sharing other members of the groups for which you are registered (e.g. founders, mentors).
    2. **Third Party Service Providers.** We may share your Personal Data with third party service providers to:  provide you with the Services that we offer you through our Site; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; and/or to provide other services to the Company.  When you register for an event through the Site, we will collect Personal Data that may be supplied to the event organizer(s) and sponsor(s).  In addition, for events requiring the payment of a fee, we utilize third parties to help process event payments and you may be required to provide your Personal Data to such third parties for payment processing. These third party service providers are required not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by Company.
    3. **Affiliates**. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (“ **Affiliates** ”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. 
    4. **Corporate Restructuring.** We may share some or all of your Personal Data in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets.  In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
    5. **Social Networking Sites.** Some of our Applications and Services may enable you to post content to SNSs (e.g., Facebook or Twitter).  If you choose to do this, we will provide information to such SNSs in accordance with your elections.  You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those websites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such SNSs.  We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such SNSs; (ii) the content, products or services on or availability of such SNSs; or (iii) your use of any such SNSs.
    6. **Other Disclosures**. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), Company may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Company; (c) to protect or defend the rights or property of Company or users of the Site or Services; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use.
  8. **Third Party Websites.** Our Site may contain links to third party websites.  When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our Site and go to another site, and another entity may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you.  We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content.  Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of your Personal Data after you click on links to such outside websites.  We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website you visit.  The links to third party websites or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products, content or websites.
  9. **Your Choices Regarding Information.** You have several choices regarding the use of information on our Service:
    1. ******Email Communications.** We will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our Site or Services.  When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information above).  Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
    2. **Cookies:**  If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept Cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting a Cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept Cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the Service. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify Cookies, please let us know at the contact information provided above.
    3. **Un-Linking SNS.** If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to have your SNS account (e.g., Facebook) linked to your Account, then you may un-link the SNS account in the “preferences” section in your account settings.  You may also manage the sharing of certain Personal Data with us when you connect with us through an SNS, such as through Facebook Connect.  Please refer to the privacy settings of the SNS to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between the Services and your social media account or mobile device.
    4. **Changing or Deleting Your Personal Data.** You may change any of your Personal Data in your Account by editing your profile within your Account or by sending an e-mail to us at the e-mail address set forth below.  You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, but please note that we may be required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements).  When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.  We may also retain your information for fraud or similar purposes. 
    5. **Applications.**  You can stop all collection of information by the Application(s) by uninstalling the Application(s).  You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
  10. **Changes to This Privacy Policy.** **** We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time.  You understand and agree that your access to or use of the Site and/or Services is governed by the Privacy Policy effective at the time you access or use the Site and/or Services.  If we make material changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or by posting a revised version of the Privacy Policy on the Site.  We will also indicate at the top of the Privacy Policy the date that revisions were last made. You should consult this Privacy Policy on a regular basis as revised versions will be binding on you.  **You understand and agree that your continued access to or use of the Site and/or Services after the effective date of modifications to the Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the modifications.**


