> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the startribune.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20041204075447id_/http%3A//www.startribune.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy for startribune.com

[](http://www.startribune.com/stories/776) | 

Last update: June 4, 2004 at 4:32 PM

April 25, 2003  PRIVACYPOLICY 

Startribune.com has a firm commitment to privacy. We take your privacy concerns seriously and want to make every effort to address them as we strive to offer our site visitors a high quality, interactive and personalized experience. That is why we have adopted the following policy, which explains our position on information gathering and how we intend to use and share any information we collect. It is important to note that this policy applies only to information collected by startribune.com and does not apply to information obtained or used by Star Tribune or its affiliates through other means.

Startribune.com collects and stores Personally Identifiable Information such as your name, address, e-mail address, etc. What information we collect and store depends on the page you are visiting and the services you elect to participate in. We use this information to operate our services, provide you with the highest quality services, offer you opportunities we think will be of interest, and better tailor the advertising you see from us to suit you. This information is not shared with anyone outside of Star Tribune and startribune.com except as provided for in this Privacy Policy. More specifics on the information we collect are outlined within this policy. 

This privacy policy is subject to change from time to time. If the policy is revised, a notice will be placed in the Member Center where registered members of our service may also update their personal information, subscribe to e-mail newsletters and revise the permissions that they previously granted startribune.com. They may also receive an e-mail outlining the change. Non-registered users of startribune.com may view the privacy policy, including any revisions, by clicking on the "Privacy Policy" link on the home page of startribune.com. If the changes represent a material departure from our current policy or materially affect users' rights and obligations, if feasible, the changes will be posted on this page 30 days in advance of their effective date. 

**What information we collect and how it is used**  
Access to the majority of content, services and features on startribune.com requires users to become registered members. Member registration requires you to provide certain Personally Identifiable Information, such as your name, e-mail address, street address, gender, and date of birth. You will be asked to select a member name and password so that you have access to this information and can revise it in the future. To complete the registration process, we will send you a validation e-mail message. You must click the link in the e-mail to fully activate your membership account. You will also have the opportunity to subscribe to e-mail newsletters and alerts and elect to receive e-mail Offers sent to you on behalf of startribune.com advertisers. Some features and services may require additional Personally Identifiable Information or other demographic information. We may collect other personal information when you provide feedback, comments, engage in chat, message boards, interactive forums or participate in surveys, or if you contact us offline. For example, when you enter contests you will be asked to also provide your phone number so that we can reach you in the event you've won a prize. All users may decline to share such information with us by choosing not to register on the Web site or use our services. Only registered members, however, may access certain content, services and features. 

You may also be asked to create a separate registration account with some of the services provided by partners and other providers on startribune.com. Examples include the Personals, the StribMail e-mail service, MyCast personalized weather service, and Golden Gavel Auction events. Be aware that the information collected by these providers may be subject to the privacy policy and terms of use of that provider, and we recommend reviewing these prior to submitting your registration.  [ **More...**](https://web.archive.org/stories/776/3847453-2.html)

|  | 
