> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the starmusiq.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130601065037id_/http%3A//starmusiq.com/Privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# :: Privacy Policy :: NewTamilHits.com ::

At NewTamilHits.Com, all personal information collected by us on this site (for example, on contests/sweepstakes entry forms) will be utilized primarily for internal purposes and/or to enhance visitor enjoyment and experience. We may also use email addresses or other personally identifiable information to contact visitors who directly communicate with, For example, to notify visitors that they have won a contest/sweepstakes or to provide a requested email newsletter. Visitors may voluntarily subscribe to newsletters. We provide visitors with an option to unsubscribe from future email newsletters. Sometimes, personal information submitted by visitors may be used for marketing and promotional purposes relating to the Web site or other entertainment properties. We don't share any personally identifiable information provided by visitors with third parties, unless specified at time of collection. We bear no responsibility for any action or policies of any third parties who collect any information visitors may disclose on the bulletin boards, chat areas or other public forums on this Web site. We request that all visitors to the Web site that are under the age of 18 not disclose or provide any personal information on this Web site unless they provide written authorization to us from their parent or legal guardian. We reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this policy at any time so visitors are encouraged to review this policy from time to time.  
  
We don't share any personally identifiable information provided by visitors with third parties, unless specified at time of collection. All information that is submitted on our site is stored securely and not shared with third parties. We take necessary and precautionary measures to secure our database.

**Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements**

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.
