> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the startupistanbul.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190315170035id_/https%3A//startupistanbul.com/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Startup Istanbul 2018

  1. In order to provide better service to Users, the Website and Application require certain personal information (Name, age, e-mail, etc.). That information is used by the Website and Application for campaigns or special and personal promotions for Users. Statistics of transactions on the Website and Application are analyzed and saved except personal information. The User declares his consent to the storage and processing of personal data by the Company and expressly agrees that it can be used according to the Personal Data Protection Act and can be shared with the third parties. 
  2. The Company, without approval of the User, shall not reveal the information submitted by registration forms to third parties, and/or use it for commercial purposes other than the subject of activity, and/or sell. 
  3. The Website uses Facebook and Google Analytics' Remarketing & Demographics and Interest Reporting features. The User can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising using the Ads settings, and the Google Display Network ads can be customized. Demographic information provided by Facebook and Google Analytics is used to customize the Ads on the Website and, if applicable, the Site, to the interests of the Users. This information may be shared with advertising publishers, including information about other Users, while being used in the determining of target group. This information does not include personal information (name, surname, T.C ID, sex, age, etc.), but is used for studies the user trends as a group and to compile the target. By agreeing the User Agreement, anonymous information is accepted to be shared with advertising publishers for advertising and promotional purposes. 
  4. Third party vendors including Google will show the ads of the Company and Application in the banner areas provided by the publisher’s web sites in the internet. We and third party vendors, including Google, may use first party cookies and third party cookies based on the visits to Company and mobile application of the visitors in the past, to gather information regarding the ads, optimize the ads and publish. 
  5. We may disclose your information or share it with the competent authorities where such disclosure will be requested as a legal obligation, or to act in conformance with the applicable legal requirements, or to comply with the legal orders noticed to our side. 
  6. The User’s credit card information requested on the payment page is not kept by the servers of the Website, Application or any other servers of third parties for provide maximum security to Users. All payment transactions are made via the Website and/or the Mobile Application on the interface between the bank and the device of the User. 
  7. Ratifying this Agreement indicates the User understanding that the information he shares with the Company belonging to himself may be used by the Company and its affiliates in order to operate the sales and marketing activities and to provide notification via any means of appropriate communication. 
  8. You can always be removed from the mailing list by clicking "Please click here if you do not want to be informed about the campaign announcements" link at the bottom of the e- mails sent within the scope of the Website usership, or by leaving the "I want to be informed about the campaigns and opportunities" field empty which you can find in the "Update Membership Information" section under "My Account" on Website/ Mobile Application. 
  9. Contact information of the invitees:  
Any contact information you choose to import (such as an email address from your gmail contact list) when using the invitation service is accepted to be collected with your permission. We may use contact or other user information obtained from the services (including email addresses) to contact with users outside of the services or to create or distribute mailing lists or other collections of contact or user profile information for authorized users without their express permission 


