> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the state.ma.us privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021203112710id_/http%3A//www.mass.gov/portal/index.jsp%3FpageID%3Dprivacypolicy%26u%3Dprivacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Mass.Gov - privacy policy

| 

Revised: 05/02/02

Welcome to the Mass.Gov Portal web site. Your privacy is one of our top priorities. The following policy applies only to the use of the Mass.Gov Portal web site. As you navigate the Portal, you will see links that, when clicked, will take you to other Web sites operated by state agencies. These Web sites have individual privacy policies tailored to the interactions available through each site. You may also see links that will take you to Web sites external to Massachusetts state government. We strongly suggest that you read the privacy policies for each Commonwealth Web site that you visit, and any external site that you visit through a link appearing at this site. 

**A Privacy Partnership.** Your privacy with respect to the use of the Mass.Gov Portal results from a partnership between the Commonwealth and you, the user. At this Web site, we attempt to protect your privacy to the maximum extent possible. However, because some of the information that we receive through this Web site is subject to the [Public Records Law, Massachusetts General Laws Chapter 66, Section 10](http://www.state.ma.us/legis/laws/mgl/66-10.htm), we cannot ensure absolute privacy. Information that you provide to us through this site may be made available to members of the public under that law. This policy informs you of the information that we collect from you at this site, what we do with it, to whom it may be disseminated, and how you can access it. Based on this information, you can make an informed choice about your use of this site. You can maximize the benefits of your privacy partnership with the Commonwealth by making informed choices about whether to share personally identifiable information with us through this site. 

**Personally Identifiable Information.** We use the term "personally identifiable information" to mean any information that could reasonably be used to identify you, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, Social Security number, birth date, bank account information, credit card information, or any combination of information that could be used to identify you. 

**Information Voluntarily Provided by You.** This site collects voluntary information from you in four different ways: through a survey and e-mails, a personalization feature, an authentication feature and the use of electronic payment functionality. 

_Survey and E-mail._ This site collects voluntary information from you through the Survey posted at this Web site and through any e-mail messages you choose to send to the Mass.Gov address. The Survey does not collect personally identifiable information unless you voluntarily submit contact information, such as email address or phone number, so that we may contact you for follow up to your question, concern or recommendation. Any e-mail messages sent by you to this site will contain personally identifiable information such as your e-mail address and any other information you choose to give us to help us answer your inquiry. 

_Personalization._ In addition, the Mass.Gov Portal will have a voluntary feature slated to be available in 2002, My Mass.Gov, which enables you to create a personalized view of Commonwealth information and transactions that is specific to your interests. Your decisions regarding the type and level of information that you provide to the Portal will determine the level of personalization possible. Your ability to navigate the Portal on your own is in no way affected by your choice to use the My Mass.Gov feature. In order to use My Mass.Gov, you must first register with the Portal by choosing a name (which need not be your legal name) and password and providing your e-mail address. In combination, your chosen name and password, linked with your email, will constitute personally identifiable information.

_Authentication._ In order to engage in certain on-line transactions, and access certain restricted on-line information, you will also be required to register with the Portal by choosing a name and password and providing your e-mail address. (If you have already registered with the Portal to use My Mass.gov, you don't have to register again). The authentication feature associated with the Portal will use your chosen name and password and your e-mail address, as well as information that you provide to the agency with which you are conducting the transaction or from whom you are obtaining on-line information, to determine whether you are authorized to conduct the transaction.

_Electronic Payments._ The Portal also provides a "payment page" feature that enables you to make payments to the government online for certain information and transactions (this feature will be available in 2002). In order to use this feature, you will have to provide certain information necessary to process your payment(s), including personally identifiable information such as your name, address and credit card number. 

**Information Automatically Collected and Stored by this Site.**

This Web site does not use permanent "cookies". However, the site uses temporary "session cookies" to allow visitors to interact with the Portal and to use online applications. "Session cookies" do not allow us to personally identify a visitor. These cookies are stored only in memory and are deleted when the user's browser is shut down. 

This site does collect and store indefinitely your "Internet Protocol ("IP") address," (which does not identify you as an individual), as well as information about the date and time of your visit, whether a file you have requested exists, and how many "bytes" of information were transmitted to you over the Web from this site. We use your IP address to assess the frequency of visits to this site and the popularity of its various pages and functions. We will not attempt to match any personally identifiable information that you provide to us with your IP address, unless there are reasonable grounds to believe that doing so would provide information that is relevant and material to a criminal investigation. 

**Dissemination of Your Personally Identifiable Information.** We do not sell any personally identifiable information collected through this Web site. However, once you voluntarily submit personally identifiable information to us through your use of the Portal, its dissemination is governed by the ["Public Records Law," ](http://www.state.ma.us/legis/laws/mgl/66-10.htm) the ["Fair Information Practices Act (Massachusetts General Laws Chapter 66A), Executive Order 412,"](http://www.state.ma.us/legis/laws/mgl/gl-66a-toc.htm) and other applicable laws and regulations. **For this reason, part or all of the information you send us may be provided to a member of the public in response to a public records request.** There are pieces of information, such as credit card numbers, that are not considered public for the purposes of a public records request. For more information on types of data exempted from disclosure under the Public Records Law please read the Secretary of the Commonwealth's [Overview of the Massachusetts Public Records Law. ](http://www.state.ma.us/sec/pre/prelaw/lawover.htm)(Mass.gov does not maintain the Secretary's site and we make no representations about its accuracy and completeness). 

In addition, the information that you voluntarily submit will be disclosed only to Commonwealth employees or officials, or those under contract with the Commonwealth, with a "need to know" for purposes of fulfilling their job responsibilities. The information will be used to answer your questions, respond to any requests for assistance, personalize your on-line experience with the government, authenticate you for access to certain transactions and information, process and give you credit for any payment transactions, aid in the planning, design and development of the Mass.Gov Portal, and fulfill the Commonwealth's legal obligations. 

We will collect and aggregate the information you provide through the Survey for purposes of market research to improve this Portal by making it more responsive to customer needs. Where appropriate, we may provide the information submitted by you through an e-mail to the person or company that is the subject of your inquiry, or to a government agency responsible for the matters referred to in your communication. We will only use information provided by you for the My Mass.Gov personalization feature to provide you with a customized experience, and the information provided by you for the authentication feature for the purposes of authenticating you. Mass.gov will transmit your electronic payment information to payment processors and appropriate Commonwealth agencies for the purpose of completing your payment transactions. 

**Your Access and Opportunity to Correct.** The ["Public Records Law" ](http://www.state.ma.us/legis/laws/mgl/66-10.htm) and the ["Fair Information Practices Act" ](http://www.state.ma.us/legis/laws/mgl/gl-66a-toc.htm) provide you certain rights to get information about you that is in our records. To learn more about the circumstances under which you can get and correct this information, please click on the above references to these laws. 

**Security.** Because e-mail sent to the Commonwealth is not encrypted, you should not send messages containing information that you consider highly sensitive to this Web site. We use standard security measures to ensure that information provided by you, including your personally identifiable information, is not lost, misused, altered, or unintentionally destroyed. We also use software to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. The transmission of Registration IDs and Passwords, personalization information and payment information to this Web site is encrypted. 

**Special Protections Against Misuse Of Personally Identifiable Information Within Commonwealth Offices.** In 1999, then-Acting Governor Swift issued ["Executive Order 412,"](http://www.state.ma.us/consumer/new/privexeco.htm) which enhanced the privacy protection given to any information about you as a named individual held by the Executive Department of state government. ["Executive Order 412"](http://www.state.ma.us/consumer/new/privexeco.htm) limits the collection and dissemination of personally identifiable information within the Executive Department. This site complies with [ "Executive Order 412",](http://www.state.ma.us/consumer/new/privexeco.htm) so all of the personally identifiable information that you submit to this site is given the privacy protections set forth in ["Executive Order 412".](http://www.state.ma.us/consumer/new/privexeco.htm)

**Policy changes.** We will post substantive changes to this policy at least 30 days before they take effect. Any information we collect under the current privacy policy will remain subject to the terms of this policy. After any changes take effect, all new information we collect, if any, will be subject to the new policy. 

**Contact Information.** For questions about your privacy while using this Web site, please contact Director of Portal Services Sarah Bourne at [Sarah.Bourne@state.ma.us.](mailto:Sarah.Bourne@state.ma.us?subject=)

**Definitions:**

**Cookies** are files that a Web site can place on your computer. A cookie file contains unique information that a Web site can use to track such things as your password, lists of Web pages you have visited, and the date when you last looked at a specific Web page, or to identify your session at a particular Web site. A cookie file allows the Web site to recognize you as you click through pages on the site and when you later revisit the site. A Web site can use cookies to "remember" your preferences, and to record your browsing behavior on the Web. Although you can prevent Web sites from placing cookies on your computer by using your browser's preference menu, disabling cookies may affect your ability to view or interact with some Web sites. 

**An "Internet Protocol Address" or "IP Address"** is a series of numbers that identifies each computer and machine connected to the Internet. An IP address enables a server on a computer network to send you the file that you have requested on the Internet. The IP address disclosed to us may identify the computer from which you are accessing the Internet, or a server owned by your Internet Service Provider. Because it is machine-specific, rather than person-specific, an IP address is not, in and of itself, personally identifiable information. 
