> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stat-pulse.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606174838id_/https%3A//sendpulse.com/legal/pp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | SendPulse

  1. [ Home  ](https://sendpulse.com/)
  2. [ Legal  ](https://sendpulse.com/legal)
  3. Privacy Policy 



## Customer personally identifiable information (PII):

Customer’s personally identifiable information (PII) such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number, billing information as well as other account information is held in strict confidence by SendPulse!

Our website doesn’t collect PII from the user’s computer.

PII information is requested and collected in conjunction with

  * Registration of our services.
  * Providing you the services you have requested from SendPulse.



The user would voluntarily supply the company with PII when he wants to subscribe.

We do not sell or share our customer list with PII or any other customer entities!

## Customers and Subscribers Email Tracking

SendPulse company servers do not record email addresses of visitors or customers unless expressly specified for purposes such as means of identification for a service or tool available for registered and/or restricted use.

SendPulse will not sell or share subscribers’ email address to the third parties. Email addresses and other associated information generated by the subscribers are held in strict confidence!

SendPulse. keeps customers’ email addresses in order to send subscriber’s follow up messages or company news, email addresses may be used also to market SendPulse products directly to the customers.

However, if you wish to avoid receiving any future email news from SendPulse, please:

  * choose to unsubscribe from receiving SendPulse news and updates at <http://login.sendpulse.com/settings/> (this sections is available for SendPulse existing customers only) or
  * reply back to our message with ‘UNSUBSCRIBE’ in the subject line.



## Storing information under your account

Information placed and stored in the areas SendPulse Company websites (e.g. the Members’ Area) designed for the storage and retrieval of personal data or providing you the services you have requested is tied to the username and password of the member whose Internet account information is stored under.

Information which is stored or which passes through our systems (e.g. email lists or email messages’ content, passwords, etc.) is considered the property of the account owner.

SendPulse Company does not monitor, review or read such information without the permission of the owner, except to the extent required to assure the proper functioning of all SendPulse service related systems.

SendPulse will not disclose information stored under your account to any third party!

## Your personal data protection

SendPulse Company does not store individual Internet account passwords in the accessible format, and will not divulge or change any passwords on any account without proper authorization from the account owner or responsible party.

In addition, any information collected through our websites or over the Internet is transmitted using current industry-standard security and/or encryption methods aimed at protecting our customer’s information from unauthorized access or use.

We recommend that you always keep your password private, and change it periodically in order to better protect your personal data.

## Employees Rights and Liabilities

SendPulse Company employees are authorized to access customer information whenever it is necessary to review your account, provide you with requested information or services, or correct, update, delete account information. Our employees are required to treat all such personal and account information as confidential. Likewise, all

companies (these companies can include banks, registered agents, and other service providers) to whom we do disclose information to under this statement are contractually required to keep this information confidential, and to use it only as it pertains to providing you the services you have requested, and any and all functions attendant with such services.

## Summary

All customer’s identifiable and other information that SendPulse Company collects via the Internet, in person, over the phone, or in any other manner is used for internal accounting and customer service purposes, and is NOT sold, rented or disclosed to any outside party that is not involved in the provisioning of your services.

## Contact us

Please direct questions regarding this statement to SendPulse’s Customer Support staff at [support@sendpulse.com](mailto:support@sendpulse.com)
