> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 1997open.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100625015015id_/http%3A//1997open.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Open Fast UnblockService

[](https://web.archive.org/web/20100625015015id_/http%3A//1997open.com/index.php)

  * [Home](https://web.archive.org/web/20100625015015id_/http%3A//1997open.com/index.php)
  * [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/web/20100625015015id_/http%3A//1997open.com/privacy.php)
  * [Disclaimer](https://web.archive.org/web/20100625015015id_/http%3A//1997open.com/disclaimer.php)
  * [TOS](https://web.archive.org/web/20100625015015id_/http%3A//1997open.com/terms.php)


  * 


## Supported:

Facebook.com Your best friend  
everyday. 

Myspace.com For you who want to see  
new indie band acts. 

Youtube.com No longer Country limit   
videos. 

## The Ideas

Keep you save from any web threat

  


## Privacy Policy

Read on Privacy policy page

  


  


Enjoy unrestricted and uncensored browsing with our service. You make a request via our site, we fetch the resource and send it back to you. Browsing through us both keeps you anonymous from the sites you visit and allows you to bypass any network restrictions from your government, workplace or college.

  


## Privacy Policy

Our service may collect information about you during your visit. This document describes the information we collect and how it is used.

**Server Access Logs**

Our server logs all requests. The data recorded includes information provided by your browser (user agent and referring page) as well as the requested URI, the time and date and your IP address. The data recorded in these logs may be used for detecting and preventing abuse. We may also collate this data for statistical purposes.

**Service Logs**

The service provided on this website allows access to external, third-party websites. We may record your IP address and the websites you visit. The logs are used primarily for monitoring requests and ensuring no illegal activity is undertaken. Any violations of our terms of use may result in disclosure of the data recorded in our logs to an appropriate third party, which may include your Internet Service Provider (ISP) or local authorities. We may also be required, by law, to provide logs of our service and if requested, such data will be disclosed. We may also use service logs for stastical purposes.

**Cookies**

Our website stores a cookie on your computer, if allowed by your browser's privacy settings. The cookie used by our service uniquely identifies you to the server and allows our website to remember your preferences.

We may also use third-party advertising partners on our website. Advertisers may send you cookies or use web beacons. We have no control over cookies, web beacons or the information collected by our advertisers. Consult the third-party advertiser's privacy policy for more information on their practices.

The service we provide may attempt to forward third-party cookies from the websites you choose to browse. We have no control over indirect cookies and you are advised to consult the privacy policy of the applicable third-party website. If you do not wish to receive any such indirect cookies, please disable the "Allow Cookies" option.

* For more information on configuring your browser, see [AboutCookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/Default.aspx?page=1) or the documentation for your browser. We are not responsible for the content of any third-party websites.
