> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ecpi.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150607020906id_/http%3A//www.ecpi.edu/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | ECPI University

Wed, 03/12/2014 - 12:39 \-- [4](https://web.archive.org/user/1 "View user profile.")

**Updated: June 5th, 2015**

This Privacy Policy describes how ECPI University collects and uses any personally identifiable information that you submit via this Web site. We reserve the right to amend our Internet Privacy Policy at any time without notice.

ECPI University highly respects the privacy rights of our Web site visitors and is committed to protecting that privacy. The following information describes the data we collect from site visitors and how that information is used.

  1. **Non-Personally Identifiable Information.** ECPI collects a variety of information from its Web site visitors. Some of this data is not personally identifiable and is collected automatically via the use of cookies and other standard Internet Technology. Automatically collected information may include: the operating system used, the type of Web browser used, IP address, Date, time and duration of activity, and the Web sites used to enter and leave our site.
  2. **Personally identifiable information.** Personally identifiable information is collected only on a voluntary basis, at the discretion of the Web site user. For example, you may choose to provide your name, address, email address or telephone number in the Contact Us section of our Web site as a request for more information.
  3. **Use of information.** Non-personally identifiable information is used to help us improve our site by allowing us to understand and address the needs of our site visitors. This includes making our site accessible to a variety of Web browsers and operating systems. Personal information collected through the site by means of your voluntary submission, such as your name, mailing address, email address and other contact information, is used for the purpose of responding to your requests for information about ECPI. We may use the voluntary information provided to send you information about our programs and services, or updates and other information we think may be of interest to you. Information you provide to us will be held in confidence and will be strictly used for internal purposes only. ECPI may share aggregate information about our site visitors with business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. However, the personal information you provide will be kept confidential. From time to time, ECPI may contract with certain third party vendors (e.g., marketing and advertising agencies) to assist us in communicating information to and from you. In these cases, your personal information may be used by these third parties solely on behalf of ECPI to facilitate ECPI–related communications with you. Other than these instances, your personal information with not be shared with any other party (except as required by law).
  4. **Security of information.** ECPI uses best efforts to protect security of personal information collected through its Web sites. This site utilizes industry standard SSL encryption when accepting your credit card information and has been validated and determined to be secure for online transactions by SiteSafeTM Network Solutions and maintains PCI (Payment Card Industry) compliance.
  5. **User options regarding collection of information.** With regard to automatically collected information, it is standard practice for many Web sites to collect non-personally identifiable information about your Web browser, operating system, IP address and browsing history (i.e. what pages on our Web site you viewed). Any other non-personal information collected through the use of cookies, may be opted out of by disabling or rejecting cookies. (Cookies are short pieces of information used by Web browsers to remember information provided by the user.) With regard to personal information collected through our Web site, you may opt out of ECPI marketing solicitations at any time by contacting us through any campus management. Or, if you wish, you can email your request to [privacy@ecpi.edu](mailto:privacy@ecpi.edu).
  6. **Third party vendor’s collection of information.** ECPI University uses third party advertising platforms and vendors that may use cookies to serve ads on other sites, based on your visit to ECPI.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

  7. **Be sure to** include your full name, address, and email address and specify what communication you would like to terminate (e.g., terminate all communication, terminate only email communication, terminate only phone communication, etc.).
  8. **Children’s Privacy (Under the age of 18).** All persons under the age of 18 must receive parental / guardian permission before submitting personal information on this Web site. Furthermore, we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 (this includes personal information described above as well as persistent identifiers, such as IP address and cookies, except for support of internal operations of the site). If we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have collected information from a child under 13, please contact us via the information provided below.
  9. **Parents/Guardians.** Any information collected from this site is used solely for the purpose of responding to a request for information and/or to deliver the requested information. If you have a question or would like to unsubscribe your child’s information from our database, please contact us via the information provided below.
  10. **Limitation of Liability.** The ECPI Web sites may contain links to third party Web sites. Links to these Web sites are provided as a convenience only and should not be interpreted as an endorsement of the linked site, its operator or contents. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by the ecpi.edu.s157930.gridserver.com Web site.
  11. **Privacy Policy Changes.** ECPI University may change its privacy policy at any time. Should we revise this policy, we will post the updated policy on this Web site.
  12. **For more information.** For further information about this privacy policy or to correct or modify any information collected through our site, please contact us at: ECPI University, 5555 Greenwich Rd, Virginia Beach, VA 23462. Email: [privacy@ecpi.edu](mailto:privacy@ecpi.edu).


