> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the njcaa.org privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230192848id_/http%3A//www.njcaa.org/privacy_policy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# NJCAA | Privacy Policy

We use state-of-the-art encryption technology to protect your credit card/personal information. You can place your order(s) using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption.

Digital certificates encrypt data using SSL technology, which is the industry-standard method for protecting Web communications. The SSL security protocol provides data encryption, server authentication, message integrity and optional client authentication for a TCP/IP connection. Because SSL is built into all major browsers and Web servers, simply installing a digital certificate turns on their SSL capabilities.

SSL comes in two strengths, 40-bit and 128-bit, which refer to the length of the "session key;" generated by every encrypted transaction. The longer the key, the more difficult it is to break the encryption code. NJCAA.org uses 128-bit encryption. Most browsers support 128-bit SSL sessions, which is trillions of times stronger than 40-bit sessions.

| 

Protecting your privacy is important to us. This policy explains how we collect, use and disclose the personal information you may provide while using this Web site. It is always your choice whether to provide personal information through the Web site. Any personal information you provide will be treated with care, and subject to this policy, will not be used or disclosed in ways to which you have not consented. Also, you may opt-out of certain uses and disclosures of your personal information, as explained in this policy.

YOUR CONSENT 

1\. By using the Web site, you signify your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this policy.

INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED

2\. Non-Identifiable Information - Like many other Web sites, the Web site automatically collects certain non-identifiable information regarding Web site users, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer, the IP address of your Internet Service Provider, the date and time you access the Web site, the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to the Web site, the operating system you are using, the sections of the Web site you visit, the Web site pages read and images viewed and the content you download from the Web site. This non-identifiable information is used for Web site and system administration purposes and to improve the Web site. We also may use non-identifiable information to initiate interactive, real-time discussions with users. Your non-identifiable information may be disclosed to others and permanently archived for future use.

3\. Cookies - The Web site uses cookies, a technology that installs a small amount of information on a Web site user's computer to permit the Web site to recognize future visits using that computer. Cookies enhance the convenience and use of the Web site. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the Web site, so you do not have to enter your personal information every time, offer personalized Web page content and information for your use, track your activity at the Web site to respond to your needs and otherwise facilitate your Web site experience. You may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may effect your use of the Web site and your ability to access certain features of the Web site or engage in transactions through the Web site.

PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU SPECIFICALLY PROVIDE

4\. Your Personal Information - During your Web site use, you may be asked to voluntarily provide certain personal information, such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number or credit card information. This information is used to make communicating with you easier and to help you apply for access to certain special features of the Web site or carryout transactions. It is always your choice whether to provide personal information, unfortunately, without providing the requested information, certain site features will not be accessible, and you will not be able to make any transactions through the site.

5\. Use of Your Personal Information - We may use your personal information to contact and correspond with you, to respond to your inquiries, to process transactions and payments and to facilitate and enhance your use of the Web site.

We may develop a confidential customer profile for you, which will be used to provide the very best service to you.

6\. Policy Changes - To accommodate changes on the Web site, changing technology and legal developments, we have the sole discretion to change this policy from time to time without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person. New versions of this policy will be posted here. Our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information will be governed by the version of this policy in effect at that time. Accordingly, when you use the Web site you should check the date of this policy and review any changes since the last version.
