> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the alumniclass.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120630115136id_/http%3A//www.alumniclass.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Alumni High School Class Reunion Site

Last updated June 24, 2012. 

**•COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION  
• EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS  
• COMMUNICATIONS ON THE SITE  
• REGISTERING WITH OTHER SITES  
• YOUR PUBLISHED INFORMATION  
• USING THE SITE  
• INTERNATIONAL USERS  
• CHILDREN USING THE SITE  
• SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION  
• CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY **

Welcome! Alumniclass.com provides websites (referred to herein both collectively and individually as the "Website, Websites, Site, Sites, us, we, our") for alumni, users and school faculty to reconnect, email, exchange information, plan reunions and more. Our members' privacy is important to us. We are committed to the protection and privacy of our members' personal information. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of Alumniclass.com Terms of Use. Use of our Sites is conditioned upon your agreement to be bound by our Terms of Use, which incorporate this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the Sites and terminate or otherwise cancel your membership. This Privacy Policy is subject to change at the discretion of Alumniclass.com; all changes will be posted here and become effective immediately. Members should read through our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-use) and Privacy Policy periodically to learn of any changes. 

This Privacy Policy applies to information Alumniclass.com receives, collects and stores online through its websites and is incorporated into all other domains owned and operated by Alumniclass.com (referred to herein both collectively and individually as the "Website, Websites, Site, Sites, us, we, our") Other domains owned by Alumniclass.com include [www.classyears.com](http://www.classyears.com/), [www.reunionposts.org](http://www.reunionposts.org/), [www.highschoolalumnireunion.com](http://www.highschoolalumnireunion.com/), [www.reunionguidebook.com](http://www.reunionguidebook.com/), [www.johnnyandran.com](http://www.johnnyandran.com/), [www.pawzoom.com.](http://www.pawzoom.com/). Alumniclass.com websites may each offer a different set of features, functions, services and tools and we do share the information we collect from you between our sites when you register or upload any content on any of the sites owned and operated by Alumniclass.com. Some or all of your information may be shared from one Site to another Site owned and operated by Alumniclass.com. This privacy policy incorporates Alumniclass.com's company-wide Privacy Policy with regard to information and data we collect. Please refer to our Terms of Use which states the terms of use for users and members to our websites. 

**COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION**

Alumniclass.com does not share your information with third-party solicitors unless you are a reunion coordinator or committee member seeking reunion planning information from outside sources. The Site does maintain the right to use your information (e.g. your name, where you graduated from, your class year and any other information deemed necessary by Alumniclass.com) in promoting the Sites to other alumni, users, to the school or school district, through communications such as electronic newsletters, e-mails, and other lawful methods. When you co register with other sites information may be shared between us and the sites you co-register with. This may include pre-populating our sites and other sites with your information through the co-registration process. (Registering with other sites) Examples of co-registering may include but are not limited to Facebook Connect, Twitter, Pinterest, etc. Like other social networking sites, Alumniclass.com operates social networking websites and your information may be shared from site to site. 

The information you provide when you register and establish your profile on our websites (such as your name, e-mail address, hobbies, occupation, marital status, work place, community affiliations, and all other information you provide on the site) shall be maintained by Alumniclass.com and some or all of your information may be displayed on all Alumniclass.com websites. Information we display on the sites will not include your email address. Although e-mail addresses are required, you may not be required to verify your email address to become a member. If you provide an invalid email address you will not receive email notifications. Members are given the option to submit more detailed information about themselves, including (but not limited to) their maiden name, city in which they reside, birthday, marital status, and activities they participate in. However, once you are registered, your name, country of residence, your graduating year or years attended and any other information you provide on the sites, may be displayed on all Alumniclass.com Sites (excluding email addresses) and you will no longer be anonymous to other individuals who access the sites or find your information while browsing the internet. Because this information is publicly displayed on the Sites, it may appear in the results of searches conducted on internet search engines while you are a member of the Sites and potentially for some time period after your membership is terminated, depending upon the search engine's indexing practices. Because this information is public it may be included on third party websites and devices and your geographic location may also be displayed based upon the zip code you provide, mapping, community affiliations, to assist members and visitors to the websites with a tool to help find people they are looking for. Your information may be displayed on all Alumniclass.com Sites (referred to herein both collectively and individually as the "Website, Websites, Site, Sites, us, we, our") and your information will be shared between sites owned and operated by Alumniclass.com. The Alumniclass.com Sites where your information will be shared and publicly displayed include but are not limited to, [www.classyears.com](http://www.classyears.com/), [www.reunionposts.org](http://www.reunionposts.org/), [www.highschoolalumnireunion.com](http://www.highschoolalumnireunion.com/), [www.reunionguidebook.com](http://www.reunionguidebook.com/), [www.johnnyandran.com](http://www.johnnyandran.com/), [www.pawzoom.com](http://www.pawzoom.com/). Note; all of the information stored within the Site's database and server is the property of Alumniclass.com. 

**EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS**

By registering on any Alumniclass.com websites and providing your email address you are agreeing to receive email communications from us. By proceeding past the first page of the registration process you are agreeing that a profile and membership will be created for you, and the email address that you provide during registration will be used by Alumniclass.com to send email communications to you. By registering you agree that Alumniclass.com can and will, email you with promotions, newsletters, apparel sales, discounts, updates, reunion information, paid membership promotions, information about and from all Alumniclass.com Sites and any other information that Alumniclass.com determines to be necessary to email you as long as such information is lawful. If you wish not to receive certain emails from Alumniclass.com you can change your email settings or Unsubscribe from certain or all emails. Once logged in you can change your email settings by going to "My Profile" and "Update Settings" From there you will be able to make changes to your email preferences. If you need assistance please email [Customer Support.](https://web.archive.org/contact) You may be required to follow the Unsubscribe option provided in email communications from us depending on which of our Sites you are unsubscribing from. Please note that when changing your email preferences, you may still be emailed administrative notices or other necessary information regarding your membership, profile or account. We reserve the right to send you email communications related to your membership and other transactional emails without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them because such are required to maintain your account. 

**COMMUNICATIONS ON THE SITE**

When you register as a member you will receive emails from us alerting you about other member activity, uploaded content, photos, your membership, your profile, when others view your profile or other messages and communications. We may also email you other messages, communications, alerts, membership notices and other informational emails to provide instructions on how to use your membership, promotions or other services. When you register you will be automatically enrolled in one or more of our regularly recurring emails, such as our newsletter, site usage alerts and other marketing promotions. All these communications include all Alumniclass.com websites and may also be sent to your inbox on any or all of our websites. 

Each commercial email communication from us contains instructions on how you can remove yourself from our mailing list or how to opt out of certain emails. Please keep in mind that any changes that you make to your email preferences may take up to seven (7) business days to process. Each commercial email may have its own separate opt out process and each site owned and operated by Alumniclass.com may have their own opt out processes. If you have questions or trouble opting out or changing your email preferences, please email our [Customer Support.](https://web.archive.org/contact)

When you send emails through our internal email system email addresses may be hidden to protect the privacy of both the sender and the receiver. When using email communications on the Site you may choose to share your email address or other contact information with others. Please keep in mind that you are responsible for how you choose to display, communicate, upload or otherwise share your email address with others. 

**REGISTERING WITH OTHER SITES**

We may offer you the ability to register with select third-party sites such as Facebook, Twitter or other third party sites. In some instances we provide co-registration to help access your information from other third party sites and to pre-populate registration fields and other information about you. If you co-register with other third party sites and accept their terms of service, then you are automatically registered as a member of their select websites, and your personally identifiable information is shared between our site and the third party sites you co-register with. As a result, you may receive information from one of these other third party sites. We are not responsible for the use of your personally identifiable information by any third party sites. In order to cancel your membership with any other sites you will need to go directly to these other sites. 

If you join the Sites using Facebook Connect, Facebook Open Graph, Facebook API or any other provider, system, site or other that utilizes your information and provides your information to us to join the Site we will receive your personal information, such as your name, email address and other information that may pre-populate our registration form and fields within your profile. Using these services also allows you the option to post information about your activities on the Site to your profile page and this information may be shared on the Site in the same manner as all other information you provide us during the registration process. You may also visit third party websites, for example Facebook, Twitter and other sites not operated by Alumniclass.com that are connected to our websites for our users benefit and access. Such sites are operated by external, third-party service providers. These third party sites have their own separate terms of service and privacy policies. Alumniclass.com is not responsible for your use of any other site not owned or operated by Alumniclass.com. Other sites may set their own cookies, collect data, or solicit personal information. It is your responsibility to check the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service of any site before offering any of your personal information. 

**YOUR PUBLISHED INFORMATION**

Information you submit to message boards, live chat functions, photo albums or any other place on the Site may be displayed to other registered members and to the public, so please exercise care in deciding what information and images you wish to disclose. Alumniclass.com may remove certain content or any information posted on the site but assumes no responsibility to remove any information or content from the site. We may also show your membership status on the Site to inform others of your membership type and the membership options available. 

We will not share this information with third party sites unless you have co-registered with a third party site or if it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving emergencies, potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Alumniclass.com Terms of Use, or as otherwise required necessary by site administration or by law enforcement, regulation, court order, governmental requests, other law enforcement authorities or to prevent, investigate, identify persons or other entities potentially involved in, violations of our Terms of Use, or suspected illegal activities or any such which may expose us to legal liability. 

**USING THE SITE**

A. We may store the information that you provide to us and the information we receive through your browser on our servers and server log files. This information can include Internet protocol addresses ("IP Address"), the type of browser you use, your Internet service provider ("ISP"), and also other data we receive by any lawful means. We may use this information to track and analyze your internet use, user data and to detect fraud or other types of potential abuses, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. 

B. COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS  
The use of cookies is common on the internet. A cookie related to internet usage is a piece of information or file that a website may upload to a user's computer for record keeping and tracking purposes. We link cookies to your account and use them to personalize your experience on the Site. This may include but is not limited to remembering your preferences, your profile information, and customizing the content provided to you on the Website. The process we use to track your use of our site involves cookies. Our cookies are tied to your account information that you provide when registering on any of our websites. Cookies help to measure the aggregate or total usage and traffic to our site. We also use cookies to track what pages of our site you visit. You may configure your browser to reject cookies, but this may interfere with some of the features of our sites. 

We also use a web beacon (known also as a clear gif) A web beacon is a tiny graphic with a unique identifier that is placed on a web page or in an email. It functions similar to that of a cookie and is used to collect specific information, such as the time and date of your visit to our sites, and a description of the page or as a cookie identifier. We tie the information collected by web beacons to your personally identifiable account information in order to remember who you are and track your account preferences. We also may use web beacons to compile aggregate about our user's website browsing habits. We may use web beacons in our email messages sent to you to track email data and how you respond to email content and promotions. This allows us to study the effectiveness of certain emails and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns to. 

C. LOG FILES  
Like most websites we gather certain information automatically and store it in our log files or on our servers. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring or exit pages, your operating system, date and time stamp, and the areas you click on our site. We use this information to study user trends, track users' movements on our website, and to collect other demographic information about our users. We do not link our automatically collected data to your personally identifiable information. 

D. PUBLICLY DISPLAYED CONTENT  
Be aware that any information you submit on any message board, blog, and public forum or anywhere on the site can be viewed by anybody and becomes public information. Any information you submit could be used by other users and we are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit. Use caution when you choose to submit information, comments or any other content anywhere on the sites. We reserve the right to remove any uploaded content at any time but in no way assume any responsibility for the removal of any content posted on the Sites. 

E. PERSONAL PROFILE INFORMATION  
When you choose to register on the site you create a profile identifiable to your account. When you create a profile you can share as much information about yourself as you wish. The profile information you provide is publicly viewable and may be included anywhere on or throughout the Sites and on third party web sites when you have co-registered with a third party site. Use care in providing personal information about yourself that you may not want publicly disclosed. 

F. MEMBER ACTIVITY  
Anytime you use the site, view other member profiles, post messages, make comments, share information, upload photos or any other site usage, this information is tracked by us and may be displayed, shared with other users or used to market promotions related to the site. Information about you, pages you visited, profiles you have viewed may be posted and on the site and viewable by other members. The activity we track and share with other members on our sites may include photo uploads, comments, surveys, photos you tag, profiles you have viewed, games you played, scores, pages you have viewed and any other activity you have participated in on the website. If you do not want this information displayed do not join or use our Sites. 

G. MEMBERSHIP CANCELLATION  
You may at any time cancel your membership, and remove your profile from the site by logging into the site, clicking "My profile", followed by clicking "Account", and then using the membership cancellation option on that page. If you have questions or trouble cancelling your membership please email our [Customer Support](https://web.archive.org/contact) for assistance. All fees relating to any paid membership and any subsequent automatic renewal fees are non-refundable. 

**INTERNATIONAL USERS**

The information we collect and maintain is located in the United States, where privacy laws may not be identical or as protective as in your country of origin or geographic location. If you are using our Site from any area, location or country outside of the United States, by providing your information to us you are consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and maintaining in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy. 

**CHILDREN USING THE SITE**

We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information relating or pertaining to children. In the event that we learn that a child has submitted, we have collected, or a child's personally identifiable information has been submitted to the site from any person under the age of 13 years of age, without prior parental consent, we will take steps to promptly delete such information. By providing your personal information to any Alumniclass.com website you represent that you are 13 years of age or older. 

**SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION**

Alumniclass.com only shares your information with other members, other Alumniclass.com Sites, co-registered third party sites and only under the types of circumstances outlined in this Privacy Policy. We have installed physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to store and maintain your profile and member information in a reasonably secure environment. You will be required to use a password to access certain areas of the Site where certain types of your information can be changed or deleted. It is of the utmost importance, then, that you take precautions to protect yourself against unauthorized access to your password. It is your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your password. It is each member's due caution to be aware of any information they place on their profile that they deem private. We cannot guarantee that the safeguards we employ will perfectly maintain the privacy of profile information from the threats of others and factors beyond our control 

**CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY**

Alumniclass.com may update this policy at any time as our collection of information or other privacy practices or policies are changed. When we make any material changes to this privacy policy we will post changes to this page and changes will become effective immediately and the date of any such changes will be displayed as last updated and the corresponding date. We encourage you to review this page from time to time to check for changes to this privacy policy. 

Thank you! 
