> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bollandbranch.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150320182100id_/https%3A//www.bollandbranch.com/about-us/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Boll and Branch

**INTRODUCTION**  
Welcome to the Boll & Branch website (the “Site”). At Boll & Branch we seek to provide you with a wonderful shopping experience while maintaining your privacy. The information that we may collect through the Site will allow us to enhance your shopping experience by catering to your personal preferences and providing effective customer service. Please read this entire Privacy Policy which will inform you as to the types of information we gather, as well as how we will use and protect such information. By visiting the Site you are agreeing the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with our Privacy Policy, please do not access the Site.

**INFORMATION COLLECTED**  
In order to use the Site you may be required to complete a registration process in which we will collect certain personal information such as your name, address and email address. When you register, you will also consent to receive email correspondence from us. We will use your personal information to complete transactions, respond to your requests, deliver the products and services you request, and notify you of promotions, updates, or special offers that we think may interest you.

In the event that you voluntarily submit additional, unsolicited personal information during the registration process or thereafter to Boll & Branch, you expressly consent to Boll & Branch’s collection and storage of such information. If you wish to discontinue email correspondence at any time, simply follow the instructions to “Manage Your Subscription” which appear in every email we send, or contact us through our help section (LINK AND NAME CORRECTION). If you chose to invite a friend to join Boll & Branch you will need to provide us with his or her name and email address. We will store this information to track the results of your invitations.

**COOKIES**  
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a user’s computer, and that the user’s browser provides to the website each time the user returns. Boll & Branch uses cookies to help identify and track users, patterns of usage, and access preferences. Boll & Branch also uses temporary “session” cookies to make sure that you are remembered as you navigate through various pages of the Site. If you do not want to have cookies placed on your computer you can set your browser to refuse cookies before using the Site, with the drawback that certain features of the Site may not function property without the aid of cookies.

**SERVER STATISTICS**  
We collect general statistics to track user trends on our Site. These statistics include hits to our server, the types of browsers used to access our Site, page views, and navigational patterns. This type of information helps us track “where” our users are coming from so that we can target strong demographic areas and determine the most effective ways to communicate with our users. In connection with this analysis, Boll & Branch also uses devices called “web beacons” to help us identify when emails sent to you have been received and read. We may also collect IP addresses and other information in order to prevent the introduction of viruses and hackers into the Site.

**PROTECTION OF OUR INFORMATION**  
We use reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to help us protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of data stored on our system. The Site encrypts your credit card number and other personal information using secure socket layer (SSL) technology to provide for the secure transmission of the information from your PC to our servers. Except as specified in this Privacy Policy, we use commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to your personal information to the employees, officers, third-party contractors, and strategic partners of Boll & Branch who need the information in order to perform their duties. While no system is 100% secure, we believe that the measures we have implemented minimize the risk of security breach to an appropriate level given the types of information involved.

**HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION**  
Boll & Branch will use your personal information in an effort to improve your shopping experience and provide you with information, products or services that we think may be appeal to you. For example, we may share the personal information you provide to us as well as demographic information and purchase history we collect with strategic partners, such as suppliers, in order to select products that we believe may be of interest to you. Within that framework, any of our employees, third-party contractors or strategic partners whom are given access to your personal information will be contractually obligated to keep such information confidential and to use the information only to provide the services we ask them to perform for you and for us.

Except as set forth above, Boll & Branch does not rent or sell personal information to anyone, including third parties intending to use such information for direct marketing purposes. We may provide aggregate statistics, which do not include personal information, about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related Site information to reputable third party vendors. We may also disclose personal information we collect from you if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Boll & Branch, third parties or the public at large.

**INFORMATION POSTED TO BULLETIN BOARDS, CHAT ROOMS OR OTHER PUBLIC FORUMS**  
If you use a bulletin board, chat room or any other interactive or publicly accessible area of the Site, you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read, collected or used by any person for any purpose. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable or other information you choose to submit in these forums.

**LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES/ THIRD PARTY SERVICES**  
BollandBranch.com may contain links to other websites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Boll & Branch and Boll & Branch is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Boll & Branch is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Boll & Branch of the site or any association with its operators. We are not responsible for how these other companies collect, use, disclose, or secure the information that you provide them. If you choose to access a third party website linked to our Site, you do so at your own risk and subject to any terms of service or privacy policy (if any) associated with such third party websites.

Certain services made available via BollandBranch.com are delivered by third party sites and organizations. By using any product, service or functionality originating from the BollandBranch.com domain, you hereby acknowledge and consent that Boll & Branch may share such information and data with any third party with whom Boll & Branch has a contractual relationship to provide the requested product, service or functionality on behalf of BollandBranch.com users and customers.

**THIRD PARTY ACCOUNTS**  
You may be able to connect your Boll & Branch account to third party accounts. By connecting your Boll & Branch account to your third party account, you acknowledge and agree that you are consenting to the continuous release of information about you to others (in accordance with your privacy settings on those third party sites). If you do not want information about you to be shared in this manner, do not use this feature.

**COLLECTION OF INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN**  
Boll & Branch does not solicit personal information from children. If you are not 18 years old or older you are not authorized to use the Site. If we learn that a user is under 13 years of age, we will promptly delete any personal information we have collected about that user.

**ACCESSING BOLLANDBRANCH.COM FROM OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES**  
If you are visiting this Site from a location outside of the United States, you will be connected through and to servers located within the United States. Our products are not currently available for purchase outside of the United States. Should you choose to register or provide your information to us, you agree that all personal information will be used in accordance with this privacy policy and pursuant to U.S. law.

**UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
You may access and update your personal information and your preferences to receive email or other communications through the My Account page (LINK AND NAME CORRECTION). Any user who receives an email invitation to join Boll & Branch may choose not to receive such invitations at a particular email address in the future by following the instructions in the email invitation. Current members will not receive email invitations at any registered email address, but may receive invitations from friends at an email address that is not yet known to us. We will take commercially reasonable steps to implement your opt-out requests, but you may still receive communications from us for up to ten business days as we process your request.

**CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY**  
Boll & Branch reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change this Privacy Policy under which BollandBranch.com is offered. The most current version of the Terms will supersede all previous versions. Boll & Branch encourages you to periodically review the Terms to stay informed of our updates. If you have questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices please send an email message to privacy@bollandbranch.com.

Effective as of December 2, 2013
