> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the studyusa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180511193441id_/http%3A//studyusa.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

## Privacy Policy

Study in the USA, Inc. ("StudyUSA"), the operator of this website, (the "Website"), cares about your privacy. This privacy policy details what information is collected and how it is used and applies to visits made through this Website. This privacy policy covers all of StudyUSA. It does not, however, apply to entities that StudyUSA does not own or control. By using or accessing the Website, you agree to our privacy practices outlined here. 

### No information from children under age 13

If you are under age 13, please do not attempt to register for StudyUSA or provide any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us. 

### Parental participation

We strongly recommend that minors 13 years of age or older ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet and we encourage parents to teach their children about safe internet use practices. 

### Surfing Data

When you visit any page on the Website, we use standard web server log files to collect information on the efficiency and working of the Website. This information includes the number of times a web page is accessed, the browser used, paths taken when moving through the Website, and search terms entered by users. We keep this information for an indefinite time to improve the operation of the Website and to prepare anonymous data compilations regarding traffic on the Website. 

## Collection and Use of Information

### Student Login

When you sign up on StudyUSA's student login, you provide us with your name, email, gender, and birth date ("Personal Information"). You will be able to add a picture of yourself. Once you register you can provide other information about yourself by connecting with, for example, your current city, activities, school size, and other preferences. You can also provide personal information about yourself. 

We also collect and store your Personal Information, if you voluntarily enter it. This information is forwarded to our email service provider and passed on to the schools or services you identify (or sometimes to a third party partner or vendor under contract with a school or service you identify) in an email generated by our email service provider, so that the schools, services or third party partners or vendors may contact you with more information. In addition, we use this information to match you with schools based on various factors including preferences and TOEFL practice scores. We also share this information with our email service provider for the purpose of delivering a transaction confirmation to you. Other Personal Information may be shared as required to fulfill your information request or to notify you when a third party provides a product or service that we feel may be of interest to you. We may also share your Personal Information with third parties in order that they may send you information about their products or services when you have expressly consented to our doing so, such as by clicking a checkbox on the Website. Use of your Personal Information by a school, service or third party is governed by such school's, service's or third party's privacy policy. We will not share your Personal Information with anyone except as provided in this privacy policy. 

### Non-Personal information and Cookies

When you visit and interact with the Website, we may collect non-personal information such as a catalog of the site pages you visit or your IP address. Study in the USA does use cookies (small files put on your computer). 

### Schools Contacting You

Different schools and services have different methods of following up with student information requests. Some will send brochures in the mail, while others will reply via email or try to contact individuals by telephone. By using our service to request information from schools or services, you are giving permission to the schools or services (or their partners or vendors) to contact you, using the method of their choice, to fulfill your information request. 

### Sharing information on StudyUSA

This section explains how your privacy settings work, and how your information is shared on StudyUSA.  You should always consider your privacy settings before sharing information on StudyUSA. 

### Other sites

This Privacy Policy applies to Study in the USA's services only. We do not exercise control over the links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. In addition, we may use the information we collect to: 

Provide, maintain, protect, and improve our services (including advertising services) and develop new services; and Protect the rights or property of Study in the USA or our users. 

### Privacy Policy Changes

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. You agree to this Privacy Policy, and any changes to the same, by visiting this Website. Therefore, we encourage you to review changes to our privacy policy every time you visit this Website. 

### Security

StudyUSA has established safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of your personal information, but cannot guarantee that your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy (for example, as a result of unauthorized acts by third parties that violate applicable law or relevant Web policies). 

### Contact

We invite you to contact us if you have questions about our privacy policy. You may contact us through the website or write to us at: 

Study in the USA, Inc.  
100 S King St #425  
Seattle, WA 98104  

