> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the studocu.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140615013525id_/http%3A//www.studocu.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# StuDocu.com | Free Summaries, Old Exams, Lecture Notes & Solutions

* * *

#### Introduction

It is a great importance for StuDocu.com to protect the privacy of users and visitors on our website. Information that StuDocu.com will generate about you will be treated with the utmost care and security. StuDocu.com abides strictly with all applicable laws and regulations, including the Data Protection Act (WBP). For questions or comments about our privacy and cookie policy, please feel free to contact StuDocu.com via the contact form!

 **Processed data**

 **Information you provide to us.**  To use our services, you must register for an account. The account information will provide personal details such as your name, email address or telephone number. If you want to take full advantage of the features we offer you can also create a visible profile that can include your name and photo.  
 **Information we receive based on your use of our services**. We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them. This could include the courses you have undertaken, how many and what files you have downloaded.

 **Data storing**

We collect information to collaborate with all of our users which will therefore offer a better service overall. By saving the details of the courses you are take and the year you are in at university, we could use this information to personalize the website which will improve the site by becoming more user friendly.

Our purpose is not to share the stored data with third parties. As mentioned we may use the email addresses to share important information with our users. Our emails may contain information about our partners.

 **Google Analytics**

StuDocu.com uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google "). Google Analytics uses "cookies " (small text files placed on your computer) to help analyze how users work on the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google transmits this data information on your use of the website to web operators and provides other services related to internet activity and usage. Reports on website activity for Google may also transfer this information to third parties if Google is required to do so by law, or if such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You can refuse cookies by changing the settings on your browser.  However, we point out that you can possibly not use all features of this website if this is the case.

 By using our website, you consent to the processing of data on you web browsing by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

 **Change of Privacy Policy**

It is not inconceivable that the privacy and cookie policy of StuDocu.com in the near future will be extended or modified. We advise you to check this page regularly. When the changes are very radical in nature, we will make sure that these are communicated to you in a clear and concise manner . 
