> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the studysync.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-02-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120223145001id_/http%3A//www.studysync.com/privacyPolicy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# StudySync

StudySync® is a trademark of and [www.studysync.com](http://www.studysync.com/) is a domain name belonging to BookheadEd Learning, LLC (referred to herein as "StudySync®" or "us" or "we"). This document explains what information we collect about visitors and subscribers (together referred to as "Users" or "You") to our websites and how we use this information.

The privacy of those who visit our websites is important to us. We support the goals and guidelines set forth by oversight laws and bodies such as the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), the Center for Media Education (CME), the Children's Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the Council of Better Business Bureaus and other organizations devoted to providing online safety and privacy for children, households, parents, and schools. We design and operate our technology and services with our Users' protection and privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of information we gather when Users access StudySync®'s websites, technology, and services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it against unauthorized use.

StudySync® does not routinely collect personally identifying information from Users entering our websites. We may make use of a standard feature found in browser software, called a "cookie", to assign each visitor a unique, random number. Cookies allow us to track the pages on our sites visited by Users and to collect other statistical information. Using cookies helps us to deliver a more personalized service to our Users and to improve our services.

StudySync® does not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from any Person under the age of 18 ("Minors"). Minors may not use our websites without parental consent or the consent of and participation of Users teachers, schools, or school districts. If we learn that any personal information about any Minor has been collected without parental consent, then we will take reasonable steps to delete any such information.

**A note to those under 18: Please get permission from your parents before using our websites or sending any e-mail to us or to anyone on the Internet. If you wish to subscribe to any of our websites, your parents need to complete the subscription form for you.**

From those Users who order services or products from us, we collect limited usage information in connection with User logins and passwords in order to monitor subscription compliance. This information is kept confidential and is not shared or sold to third parties. As part of our subscription and registration process, subscribers are asked to voluntarily submit limited personal information in order to create an account (typically name, age, e-mail address, affiliation, phone number, payment information, and unique user name and password).

StudySync® will not sell or market directly to minors and always seeks parental or legal guardian's authorization whenever we identify that a minor attempts to purchase a StudySync® product or service or provide personally-identifiable information to us.

When a User enters sensitive information (such as credit card numbers) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using encryption techniques common in e-commerce, such as secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and while maintaining this information. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot and do not guarantee the information's absolute security.

We will use subscription or registration information provided by Users only to provide or update our services, and we will not sell or license that information to third parties.

If a User wishes to subscribe to our Blasts or newsletter(s), we will use his or her name and e-mail address or phone number account (if provided) for text messaging to send the Blast or newsletter. Out of respect for privacy, we provide a simple way to unsubscribe from the Blast or newsletter. We will send Users service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary or advisable to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send an informational email.
