> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the studentdoc.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121229133432id_/http%3A//www.studentdoc.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy statement for Studentdoc.com

##  Privacy statement for Studentdoc.com 

## Medical Resource Group  
Privacy Statement

**1.   Purpose.** Medical Resource Group, LLC (MRG or we) which is the owner of Studentdoc.com (website or site) created this _Privacy Statement_ to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following policy discloses MRG’s information collecting, use, and disclosure practices for our website.

**2.   Users are Bound by this Agreement.** Users that access the Site agree to be bound by this [Terms and Conditions of Usage](http://www.studentdoc.com/msrg_info.html) (Agreement) and by MRG’s Privacy Notice which is incorporated by reference.  Users that do not wish to be bound by this Agreement, may not access or use the Site.    If you do not agree to any of these terms, then please do not use this Site.

**3.   Contact Information.** If you have any questions regarding our _Privacy Statement_ and policies or your dealings with our website, please contact us as follows:

[editor@studentdoc.com](mailto:editor@studentdoc.com)

Or write:

MRG, LLC  
Legal Division  
Copyright Agent   
3525 Rochester Road   
Troy, MI 48083

**4.   Reserved Rights.** We reserve the right to revise our _Privacy Statement_ at any time at our discretion. Changes to our _Privacy Statement_ and _Statement Regarding Legal Communications_ will become effective upon posting to our website.  You are responsible for checking this policy periodically to monitor any changes to our privacy practices. Continued access or use of this Site shall be deemed as conclusive acceptance of the modified agreement.

**5.   Parental Guidance is Required**.  Children are not eligible to use our website or our services, and we ask that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal information to MRG. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians supervision or as permitted under Title XIII of the United State Code – _Children’s Online Privacy Protection Section Act1303_ , (Regulation of Unfair and Deceptive Acts and Practices in connection with the collection and use of personal information from and about children on the internet).

**6.   Personal Information.** Personal information includes information such as your zip code, your usage patterns, name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and other similar information collected on the website, unless it is unauthorized by law. Private information is stored in a secure electronic format and periodically deleted.

**7.   Use of Personal Information.** We use the personal information you supply us, to enhance our services; fulfill your requests for products, programs, or services; and personalize your experience. We also use other information obtained from your traffic patterns to better provide you with a personalized experience.

We may share personally identifiable information with third parties vendors.  However, we do not share your personally identifiable information with the public.

The information provided is used to personalize and enhance the website and services such as providing you with information we believe will be of interest to you; contact users for feedback; we may also use the information we collect to develop summary reports for our advertisers. We provide this information to assist our advertisers in determining how to promote their products. We do not tell our advertisers who it was that saw or clicked on their advertisements.

We use third-party advertising companies, including Google, to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

**8.   Offer Products or Services.** We may from time to time approach you regarding product, service, and other information, or offers which we feel, based on your Personal Information, may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive such information, you can contact us in the manner provided above.

**9.   Regulatory Issues.** In addition, Personal Information may be released to third parties (i) if we are required by law to comply with a legal requirement, such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena, or court order; (ii) if release of such information is required in connection with the maintenance and administration or our MRG; (iii) in the very rare circumstance in which we believe in good faith there is a threat to the physical security of you or others. Although it is MRG’s policy to attempt to require our third parties to whom we provide Personal Information to comply with our privacy policies, we cannot guarantee their compliance.

**10.   Registration.** MRG requires users to complete a registration forms or create a user name and password.  Registration information is stored electronically in a secure location.

**11.   Credit Cards.** MRG does accept and use credit card processing.  User credit card information is stored electronically in a secured location.

**12.   Profiles.** Currently, MRG does not gather information to create a “profile” of your preferences. However, we may create user profiles in the future.

**13.   Surveys or Contests.** From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our website. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).  We use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes, to monitor MRG traffic, and to improve or personalize the MRG as appropriate.  We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using our users’ personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties.

**14.   Public Forums.** We may employ the use of chat rooms, forums, message boards, or news groups in the future. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and that you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information. Representation information should not be disclosed in public forums.

**15.   E-mail Announcements or Newsletters.** MRG may from time to time use e-mail to send announcements regarding new products, services, and/or promotions, and informational newsletters, either directly related to the MRG or from a third party that may be of interest to our customers. Announcements via email are on an opt-in basis only. By posting material on any of our interactive areas, you are opting in to receiving these e-mail announcements. You can choose to unsubscribe by sending an e-mail to:  [editor@studentdoc.com](mailto:editor@studentdoc.com).

**16.   Cookies.** The website may collect certain information about how website visitors and users use the website by using technology called "cookies", which are bits of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies can enhance your online experience by automatically saving your preferences and products selected for purchase. We may use cookies because they help us to provide you a better online experience. The information we collect through the use of cookies does allow MRG to know when and for how long you logged on to the our website, so that we can try to understand how to better serve your needs. Nonetheless, as is the intention with all elements of this Privacy Statement, unless otherwise posted, MRG may share certain personal information, such as your zip code or your usage patterns, name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and other similar information collected on the website with any third party, unless it is unauthorized by law. If you object to the use of cookies for any reason, you may set your internet browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it. If, however, you decline to receive cookies, you may have difficulty in using certain features of the website.

The website maintains various relationships with third-party advertisers and brokerage firms, for the purpose of displaying advertisements to visitors of the website. While we use cookies in other parts of the website, cookies received with banner advertisements displayed on the website may be collected by third party advertisers, and we have no access to or control over these cookies. This Privacy Statement covers the use of cookies by our website only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. In the course of serving advertisements, these advertisers may use information (including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites to provide advertisements from other websites about goods and services of potential interest to you.

**17.   Log Files.** As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.

**18.   Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs).** We employ, and/or our third party advertising partners, may employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our website by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information.

**19.   Usage Tracking.** Our website automatically tracks certain information from users. This information includes the URL that the user came from, what browser the user is using and the user’s IP address. Many websites automatically collect this information. We gather and use such information to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website.

**20.   Interactive Services.** Neither MRG, nor its affiliates, are liable for information posted in interactive areas. MRG may provide interactive areas to enhance the user experience and to build a healthy community around our website or its products and services. Each user acknowledges that should he or she participate in such interactive areas, the information you voluntarily post about yourself and third parties in such areas might be accessed, collected and used by third parties outside of our website, and may also be distributed to others for the purposes of advertising or other related purposes.

In addition, you may not post any defamatory, obscene, pornographic, slanderous, or otherwise illegal material, or any material which infringes any third-party copyrights or other intellectual property rights on any areas of our website. Violators will be subject to termination of use and possible legal action, and hereby consent to hold the MRG and its Affiliates harmless. Although the website employs security technology, it cannot guarantee complete security in user’s private information.  As a result, MRG and its Affiliates will not be held liable for any users or other visitor's disclosure of personal information on the website or any other website MRG operates.

**21.   Security.** Our Web site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. User information is stored on servers protected by firewall, system-level, and database-level security.

Only those employees of MRG who require access to data concerning users are granted access to the data (e.g., marketing product managers, system administrators, customer service representatives, and engineering personnel). Access to user data by employees is further limited by being solely available through a dedicated administrative interface and through use of a restricted user ID and password.  In addition, every employee of MRG is required to sign MRG’s standard Nondisclosure Agreement which requires employees to keep user data confidential. MRG’s internal website security policies are reviewed and revised on a regular basis.

**22.   Data Quality and Access.** In accordance with the Fair Information Practices defined by the U.S. government, MRG encourages users to correct any inaccuracies in personal information that has been previously provided to the website. You may correct or update your information by sending an e-mail to [editor@studentdoc.com](mailto:editor@studentdoc.com).

**23.   Feedback.** Users may provide feedback (e.g., input and suggestions) to MRG regarding the website. Users providing feedback must provide their name and e-mail address. Any contact information entered when providing feedback will only be used to acknowledge or respond to that feedback. Users are encouraged to provide their input and suggestions by sending an e-mail to [editor@Studentdoc.com](mailto:editor@Studentdoc.com).

**24.   International Information.** Personal data that you have voluntarily entered is delivered electronically to servers located in the United States. By using this website, you consent to the transfer of this data and to MRG’s use of such data as outlined in this policy.

**25.   Business Transitions.** In the event that MRG makes business transition, such as becoming part of a merger, acquisition by another organization, or distribution of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. If such a transition occurs, you will be notified on our website for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.

**26.   Related Links.** This website may contain links to websites not owned or controlled by MRG.  We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any such website.  MRG’s Privacy Statement is a component of, and incorporated into, our Terms and Conditions of Use.  This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the MRG.

Last Updated 4-12-09

[ ](http://digg.com/submit?url=http:www.studentdoc.com/privacy.html&title=Privacy+statement+for+Studentdoc.com&bodytext=%3Ch2%3EMedical+Resource+Group%3Cbr+%2F%3E+Privacy+Statement%3C%2Fh2%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E1.%C2%A0+Purpose.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+Medical+Resource+Group%2C+LLC+%28MRG+or+we%29++++++++++++++++++++which+is+the+owner+of+Studentdoc.com+%28website+or+site%29+created++++++++++++++++++++this+%3Cem%3EPrivacy+Statement%3C%2Fem%3E+to+demonstrate+our+firm+commitment++++++++++++++++++++to+privacy.+The+following+policy+discloses+MRG%E2%80%99s+information++++++++++++++++++++collecting%2C+use%2C+and+disclosure+practices+for+our+website.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E2.%C2%A0+Users+are+Bound+by+this+Agreement.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+Users+that+access+the+Site+agree+to+be+bound+by+this+%3Ca+href%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.studentdoc.com%2Fmsrg_info.html%22%3ETerms++++++++++++++++++++and+Conditions+of+Usage%3C%2Fa%3E+%28Agreement%29+and+by+MRG%E2%80%99s+Privacy++++++++++++++++++++Notice+which+is+incorporated+by+reference.%C2%A0+Users+that+do+not++++++++++++++++++++wish+to+be+bound+by+this+Agreement%2C+may+not+access+or+use+the++++++++++++++++++++Site.%C2%A0%C2%A0%C2%A0+If+you+do+not+agree+to+any+of+these+terms%2C+then+please++++++++++++++++++++do+not+use+this+Site.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E3.%C2%A0+Contact+Information.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+If+you+have+any+questions+regarding+our+%3Cem%3EPrivacy+Statement%3C%2Fem%3E+and+policies+or+your+dealings+with+our+website%2C+please+contact++++++++++++++++++++us+as+follows%3A%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Ca+href%3D%22mailto%3Aeditor%40studentdoc.com%22%3Eeditor%40studentdoc.com%3C%2Fa%3E%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3EOr+write%3A%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3EMRG%2C+LLC%3Cbr+%2F%3E+Legal+Division%3Cbr+%2F%3E+Copyright+Agent%C2%A0%3Cbr+%2F%3E+3525+Rochester+Road%C2%A0%3Cbr+%2F%3E+Troy%2C+MI+48083%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E4.%C2%A0+Reserved+Rights.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+We++++++++++++++++++++reserve+the+right+to+revise+our+%3Cem%3EPrivacy+Statement%3C%2Fem%3E+at++++++++++++++++++++any+time+at+our+discretion.+Changes+to+our+%3Cem%3EPrivacy+Statement%3C%2Fem%3E+and+%3Cem%3EStatement+Regarding+Legal+Communications%3C%2Fem%3E+will+become++++++++++++++++++++effective+upon+posting+to+our+website.%C2%A0+You+are+responsible++++++++++++++++++++for+checking+this+policy+periodically+to+monitor+any+changes++++++++++++++++++++to+our+privacy+practices.+Continued+access+or+use+of+this+Site++++++++++++++++++++shall+be+deemed+as+conclusive+acceptance+of+the+modified+agreement.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E5.%C2%A0+Parental+Guidance+is+Required%3C%2Fstrong%3E.%C2%A0+Children+are+not+eligible++++++++++++++++++to+use+our+website+or+our+services%2C+and+we+ask+that+minors+%28under++++++++++++++++++the+age+of+18%29+do+not+submit+any+personal+information+to+MRG.++++++++++++++++++If+you+are+a+minor%2C+you+can+use+this+service+only+in+conjunction++++++++++++++++++with+your+parents+or+guardians+supervision+or+as+permitted+under++++++++++++++++++Title+XIII+of+the+United+State+Code+%E2%80%93+%3Cem%3EChildren%E2%80%99s+Online+Privacy++++++++++++++++++Protection+Section+Act1303%3C%2Fem%3E%2C+%28Regulation+of+Unfair+and+Deceptive++++++++++++++++++Acts+and+Practices+in+connection+with+the+collection+and+use+of++++++++++++++++++personal+information+from+and+about+children+on+the+internet%29.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E6.%C2%A0+Personal+Information.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+Personal++++++++++++++++++++information+includes+information+such+as+your+zip+code%2C+your++++++++++++++++++++usage+patterns%2C+name%2C+address%2C+phone+number%2C+e-mail+address%2C++++++++++++++++++++and+other+similar+information+collected+on+the+website%2C+unless++++++++++++++++++++it+is+unauthorized+by+law.+Private+information+is+stored+in++++++++++++++++++++a+secure+electronic+format+and+periodically+deleted.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E7.%C2%A0+Use+of+Personal+Information.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+We+use+the+personal+information+you+supply+us%2C+to+enhance+our++++++++++++++++++++services%3B+fulfill+your+requests+for+products%2C+programs%2C+or+services%3B++++++++++++++++++++and+personalize+your+experience.+We+also+use+other+information++++++++++++++++++++obtained+from+your+traffic+patterns+to+better+provide+you+with++++++++++++++++++++a+personalized+experience.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3EWe+++++++++++++++++++may+share+personally+identifiable+information+with+third+parties+++++++++++++++++++vendors.%C2%A0+However%2C+we+do+not+share+your+personally+identifiable+++++++++++++++++++information+with+the+public.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3EThe++++++++++++++++++++information+provided+is+used+to+personalize+and+enhance+the++++++++++++++++++++website+and+services+such+as+providing+you+with+information++++++++++++++++++++we+believe+will+be+of+interest+to+you%3B+contact+users+for+feedback%3B++++++++++++++++++++we+may+also+use+the+information+we+collect+to+develop+summary++++++++++++++++++++reports+for+our+advertisers.+We+provide+this+information+to++++++++++++++++++++assist+our+advertisers+in+determining+how+to+promote+their+products.++++++++++++++++++++We+do+not+tell+our+advertisers+who+it+was+that+saw+or+clicked++++++++++++++++++++on+their+advertisements.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3EWe+use+third-party++++++++++++++++++++advertising+companies%2C+including+Google%2C+to+serve+ads+when+you++++++++++++++++++++visit+our+website.+These+companies+may+use+information+%28not++++++++++++++++++++including+your+name%2C+address%2C+email+address%2C+or+telephone+number%29++++++++++++++++++++about+your+visits+to+this+and+other+websites+in+order+to+provide++++++++++++++++++++advertisements+about+goods+and+services+of+interest+to+you.++++++++++++++++++++If+you+would+like+more+information+about+this+practice+and+to++++++++++++++++++++know+your+choices+about+not+having+this+information+used+by++++++++++++++++++++these+companies%2C+visit+the+%3Ca+href%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2Fprivacy_ads.html%22%3EGoogle++++++++++++++++++++ad+and+content+network+privacy+policy%3C%2Fa%3E.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E8.%C2%A0+Offer+Products+or+Services.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+We+may+from+time+to+time+approach+you+regarding+product%2C+service%2C++++++++++++++++++++and+other+information%2C+or+offers+which+we+feel%2C+based+on+your++++++++++++++++++++Personal+Information%2C+may+be+of+interest+to+you.+If+you+do+not++++++++++++++++++++wish+to+receive+such+information%2C+you+can+contact+us+in+the++++++++++++++++++++manner+provided+above.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E9.%C2%A0+Regulatory+Issues.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+In+addition%2C+Personal+Information+may+be+released+to+third+parties++++++++++++++++++++%28i%29+if+we+are+required+by+law+to+comply+with+a+legal+requirement%2C++++++++++++++++++++such+as+a+law%2C+regulation%2C+search+warrant%2C+subpoena%2C+or+court++++++++++++++++++++order%3B+%28ii%29+if+release+of+such+information+is+required+in+connection++++++++++++++++++++with+the+maintenance+and+administration+or+our+MRG%3B+%28iii%29+in++++++++++++++++++++the+very+rare+circumstance+in+which+we+believe+in+good+faith++++++++++++++++++++there+is+a+threat+to+the+physical+security+of+you+or+others.++++++++++++++++++++Although+it+is+MRG%E2%80%99s+policy+to+attempt+to+require+our+third++++++++++++++++++++parties+to+whom+we+provide+Personal+Information+to+comply+with++++++++++++++++++++our+privacy+policies%2C+we+cannot+guarantee+their+compliance.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E10.%C2%A0+Registration.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+MRG+requires+users+to+complete+a+registration+forms+or+create++++++++++++++++++++a+user+name+and+password.%C2%A0+Registration+information+is+stored++++++++++++++++++++electronically+in+a+secure+location.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E11.%C2%A0+Credit+Cards.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+MRG+does+accept+and+use+credit+card+processing.%C2%A0+User+credit++++++++++++++++++++card+information+is+stored+electronically+in+a+secured+location.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E12.%C2%A0+Profiles.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+Currently%2C+MRG+does+not+gather+information+to+create+a+%E2%80%9Cprofile%E2%80%9D++++++++++++++++++++of+your+preferences.+However%2C+we+may+create+user+profiles+in++++++++++++++++++++the+future.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E13.%C2%A0+Surveys+or+Contests.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+From+time-to-time+we+may+provide+you+the+opportunity+to+participate++++++++++++++++++++in+contests+or+surveys+on+our+website.+If+you+participate%2C+we++++++++++++++++++++will+request+certain+personally+identifiable+information+from++++++++++++++++++++you.+Participation+in+these+surveys+or+contests+is+completely++++++++++++++++++++voluntary+and+you+therefore+have+a+choice+whether+or+not+to++++++++++++++++++++disclose+this+information.+The+requested+information+typically++++++++++++++++++++includes+contact+information+%28such+as+name+and+shipping+address%29%2C++++++++++++++++++++and+demographic+information+%28such+as+zip+code%29.%C2%A0+We+use+this++++++++++++++++++++information+to+notify+contest+winners+and+award+prizes%2C+to+monitor++++++++++++++++++++MRG+traffic%2C+and+to+improve+or+personalize+the+MRG+as+appropriate.%C2%A0++++++++++++++++++++We+may+use+a+third+party+service+provider+to+conduct+these+surveys++++++++++++++++++++or+contests%3B+that+company+will+be+prohibited+from+using+our++++++++++++++++++++users%E2%80%99+personally+identifiable+information+for+any+other+purpose.++++++++++++++++++++We+will+not+share+the+personally+identifiable+information+you++++++++++++++++++++provide+through+a+contest+or+survey+with+other+third+parties.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E14.%C2%A0+Public+Forums.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+We++++++++++++++++++++may+employ+the+use+of+chat+rooms%2C+forums%2C+message+boards%2C+or++++++++++++++++++++news+groups+in+the+future.+Please+remember+that+any+information++++++++++++++++++++that+is+disclosed+in+these+areas+becomes+public+information%2C++++++++++++++++++++and+that+you+should+exercise+caution+when+deciding+to+disclose++++++++++++++++++++your+Personal+Information.+Representation+information+should++++++++++++++++++++not+be+disclosed+in+public+forums.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E15.%C2%A0+E-mail+Announcements+or+Newsletters.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+MRG+may+from+time+to+time+use+e-mail+to+send+announcements+regarding++++++++++++++++++++new+products%2C+services%2C+and%2For+promotions%2C+and+informational++++++++++++++++++++newsletters%2C+either+directly+related+to+the+MRG+or+from+a+third++++++++++++++++++++party+that+may+be+of+interest+to+our+customers.+Announcements++++++++++++++++++++via+email+are+on+an+opt-in+basis+only.+By+posting+material+on++++++++++++++++++++any+of+our+interactive+areas%2C+you+are+opting+in+to+receiving++++++++++++++++++++these+e-mail+announcements.+You+can+choose+to+unsubscribe+by++++++++++++++++++++sending+an+e-mail+to%3A%C2%A0%3Ca+href%3D%22mailto%3Aeditor%40studentdoc.com%22%3Eeditor%40studentdoc.com%3C%2Fa%3E.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E16.%C2%A0+Cookies.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+The+website+may+collect+certain+information+about+how+website++++++++++++++++++++visitors+and+users+use+the+website+by+using+technology+called++++++++++++++++++++%22cookies%22%2C+which+are+bits+of+information+that+a+website++++++++++++++++++++transfers+to+an+individual%27s+hard+drive+for+record+keeping+purposes.++++++++++++++++++++Cookies+can+enhance+your+online+experience+by+automatically++++++++++++++++++++saving+your+preferences+and+products+selected+for+purchase.++++++++++++++++++++We+may+use+cookies+because+they+help+us+to+provide+you+a+better++++++++++++++++++++online+experience.+The+information+we+collect+through+the+use++++++++++++++++++++of+cookies+does+allow+MRG+to+know+when+and+for+how+long+you++++++++++++++++++++logged+on+to+the+our+website%2C+so+that+we+can+try+to+understand++++++++++++++++++++how+to+better+serve+your+needs.+Nonetheless%2C+as+is+the+intention++++++++++++++++++++with+all+elements+of+this+Privacy+Statement%2C+unless+otherwise++++++++++++++++++++posted%2C+MRG+may+share+certain+personal+information%2C+such+as++++++++++++++++++++your+zip+code+or+your+usage+patterns%2C+name%2C+address%2C+phone+number%2C++++++++++++++++++++e-mail+address%2C+and+other+similar+information+collected+on+the++++++++++++++++++++website+with+any+third+party%2C+unless+it+is+unauthorized+by+law.++++++++++++++++++++If+you+object+to+the+use+of+cookies+for+any+reason%2C+you+may++++++++++++++++++++set+your+internet+browser+to+notify+you+when+you+receive+a+cookie%2C++++++++++++++++++++giving+you+the+opportunity+to+decide+whether+to+accept+it.+If%2C++++++++++++++++++++however%2C+you+decline+to+receive+cookies%2C+you+may+have+difficulty++++++++++++++++++++in+using+certain+features+of+the+website.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3EThe+++++++++++++++++++website+maintains+various+relationships+with+third-party+advertisers+++++++++++++++++++and+brokerage+firms%2C+for+the+purpose+of+displaying+advertisements+++++++++++++++++++to+visitors+of+the+website.+While+we+use+cookies+in+other+parts+++++++++++++++++++of+the+website%2C+cookies+received+with+banner+advertisements+displayed+++++++++++++++++++on+the+website+may+be+collected+by+third+party+advertisers%2C+and+++++++++++++++++++we+have+no+access+to+or+control+over+these+cookies.+This+Privacy+++++++++++++++++++Statement+covers+the+use+of+cookies+by+our+website+only+and+does+++++++++++++++++++not+cover+the+use+of+cookies+by+any+advertisers.+In+the+course+++++++++++++++++++of+serving+advertisements%2C+these+advertisers+may+use+information+++++++++++++++++++%28including+your+name%2C+address%2C+email+address+or+telephone+number%29+++++++++++++++++++about+your+visits+to+this+and+other+websites+to+provide+advertisements+++++++++++++++++++from+other+websites+about+goods+and+services+of+potential+interest+++++++++++++++++++to+you.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E17.%C2%A0+Log+Files.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+As+is+true+of+most+websites%2C+we+gather+certain+information+automatically++++++++++++++++++++and+store+it+in+log+files.+This+information+includes+internet++++++++++++++++++++protocol+%28IP%29+addresses%2C+browser+type%2C+internet+service+provider++++++++++++++++++++%28ISP%29%2C+referring%2Fexit+pages%2C+operating+system%2C+date%2Ftime+stamp%2C++++++++++++++++++++and+clickstream+data.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E18.%C2%A0+Clear+Gifs+%28Web+Beacons%2FWeb+Bugs%29.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+We+employ%2C+and%2For+our+third+party+advertising+partners%2C+may++++++++++++++++++++employ+a+software+technology+called+clear+gifs+%28a.k.a.+Web+Beacons%2FWeb++++++++++++++++++++Bugs%29%2C+that+help+us+better+manage+content+on+our+website+by++++++++++++++++++++informing+us+what+content+is+effective.+Clear+gifs+are+tiny++++++++++++++++++++graphics+with+a+unique+identifier%2C+similar+in+function+to+cookies%2C++++++++++++++++++++and+are+used+to+track+the+online+movements+of+web+users.+In++++++++++++++++++++contrast+to+cookies%2C+which+are+stored+on+a+user%E2%80%99s+computer+hard++++++++++++++++++++drive%2C+clear+gifs+are+embedded+invisibly+on+Web+pages.+We+do++++++++++++++++++++not+tie+the+information+gathered+by+clear+gifs+to+our+customers%E2%80%99++++++++++++++++++++personally+identifiable+information.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E19.%C2%A0+Usage+Tracking.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+Our++++++++++++++++++++website+automatically+tracks+certain+information+from+users.++++++++++++++++++++This+information+includes+the+URL+that+the+user+came+from%2C+what++++++++++++++++++++browser+the+user+is+using+and+the+user%E2%80%99s+IP+address.+Many+websites++++++++++++++++++++automatically+collect+this+information.+We+gather+and+use+such++++++++++++++++++++information+to+help+diagnose+problems+with+our+server+and+to++++++++++++++++++++administer+our+website.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E20.%C2%A0+Interactive+Services.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+Neither+MRG%2C+nor+its+affiliates%2C+are+liable+for+information++++++++++++++++++++posted+in+interactive+areas.+MRG+may+provide+interactive+areas++++++++++++++++++++to+enhance+the+user+experience+and+to+build+a+healthy+community++++++++++++++++++++around+our+website+or+its+products+and+services.+Each+user+acknowledges++++++++++++++++++++that+should+he+or+she+participate+in+such+interactive+areas%2C++++++++++++++++++++the+information+you+voluntarily+post+about+yourself+and+third++++++++++++++++++++parties+in+such+areas+might+be+accessed%2C+collected+and+used++++++++++++++++++++by+third+parties+outside+of+our+website%2C+and+may+also+be+distributed++++++++++++++++++++to+others+for+the+purposes+of+advertising+or+other+related+purposes.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3EIn+++++++++++++++++++addition%2C+you+may+not+post+any+defamatory%2C+obscene%2C+pornographic%2C+++++++++++++++++++slanderous%2C+or+otherwise+illegal+material%2C+or+any+material+which+++++++++++++++++++infringes+any+third-party+copyrights+or+other+intellectual+property+++++++++++++++++++rights+on+any+areas+of+our+website.+Violators+will+be+subject+++++++++++++++++++to+termination+of+use+and+possible+legal+action%2C+and+hereby+consent+++++++++++++++++++to+hold+the+MRG+and+its+Affiliates+harmless.+Although+the+website+++++++++++++++++++employs+security+technology%2C+it+cannot+guarantee+complete+security+++++++++++++++++++in+user%E2%80%99s+private+information.%C2%A0+As+a+result%2C+MRG+and+its+Affiliates+++++++++++++++++++will+not+be+held+liable+for+any+users+or+other+visitor%27s+disclosure+++++++++++++++++++of+personal+information+on+the+website+or+any+other+website+MRG+++++++++++++++++++operates.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E21.%C2%A0+Security.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+Our+Web++++++++++++++++++++site+has+security+measures+in+place+to+protect+the+loss%2C+misuse%2C++++++++++++++++++++and+alteration+of+the+information+under+our+control.+User+information++++++++++++++++++++is+stored+on+servers+protected+by+firewall%2C+system-level%2C+and++++++++++++++++++++database-level+security.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3EOnly+++++++++++++++++++those+employees+of+MRG+who+require+access+to+data+concerning+users+++++++++++++++++++are+granted+access+to+the+data+%28e.g.%2C+marketing+product+managers%2C+++++++++++++++++++system+administrators%2C+customer+service+representatives%2C+and+engineering+++++++++++++++++++personnel%29.+Access+to+user+data+by+employees+is+further+limited+++++++++++++++++++by+being+solely+available+through+a+dedicated+administrative+interface+++++++++++++++++++and+through+use+of+a+restricted+user+ID+and+password.%C2%A0+In+addition%2C+++++++++++++++++++every+employee+of+MRG+is+required+to+sign+MRG%E2%80%99s+standard+Nondisclosure+++++++++++++++++++Agreement+which+requires+employees+to+keep+user+data+confidential.+++++++++++++++++++MRG%E2%80%99s+internal+website+security+policies+are+reviewed+and+revised+++++++++++++++++++on+a+regular+basis.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E22.%C2%A0+Data+Quality+and+Access.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+In++++++++++++++++++++accordance+with+the+Fair+Information+Practices+defined+by+the++++++++++++++++++++U.S.+government%2C+MRG+encourages+users+to+correct+any+inaccuracies++++++++++++++++++++in+personal+information+that+has+been+previously+provided+to++++++++++++++++++++the+website.+You+may+correct+or+update+your+information+by+sending++++++++++++++++++++an+e-mail+to+editor%40studentdoc.com.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E23.%C2%A0+Feedback.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+Users++++++++++++++++++++may+provide+feedback+%28e.g.%2C+input+and+suggestions%29+to+MRG+regarding++++++++++++++++++++the+website.+Users+providing+feedback+must+provide+their+name++++++++++++++++++++and+e-mail+address.+Any+contact+information+entered+when+providing++++++++++++++++++++feedback+will+only+be+used+to+acknowledge+or+respond+to+that++++++++++++++++++++feedback.+Users+are+encouraged+to+provide+their+input+and+suggestions++++++++++++++++++++by+sending+an+e-mail+to+editor%40Studentdoc.com.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E24.%C2%A0+International+Information.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+Personal++++++++++++++++++++data+that+you+have+voluntarily+entered+is+delivered+electronically++++++++++++++++++++to+servers+located+in+the+United+States.+By+using+this+website%2C++++++++++++++++++++you+consent+to+the+transfer+of+this+data+and+to+MRG%E2%80%99s+use+of++++++++++++++++++++such+data+as+outlined+in+this+policy.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E25.%C2%A0+Business+Transitions.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+In+the+event+that+MRG+makes+business+transition%2C+such+as+becoming++++++++++++++++++++part+of+a+merger%2C+acquisition+by+another+organization%2C+or+distribution++++++++++++++++++++of+all+or+a+portion+of+its+assets%2C+your+personally+identifiable++++++++++++++++++++information+will+likely+be+among+the+assets+transferred.+If++++++++++++++++++++such+a+transition+occurs%2C+you+will+be+notified+on+our+website++++++++++++++++++++for+30+days+of+any+such+change+in+ownership+or+control+of+your++++++++++++++++++++personal+information.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3E%3Cstrong%3E26.%C2%A0+Related+Links.%3C%2Fstrong%3E+This+website+may+contain+links+to+websites+not+owned+or+controlled++++++++++++++++++++by+MRG.%C2%A0+We+are+not+responsible+for+the+privacy+policies++++++++++++++++++++or+practices+of+any+such+website.%C2%A0+MRG%E2%80%99s+Privacy+Statement+is++++++++++++++++++++a+component+of%2C+and+incorporated+into%2C+our+Terms+and+Conditions++++++++++++++++++++of+Use.%C2%A0+This+privacy+statement+applies+solely+to+information++++++++++++++++++++collected+by+the+MRG.%3C%2Fp%3E%0D%0A%3Cp%3ELast+Updated+4-12-09%3C%2Fp%3E) [ ](http://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u=http:www.studentdoc.com/privacy.html) [ ](http://technorati.com/faves?add=http:www.studentdoc.com/privacy.html) [ ](http://del.icio.us/post?url=http:www.studentdoc.com/privacy.html&title=Privacy+statement+for+Studentdoc.com) [ ](http://www.stumbleupon.com/submit?url=http:www.studentdoc.com/privacy.html&title=Privacy+statement+for+Studentdoc.com) [ ](http://ma.gnolia.com/bookmarklet/add?url=http:www.studentdoc.com/privacy.html&title=Privacy+statement+for+Studentdoc.com) [ ](http://www.newsvine.com/_wine/save?popoff=0&u=http:www.studentdoc.com/privacy.html&h=Privacy+statement+for+Studentdoc.com) [ ](http://reddit.com/submit?url=http:www.studentdoc.com/privacy.html&title=Privacy+statement+for+Studentdoc.com)
