> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the studiomoviegrill.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130522163503id_/http%3A//www.studiomoviegrill.com/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SMG: Eat, Drink, Movies

Studio Movie Grill (“SMG”) uses its best efforts to respect the privacy and safety of its online visitors. SMG has developed this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to this website (located at the URL www.studiomoviegrill.com) and all other web pages interconnected with such website including, without limitation, the home page, and all other pages under the same top level domain name, and all content thereon (collectively, the "Site"). 

CHILDREN The Site is not designed or intended for use by children under 13. If you are under 18, you should use the Site only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Children under 13 may not submit any Personally Identifiable Information (as defined below) to us, and if we discover that we have inadvertently gathered any such information from a child under 13, we will take appropriate steps to delete it. 

TYPES OF INFORMATION THAT SMG COLLECTS Personally Identifiable Information Personally Identifiable Information is information that can be used to identify or contact you. This Site will not collect Personally Identifiable Information unless you voluntarily submit or email such information. In certain instances, this Site may request and collect certain Personally Identifiable Information such as name, address, phone number and e-mail address through various means, such as Site registration, surveys, games, questions, comments and communications to the Site, and postings to chat and bulletin areas, if any. For online orders, this Site will request contact information (including name and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number). This information is used for billing information and to fill customer’s orders. To be absolutely clear, this Site will not obtain Personally Identifiable Information about you other than that which you choose to provide, and, except as provided herein, we will not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to anyone outside SMG. Non-Personally Identifiable Information We may also collect anonymous, non-personal information about you and your use of our Site or your use of emails, special promotions or newsletters that we send to you. For example, we collect non-personal information about your use of our Site through the use of cookies. A cookie is a message that is sent to your computer from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Every computer is assigned a different cookie by us. You may, however, disallow receiving cookies at any time through your web browser. Your browser software can be set to reject all cookies. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the "Help" section of the toolbar. If you reject our cookie, certain of the functions and conveniences of our Site may not work properly but you do not have to accept our cookie in order to productively use our Site. We may also collect your IP (Internet Protocol) address to help diagnose problems with our server and to otherwise administer our Site. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. This information does not contain any Personally Identifiable Information about you. Your IP address is also used to help identify you during a particular session and to gather broad demographic data. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer automatically when you use the Internet. SMG logs your IP address when you use the Site or other Service. SMG uses your IP address to track your use of the Site or other Service. Pixels. Pixels, also called clear GIFs, are invisible files on Web pages that you visit. When you visit a page on the Site that contains a pixel, the pixel communicates with your computer to determine, among other things, whether you have been to that page before or viewed a particular advertisement. SMG uses pixels to serve advertising, enhance email advertising, and track usage of the Site or other Service. 

USE OF INFORMATION Personally Identifiable Information. SMG uses your Personally Identifiable Information to notify you of changes to the Site or other Service, to let you know about movies or other entertainment opportunities, and other products or services you may be interested in, and to request your participation in surveys or other promotions. You can choose not to receive certain communications from SMG as described in the section below entitled (“Choice/Opt-out”). SMG also uses your Personally Identifiable Information to process and fulfill your purchases, provide you with information that you request, and deliver content to you that is relevant to your interests. When you use the Site to give a gift certificate, SMG will use the e-mail addresses you provide to send your invites the gift certificates, and other communications relating to such transaction, and any further communications as may be authorized by the recipient. Aggregate Information. SMG also combines your usage information for the Site or other Service with that of other users to determine which features and areas of the Site or other Service are most popular. By collecting and analyzing this data, SMG can improve the Site or other Service. This "Aggregate Information" does not contain any of your Personally Identifiable Information. 

SHARING OF INFORMATION BY SMG Aggregate Information. SMG shares Aggregate Information with potential partners, advertisers, investors and other interested third parties in connection with the marketing of SMG's products and services. However, Aggregate Information does not include any of your Personally Identifiable Information. Selling and Renting Information. SMG does not sell or rent your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties. However, in the event that you expressly opt-in via the Site or other Service to receive particular products or services, or information about products or services, that are offered by third parties, or otherwise authorize us to do so, we will share your Personally Identifiable Information with those third parties as appropriate for those limited purposes. SMG may also share with those same third parties certain limited personal information that, without other information, does not specifically identify you. Sharing with Social Networks or Other Sites You May Authorize. If you are a member of a social network service (such as Facebook, MySpace, etc.) or you use other Internet sites where you have authorized them to gather information about your online behavior on SMG (for instance, to notify your friends that you have viewed a video or bought movie tickets), including participation in any behavioral reporting program that they may operate on or off of their own site (i.e., Facebook Beacon, etc.), SMG may share information regarding your activities on our Site or other Service with those third parties pursuant to your authorization, and they may associate that information with Personally Identifiable Information they already have about you (such as your Facebook Profile) and use it to improve their site or services or for other purposes. SMG does not control the privacy policies of such third parties, and their privacy policies will govern their use of your information once it has been transmitted by SMG. SMG assumes no responsibility or liability for the actions of such third parties with respect to their use of your information or otherwise. Accordingly, make sure you are aware of and comfortable with the privacy policies of any third parties that you authorize to gather information from SMG. Other Sharing. SMG may also share cookies and pixels with trusted service providers or other third parties to customize your experience on the Site or other service or to provide you with more relevant information or otherwise improve your experience on other web sites, but those third parties will not contact you directly. SMG may transfer the Personally Identifiable Information it collects to successors in interest to SMG, such as a company that acquires SMG. SMG may also disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if it determines that an applicable law, regulation or legal process requires it, or if SMG determines that it needs to share such information to protect or enforce SMG's rights or the rights of another user. 

CORRECTION/UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION If a user’s Personal identifiable information changes, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data that was provided to us. You may also correct any errors in your Personal Identifiable Information. Both of these matters can usually be done by mailing the request to the address listed below. You will be required to provide proof of your identity in order to obtain a copy of you Personally Identifiable Information. 

CHOICE/OPT OUT Our users are given the opportunity to ‘opt out’ of having their information used for purposes not directly related to the Site at the point where we ask for information. Users who no longer wish to receive e-mail from us or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out simply by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of such e-mail message or promotional material. To do so, type UNSUBSCIBE in the subject line. We will thereafter update your record as soon as possible. 

SECURITY We maintain security measures in place in order to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the Personally Identifiable Information under our control. We use commercially reasonable efforts to provide for the secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers by using an SSL Certificate .The server itself is secured behind a hardware firewall. However, please be advised that the Internet and other various networking communication media are not entirely secure, and your information may therefore be subject to interception or loss which is beyond our control. Accordingly, SMG assumes no responsibility or liability for disclosure of your information (personally identifiable or otherwise) due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access or other causes beyond SMG's reasonable control. 

LINKS SMG does not control the privacy policies of SMG's advertisers or other third parties that have Web sites linked to the Site or other Service or with whom we may share your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you click on an advertisement or link, the privacy policies of the Web site that you link to will govern the use of your information by that Web site's operator. SMG assumes no responsibility or liability for the actions of such third parties with respect to their use of your information or otherwise. 

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN PUBLIC AREAS If you voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information in a public area of the Site or other Service, such as a rating/review page, chat room or message board, that information may be collected and used by a third party to send you unsolicited messages, advertisements or for other purposes. SMG does not control the actions of users in public areas of the Site or other Service. If you disclose Personally Identifiable Information in a public area, you do so at your own risk. 

ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY By using this Site, you signify your acceptance without modification of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time so visitors are encouraged to review this policy from time to time. You are responsible for regularly reviewing this Privacy Policy and additional terms posted on this Site. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement to such changes. 

If you have any questions or concerns or require additional information concerning this Privacy Policy please contact webmaster@studiomoviegrill.com or write to SMG at:   
Studio Movie Grill  
Attn: Webmaster  
11300 N. Central Expressway, Suite 200  
Dallas, TX 75243 
