> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the studyblue.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171220212114id_/http%3A//www.studyblue.com/about/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | StudyBlue

Privacy Policy Last Updated: April 10th, 2017 Terms of Use Last Updated: May 3rd, 2016 StudyBlue wants to make sure you understand how we collect and use your personal information when you provide it to us. If there’s anything about this Privacy Policy you don’t understand, please contact us: help@studyblue.com 

### About This Policy

Unless the context requires a different interpretation: when we refer to the “Site” we’re talking collectively about www.studyblue.com and all related mobile applications. When we refer to “we” or “us” we are referring to StudyBlue, Inc. This Privacy Policy applies to the information we collect. It describes how we collect and use personal data. Please note: This Privacy Policy does not supersede or affect the terms of any policy or agreement between you and any school or third party (for example, Google, Facebook®, Twitter®, Evernote® and other parties with whom you share your personal information). Please make sure that you read and understand the terms of any privacy policies that you enter into with parties other than StudyBlue, as those policies – and not this Policy – explain how your personal information is used by such other parties. This Policy does not apply to any information you may provide to us through other means; for example, at a live event, via mail, or via telephone. Likewise, this Policy does not apply to information collected directly or indirectly by our third party service providers, such as credit card processors. This Policy is intended to be read with, and not to limit, other terms of use agreements, policies or procedures that may appear on the Site.

### Does StudyBlue Ever Make Changes To Its Privacy Policy?

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When this happens we will revise the “Last Updated” date on this page. If the changes are material in nature, those with StudyBlue accounts will receive an in-app message prior to the changes becoming effective. If you do not have a StudyBlue account, you will not receive the direct message. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. In the event you opt out or are otherwise unable to receive messages from us, it will be your responsibility to review this Policy periodically for changes and updates. You may not be able to receive messages from us if your cookies are not set to accept or are disabled. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Policy will mean that you accept such changes. 

### What Type of Information Does StudyBlue Collect?

**Information You Provide To Us** We collect the personal data that you provide to us. This includes your contact information, such as your name and e-mail address, as well as demographic information such as your geo-location, age, and school. When using our mobile applications we will also provide you with the opportunity to provide us with your address and phone number. We will only collect credit card information when you elect to purchase goods or services we do not offer for free. When you choose to supply information, we collect it.  When you use the Site, you may do things like form relationships, send messages, perform searches and queries, form groups, set up events, and transmit information through various channels. When you do so, we collect this information so that we can analyze our performance, provide you with these services and offer personalized features. In most cases, we retain this information so you can have a record of your activity. If you choose to use our invitation service to tell a friend about StudyBlue, we will ask you for information needed to send the invitation, such as your friend’s email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site. Your friend’s email will then be deleted unless they choose to register for an account. If you communicate with us regarding our goods or services, we will collect the information that you provide to us. Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names and e-mail addresses) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. We won’t knowingly allow anyone under 13 to register with us or to provide any other personal information. **Information From Other Sources** We sometimes supplement the information that we collect with information from other sources. Such outside information includes (but is not limited to) updated delivery and address information from carriers or third parties; page-view information; search term and search result information; Site usage; credit history and like information from credit bureaus. We may also collect personal information you choose to make available through social networking sites such as (but not limited to) facebook® and Twitter®.

### Log Information

We also collect information about your system and devices and how you use the Site and our goods and services. We use analytic and reporting technologies to record non-personal information such as Internet domain and host names, browser software, operating system types, page views, clickstream patterns, and the dates and times you access the Site. We may use a variety of methods for automatically collecting such “passive” information. We may contract with third party vendors to help manage, monitor and optimize the Site and to help us measure the effectiveness of our services. To do this, we may use log files, web beacons and cookies. We are able to determine the Internet protocol (IP) address from which you access the Site. Essentially, your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data (such as web pages you want to view) can be transmitted to you. Your IP address does not tell us who you are.

### Cookies

If you have the settings on your browser set accordingly, we will use cookies to track some of your information from your browser or mobile device. We do link personal information submitted on the Site with cookies. The use of cookies is a very common practice on the Internet. Cookies are small pieces of information that we will place on the hard drive of your computer or mobile devicein order to store personal data such as (but not limited to) your password, preferences, etc. to create a personalized experience for you. Our advertisers and third party service providers may also assign their own cookies to your devices, a process we do not control. You have the option to set your web browser to reject cookies and if you do so some features of the Site will not work. You should check the documentation of your browser to learn how to disable cookies. . The following links might be helpful:  For Microsoft Internet Explorer:  http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.mspx   For Google Chrome: http://www.google.com/support/chrome/bin/answer.py?answer=95647  For Mozilla Firefox: http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/Enabling%20and%20disabling%20cookies  For Apple Safari: https://support.apple.com We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in.

### Clear Gifs

We use a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. web beacons/web bugs), that help us better manage content on the Site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information. We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients.  This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.

### What About Children's Privacy?

We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register.  If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us: help@studyblue.com

### What Does StudyBlue Do With The Information It Collects?

When you register with StudyBlue, you create your profile and choose your privacy settings. Your profile information, as well as your name, email and photo, are displayed to people in the networks specified in your privacy settings. StudyBlue may send you service-related announcements; from time to time we may also use your name and email address to deliver notifications and advertising regarding services (both ours and those provided by others) that we think you may find valuable. When you use StudyBlue, information you post or share with others, such as personal information, flashcards, comments, messages, photos, videos, or other information, may become available to other users in accordance with the privacy settings you select. Geo-location on our Android/iPhone applications helps us more easily match you with a school in your area. If you have provided us with geo location and no longer wish it to be collected you may opt out at the device level. All sharing of information is done at your own risk. Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information using the Site, this information may become publicly available. 

### About Your Privacy Settings

The default setting on StudyBlue makes public the material you post. You can change your privacy settings to make your material private and/or password protected. StudyBlue works hard to maintain this functionality and to respect your wishes. No system is perfect, however, and it is possible that material you designate as private may inadvertently become public. It’s also possible that you could make an error. If you need help with privacy settings, email us: help@studyblue.com

### Public Searching of Shared Material

When your privacy setting is set to “public” your flashcards and your shared profile information is visible to anyone. StudyBlue contains functionality permitting any user to search for and to use such public content. For example: if your content and profile information is public, any other user can see your flashcards and decks, and can incorporate your flashcards into their own decks. They will also know who you are. If you do not want your content or your profile information to be public, please adjust your privacy settings to make your material private and/or password protected. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at help@studyblue.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information. In such case we will let you know that we are unable to do so and why.

### About Aggregated Reports

StudyBlue gathers information about its users, such as what areas users visit and what services users access most frequently. StudyBlue automatically logs IP addresses, session sources, and other data that tracks users’ access to our services. We analyze these logs for sales and marketing purposes as well as for system performance monitoring. These logs are analyzed for the aggregate trends they reveal about our users and how they use our services. We may use aggregated personal information to determine the demographic composition of our user base and to distribute statistics and general marketplace information about StudyBlue. We may disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to prospective advertisers and other third parties, for lawful purposes.

### Third Party Advertising

This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by any of our advertisers. Advertisements that appear on StudyBlue are sometimes delivered (or “served”) directly to users by third party advertisers. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. These third party advertisers may also upload cookies to your computer, or use other technologies such as JavaScript and web beacons (also known as “1×1 gifs”) to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your device each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. In this way, they may compile information about where individuals using your device or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked. StudyBlue does not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third party advertisers. To learn or more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising for some companies, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org and http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp We may share certain information with select third party services with which we have contracted. In such case: personally identifiable information will be shared only in a hashed or obfuscated form; through such sharing, the hashed or obfuscated information may be associated with your browser or device (in a non-personally identifiable manner); the information may be used for the purpose of serving advertisements based on presumed interests; and the information may be used to present advertisements in third-party applications and platforms (i.e., “cross-device and cross-app advertising”). You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance’s program’s Consumer Choice page, which is available in versions for desktop and mobile browsers:  http://www.aboutads.info/choices. DAA also offers a separate choice tool for the collection of cross-app data on a mobile device for interest-based advertising and other applicable uses: http://youradchoices.com/appchoices  

### When Will StudyBlue Disclose My Information to Third Parties?

We may sell information we collect on the Site in conjunction with the disposition of StudyBlue’s assets in bankruptcy and/or through merger or acquisition. In the event StudyBlue goes through a business transition, such as a merger or acquisition by or with another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personal information will likely be among the assets transferred. We may disclose information (including personally identifiable information) about you to our Affiliates. For purposes of this Policy only, “Affiliates” means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with us, whether by ownership or otherwise. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or with legal process or government request served on us; (b) protect and defend our rights or property; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of a user of the Site, or the public. As needed we may also disclose information we collect on the Site to third-party service providers we retain to provide goods and services to us, including but not limited to reports, analyses, technical support, hosting and maintenance, credit card processing, sending emails on our behalf, fraud screening and developing applications. We cannot guarantee that such third parties will not disclose your personal information.Communications from the Site Newsletters: When you sign up for our services we will send you newsletters as well as push notifications. If you no longer wish to receive these communications you may log into your account and change your communications settings, follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in each of the emails or opt out of receiving push notifications at the device level.. Service Related Announcements: We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so.  For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account. 

### Communications from the Site

Newsletters: When you sign up for an account we will send you newsletters as well as push notifications. If you no longer wish to receive these communications you may log into your account and change your communications settings, follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in each of the emails or opt out of receiving push notifications at the device level. Service Related Announcements: We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account. 

### Security

The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow reasonable industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Your account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number or geo location data), we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). However, people who try and bypass security systems, or “hackers,” are often very skilled at breaking through security systems, and therefore we can make no guarantee that your information will be 100% safe. For your own information and protection on the Site and on the Internet in general, please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information, that information can be collected and used by others. Similarly, if you post personal information in public places, you may receive unsolicited e-mail messages. Our credit card processing provider is Authorize.net.  StudyBlue makes no representations regarding Authorize.net’s security policies or procedures. We encourage you to contact Authorize.net directly to obtain such information. Authorize.net’s URL is: http://www.authorize.net/. If you have any questions regarding security you can contact us at help@studyblue.com.

### How Can I Access My Personal Information?

Access and control over most personal information on StudyBlue is readily available through the profile editing tools. When you make use of our content features to share information with other users on StudyBlue, (e.g., sending a personal message to another user, uploading files, or creating flashcards) you generally cannot remove such content, so please exercise caution and discretion before sharing such information. If you wish to access personal information that is not available to you through your account, please contact us at the address listed below. We may require proof of your identity before providing any such information. To the extent the law permits us to do so, we reserve the right to refuse to provide you with copies of your personal data if reasonably necessary due to administrative or technical burden, expense or security concerns. You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove from our system each and every record of the information you have provided to us. The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your personally identifiable information may exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult or impossible for us to locate. After receiving your request, however, all personally identifiable information stored in databases we actively use and other readily searchable media we control will be updated, corrected, changed or deleted, as appropriate, as soon as reasonably practicable. We will respond to requests for access within 30 days. If you would like to request the removal of an unauthorized profile you can contact us at help@studyblue.com We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

### Social Media Features

The Site includes and incorporates certain social media features. These features may collect your IP address, the pages you visit on the Site, and may set cookies to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features may be hosted by third parties, in which case your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the third party providing it. 

### Facebook Connect

You can log in to the Site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or those of another OpenID provider. Such services will authenticate your identity and provide you with the option to share certain personal information with us to pre-populate our sign up form. We will collect such information. It is your sole responsibility to determine whether/how to post information about your activities on the Site, to your pages/accounts with the third party provider.

### Testimonials

If you choose to provide a testimonial for us, we may post your testimonial along with your name.  If you want your testimonial removed please contact us at help@studyblue.com

### Other Sites

The Site may contain links to other websites not owned or operated by StudyBlue. If you click on such a link, you may be taken away from the Site to an entirely different website. This Policy applies only to the Site and not to any third-party website that may be accessed through links on the Site. We encourage you to be aware when we link to other websites and to read the privacy policies or statements of each and every such website.

### Questions?

We welcome feedback regarding this Policy. If at any time you believe that the Site has not adhered to this Policy, please contact us and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly investigate and, if necessary, correct the problem. If you have any questions, please contact us at help@studyblue.com or via postal mail at 986 Mission Street, Second Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103.
