> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stuff.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101205232628id_/http%3A//stuff.tv/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Gadget reviews and video reviews, technology news – Stuff.tv

## General

Haymarket Media Group, publishers of Stuff.tv is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information.  
This privacy policy will outline the type of information that is collected, how it is used and the secure way in which it is protected. If you have any concerns regarding your personal information, please contact us at datacontroller@haymarket.com.

The type of information that may be collected includes your name, postal address, gender, date of birth, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number.  
Additionally we may collect information and/or your opinions through online or printed surveys, which might include more detailed information such as where you prefer to shop, your reading and purchasing habits or your views on various products etc.

The Information Commissioners Office (ICO) defines sensitive data as:

  1. Racial or ethnic origin
  2. Political opinion
  3. Religious or other beliefs
  4. Trade union membership
  5. Health
  6. Sex life
  7. Criminal allegations/proceedings/ convictions



Haymarket Media Group does not seek sensitive information through this website. We believe that such information is not required to perform efficient customer service.

## How the information is used

Haymarket Media Group endeavours to deliver the best possible service to customers. All the information we collect about you is used to operate and improve the service we offer. Specifically, we use your information for:

  1. Research to better understand our customers' preferences and opinions
  2. Planning and managing our business and marketing activities, including understanding and analysing customer behaviour and preferences
  3. Enhancing the content and services on our websites - to do this, we use the personal information collected to customise each individual's access to our website. See 'Cookies' below.
  4. Your personal information may also be used to contact you about offers and discounts available from Haymarket Media Group that we think may be of interest to you. We will only contact you with your consent, and only by post, e-mail, telephone or SMS. If you prefer not to receive such information on goods and services provided by Haymarket Media Group, please follow the unsubscribe instructions when registering on this website. You can update your contact preferences at any time by emailing us at datacontroller@haymarket.com.
  5. If you have consented to be contacted by third parties, we may also share some of your information with selected companies whose products and services we feel may be of interest to you. We strive to keep these offers relevant to your interests and you can update your contact preferences at any time by emailing us at datacontroller@haymarket.com.



The media is always highlighting the irritations of unsolicited mail and its public perception. Haymarket Media Group abides by the guidelines of the Mailing Preference Service (MPS) and Telephone Preference Service (TPS), both of which offer consumers protection against unsolicited contact.  
Please be aware however, that if a customer has consented to marketing activity by us or by third parties, contact is not considered to be unsolicited and so MPS and TPS do not apply. If you prefer not to be contacted by phone other than for the provision of our products or services to you, you can update your contact preferences with us by emailing datacontroller@haymarket.com.

### Cookies

We collect information obtained about you from your use of our website via the use of cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information generated by a web server, and are stored on your hard drive when you enter a website. Haymarket Media Group uses cookies to automatically keep track of individual user sessions. You can delete cookies from your hard drive and also configure your Internet browser to reject them. However, this will disable the website function to manage individual sessions.

### Disclosure of your information

Haymarket Media group provides services to customers around the world. Some of our partners and affiliates, including third parties offering relevant products and services, may be located outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Countries outside the EEA are not required to protect personal information as stringently as countries inside, however Haymarket Media Group insists that all partners and affiliates both inside and outside the EEA adhere to the same rules and procedures on personal information that we adhere to in the UK.

### How your information is kept secure

Haymarket Media Group recognises that its customers are increasingly concerned about how personal information is protected from misuse. Haymarket Media Group is committed to complying with the Data Protection Act 1998 and The Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations to ensure that your personal information is stored securely, and we have taken measures to protect the security of your information both online and offline, including encryption of credit card and bank details.

### Advertising

Advertisements on our site are provided by another organization. Our advertising partner will serve ads that it believes are most likely to be of interest to you, based on information about your visit to this and other websites (this information is anonymous in that it does not include your name, street address, e-mail address or telephone number). In order to do this, our advertising partner may need to place a cookie on your computer. For more information about this type of online behavioral advertising, about cookies, and about how to turn this features off, please visit [http://www.youronlinechoices.co.uk](http://www.youronlinechoices.co.uk/).

Stuff.tv members often post links to products on merchants' websites. eBay and Amazon are common examples. Stuff.tv uses technology to convert these links into ones which generate revenue for Stuff.tv. When a link is clicked, a script automatically analyses it, and if the link takes the user to an affiliated merchant's website, our details are added to that link and the link then followed to the merchant's website. This does not change in any way the web page which is being visited, and the intention is that the process will be completely invisible to the user. After arriving at the product page on the affiliated merchant's website, if the user then makes a purchase, a small proportion of that revenue is paid to Stuff.tv.

### How to access your information

You have the right to access the information that Haymarket Media Group holds about you. There will be an administration fee of £10 associated with this request. Please make a written application to the Data Protection Owner, Haymarket Media Group, Teddington, Middlesex, TW11 9BE. Alternatively, you can email Haymarket Publishing directly using datacontroller@haymarket.com.

### Updating your information

If any of the personal information that we hold about you is incorrect, you can logon and amend your account details at any time by clicking [here](http://stuff.tv/login.aspx).

Please note that this Privacy Policy may be updated at any time with or without notice in order to comply with new practices or regulations.
