> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the x5.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2009-04-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090411154100id_/http%3A//www.x5.com.au/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Online Shopping | Reverse Auction | Timed Auction | Home and Lifestyle | Electronics | Perfume and Fragrance | X5

## Privacy Policy

* * *

All information contained herein is for the general public who have related interests in viewing, joining and bidding in this site.

This site may contain some unintended inaccuracies. Any omissions or delays about information provided may be due to changes in specific laws applicable, or the rules and regulations and circumstances that affect the relay of information through electronic communication. Any omission is inadvertent and will be corrected upon notification.

The information conveyed by this site is provided by the developers and publishers with the caveat that these groups of professionals are not engaged in providing any professional advice or service for that matter.

Before initiating any action or decision, it is proper to seek advice from any representative of X5.

We have undertaken all possible measures to ensure that all information found on this site comes from reliable sources. However, X5 will not be held responsible for any omissions or errors as well as the results obtained through using such information. All information provided on this site is freely given with no guarantee in  regard to typographical errors, completeness, timeliness or accuracy, and any results obtained from using this information is without warranty of any kind, whether explicit or implied.

X5 and its related corporations, directors, employees, agents, and freelancers will not be liable for any decision or action taken by you or anyone else in relation to the information obtained in this site or for the consequential damages, whether similar or special, even if there is an advice as to the possibility of the existence of such damages.  
X5 does not accept any liability for any interference that leads to any damage to your computer system in the course of viewing, joining and participating in the site. It is incumbent upon you to take all precautionary measures to ensure, that upon browsing and viewing the site, your computer systems is free from any types of viruses such as trojan horses or worms. X5 has no control with regard to every link contained in this site which connects to other sites owned and maintained by a third party.

**Privacy of Children**

X5 is concerned with the safety and protection of the children. Persons who are not permitted by their country to bid as provided by their respective law or those who are under the age of 18 are prohibited to join and use this site. X5 will undertake all precautionary measures to protect the children, however, it is the final responsibility of every parent or guardian to monitor their child's internet activities.  
Security Measures

  Remember to log out from the site and close the browser every time you are finished with your session on this site. This is to make sure that other people cannot gain any access to your personal information. You are responsible for the access and security of your own computer. Every time you voluntarily disclose any information to a person, this may be used by others at your own cost.

All information that you divulge through posting to any public forum right within our site will not be protected by this policy. You are responsible as for the maintaining of all information with regard to your username, password and any relevant account information be a secret. Please take all precautionary measures and be careful as well as responsible enough when using the internet and especially this site.

**Privacy Statement**

X5 respects and recognizes that your privacy is very important to you. For this reason we are governed by the following principles when this site is used to collect any personal information from you. Personal information may include but not be limited to the following:

1\. name

2\. address

3\. age

4\. telephone/mobile number

5\. gender

6\. email address

7\. other information that would be related to identify you

We only collect, through the use of this site, any information that is necessary to achieve the purpose of this site and to accomplish actions for provision of our services.

X5 gathers information from online customers to enhance online experience, improve web content, marketing and promotions. All information gathered through completing the registration profile, along with the survey or if you choose to subscribe to the site's membership database. Becoming a member of X5 legally binds you to our marketing aims either via the newsletter and other activity. If you wish to unsubscribe from the newsletter, you can opt out through the email “unsubscribe” button below.

**Disclosure**

X5 may request personal information from you from time to time. This will only occur in order to notify you about X5 products, promotions or services. If you do not wish to be notified in regard to X5 products, promotions or services, please inform us.  
There may be times when personal information may be disclosed to a third party to whom X5 is contracted to work with in relation to specialised functions such as: share registry services, systems support or mail house functions. When X5 discloses certain personal information to a third party contractor, under contracting arrangements, X5 will ensure to undertake important steps to ascertain that the third party

1\. Complies with NPPs in handling such personal information

2\. That the extent of authority is limited to use of the personal information in order to provide and render the services as requested by X5.

X5 will disclose personal information only when you consent, as provided by law, or as permitted under the Privacy Act. X5 does not engage in selling, trading or renting your personal information to any third party.

X5 takes precautionary measures that will ensure that personal information is secured from any unauthorized access, misuse or loss.

**Trade Marks**

X5.com.au is owned and operated by X5 Technology Australia. The design and all contents featured on www.x5.com.au, which includes: navigational buttons images, graphics, artwork, text, photography are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, and/or intellectual property that are owned, controlled, or licensed by X5 Technology Australia.

This site is protected by copyright and applicable trade marks. All contents as well as the site can be used for personal non-commercial use only.

Any use of our site and its content for purposes other than personal and noncommercial use is prohibited without the prior written permission of www.x5.com.au. Any reproduction, publication, display, modification, sale or distribution of any of the materials from www.x5.com.au without the written authorization of X5 Technology Australia is expressly prohibited.

**Contact X5**

The X5 Privacy Policy may change from time to time. The X5 Privacy Policy will be made available to anyone who requests it, whether at our offices or through our website.

If you have any questions or comments about the X5 Privacy Policy, or if you wish to make a complaint about how X5 has handled personal information about you, please contact X5, by email to: info@x5.com.au;

Thank you for taking the time to read these terms and privacy statement. 
