> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the milanoo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151230140304id_/http%3A//www.milanoo.com/help/index-id-72-childcat-40.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Contact Us Contact Us Via Live Online Supporting Tools Contact Us By Regular Mail Contact Us By Telephone or Fax Contact Us By E-mail - Milanoo.com

**·**  help make this Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.

**·  **help you quickly find information, products, and services.

**·**  help us create content on this Site that is most relevant to you.

**·**  alert you to new information, products, and services that we offer. 

(a) Registration and Ordering. Before using certain parts of this Site or ordering products, you must complete an online registration form. During registration, you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information, including but not limited to your name, shipping and billing address(es), phone number, email address, and credit card number. In addition, we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization's country of operation, so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations, and for your gender. These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders, to communicate with you about your order and our site, and for internal marketing purposes. If we encounter a problem when processing your order, we use the personal information to contact you. 

(b) Email Addresses. Several locations of the Site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to: to register for a free promotion letter; to request us to notify you when we receive a new brand, new product style; to sign up for our email. Your participation in a contest is completely voluntary, so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us. We use this information to notify contest winners and to award prizes. We may post on our Site the names and cities of contest winners.If you sign up for our email, you may receive Milanoo email twice a week. You may stop future delivery of these emails by following the removal instructions located at the bottom of each commercial email. Opting out of any of these emails will not stop operational or transactional messages such as email confirmations of your orders, or customer service communications from the brand or line of business in question.

(c) Cookies and Other Technology. Like many sites, this Site employs cookies and web beacons (also known as clear GIF technology or "action tags") to speed your navigation of the Site, recognize you and your access privileges, and track your Site usage.

(i) Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer's hard drive. Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of this Site. We have to use cookies to enable you to select products, place them in an online shopping cart, and to purchase those products. If you do this, we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase. THIS SITE'S COOKIES DO NOT INFILTRATE A USER'S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER'S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Our cookies are not "spyware." 

(ii) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on this Site has been viewed and, if so, how many times. For example, any electronic image on this Site, such as an ad banner, can function as a web beacon.

(iii) We may use third-party advertising companies to help us tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness (such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount), and provide you with tailored banner advertisements.To find out more, and opt-out of NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) member cookies, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) . If you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. Remember, if you opt-out you will still continue to receive ads but they will not be relevant to you.

(d) Log Files. As is true of most web sites, the Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access this Site. We may also log your Internet protocol ("IP") address, Internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes. (An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet.)

(e) Age. We respect children's privacy. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13. Elsewhere on this Site, you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information to us, and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you.

(f) Product Reviews. You may choose to submit a product review. If you post a review, we will ask for your email address and geographic location. If you submit a review, your geographic location will be visible to other users (your email address will be kept private). Also, any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site. We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review. We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information.

2\. Information Use and Disclosure.

(a) Internal Use. We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service. We may internally use your personal information to improve our Site's content and layout, to improve our outreach and for our own marketing efforts (including marketing our services and products to you), and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to this Site.

(b) Communications with You: We will use your personal information to communicate with you about our site and your orders and deliveries. Also, we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us. We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary (for example, if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance.) Also, you may submit your email address for reasons such as to request us to notify you when we receive a new brand, new product style, or product; to sign up for our email newsletter and special offers; If you submit your email address, we use it to deliver the information to you. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails (see opt out section, below, for more details). Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of receiving emails related to your orders.

(c) External Use. We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection - we primarily sell merchandise, not information. We do not sell, rent, trade, license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone, except that:

(i) As do most catalog and Internet wholesalers, we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf. When we disclose information to these service providers, we disclose information to help them to perform their service. For example, in order to deliver products to you, we must share some information. We partner with third parties (such as DHL, and UPS) to ship products, to ensure delivery, and so that we can obtain feedback, improve the quality of our service, and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party. In the example of shippers, we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name, shipping address, email, and phone number.

(ii) Similarly, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers. When we submit your credit card number for authorization, we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information. (More on this below in the Data Security section.)

(iii) We may be required to disclose such information in response to requests from law-enforcement officials conducting investigations; subpoenas; a court order; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law. We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect ourselves or others. For example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use our Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud.

(iv) We will not sell (or trade or rent) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business. However, it's possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets. If that happens, your personal information may be disclosed to another company, but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect.

(v) We may also share your personally identifiable and/or your non-personally identifiable information, including your name, address, email address, and any transactions you conduct on our site or offline with us with a third-party advertising partner and its service providers in order to deliver you advertising tailored to your interests when you visit other websites. Our advertising partner will anonymize the data we provide it so no one else will receive your personally identifiable information.
