> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the milecards.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090621121353id_/http%3A//www.milecards.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - MileCards.com

MileCards.com Privacy Statement Introduction: MileCards.com has a strong commitment to providing excellent service to all of our customers, including respecting their concerns about privacy. We understand that visitors to our website may have questions about how this website collects and uses information. We have prepared this statement to inform you of the privacy principles that govern MileCards.com 

This statement contains numerous general and technical details about the steps we take to respect your privacy concerns. The bottom line is that meeting your needs and expectations form the foundation of everything we do - including protecting your privacy. This website does not collect personally identifiable information from your computer when you browse the site. This means that, unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us with personally identifiable information, we will not know your name, your e-mail address, or any other personally identifiable information. Internet Protocol (IP) Address: An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you browse the Internet. When users request a page from our site, our servers log the user's current IP address. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information about you. 

Privacy Statement Concerning the Use of Cookies - MileCards.com does not employ the use of cookies on it's website. However, MileCards.com cannot guarantee that all sites that are linked to from our site employ the same policies. Please review each individual site's privacy policy. 

Securing the Transmission and Storage of Information: All credit card applications listed with MileCards.com use a Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) line provided you are using a SSL enabled browser such as Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator. This ensures that your information is encrypted as it travels over the Internet. This secure mode is enabled before any such information is transmitted from your computer. You will know you are in secure mode when the padlock or key icon in the lower right-hand or left-hand corner of the computer screen appears in the locked position. You will usually only see this icon only when you are filling out an application. In addition, when accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https." 

MileCards.com Privacy Statement Changes: In the future, we may need to change the privacy statement for MileCards.com. All changes will be made here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
