> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mileycyrus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-05-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100518193502id_/http%3A//www.mileycyrus.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MileyCyrus » Privacy Policy

**The Interactive Media Marketing, Inc. Family of Companies and Smiley Miley Inc. (hereinafter individually and collectively "IMM") has taken great pride in the relationships that it has developed with its visitors. In keeping with this tradition, we at IMM are dedicated to protecting your privacy and handling any personal information we obtain from you with care and respect. This Privacy Policy is designed to answer your questions regarding our privacy policies and principles.**

**We recognize the need to provide additional protections for children who visit  
our sites. To read about our privacy protections for kids under the age of 13,  
[  
click here](http://www.mileyworld.com/community/kids_privacy) to read the IMM Kids Privacy Policy. **

**IMM General Privacy  
Policy** | **  
**  
---|---  
  
**Q1.** What type of information does this Privacy Policy cover?  
**A1.** Except as specifically described below (in A2, A6 and elsewhere in this Privacy Policy), this Privacy Policy applies only to personally identifiable information collected on MileyCyrus.com and does not apply to any other information collected by IMM through any other means. This Privacy Policy applies to use and sharing of personally identifiable information collected on and after the date that this Privacy Policy is posted. However, for visitors who registered on our Web sites prior to the date that this Privacy Policy is posted, we will apply this Privacy Policy to personally identifiable information associated with that account only if the visitor accepts the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. By using and accessing the Web sites where this Privacy Policy is located, you are accepting the terms and conditions of such Privacy Policy. Once the visitor has accepted these terms and conditions, this Privacy Policy will also apply to personally identifiable information collected from that visitor prior to the date that this Privacy Policy is posted. In a similar fashion, we will apply this Privacy Policy to personally identifiable information collected in the course of Other Transactions (as defined in A3 below and elsewhere in this Privacy Policy) that occurred prior to the date that this Privacy Policy is posted, but only if the visitor accepts the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.

As used in this Privacy Policy, the "IMM Family of Companies" includes IMM and all of its subsidiary and affiliated entities and we refer to customers of the IMM as "visitors".  
When this Privacy Policy uses the term "personally identifiable information," it means information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number. When other information, such as, for example, consumer product preferences, or number of children, is directly associated with personally identifiable information, this other information also becomes personally identifiable information for purposes of this Privacy Policy. Personally identifiable information is sometimes referred to in this Privacy Policy as "personal information." Finally, the terms of this Privacy Policy are subject to all applicable laws. 

**Q2.** What types of personally identifiable information do we collect?  
**A2.** We collect several types of personally identifiable information about  
our visitors.

_Information You Provide  
_Much of the personally identifiable information we receive comes directly from visitors who are interested in obtaining various products and services from us. Typically, this information includes the visitor’s name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number. We may also collect other types of information such as gender, age, number of children, and personal interests, which we may associate with personally identifiable information. If you purchase products or services from us, we’ll note, for example, credit card information, the type of services or products ordered or purchased, and the date of the order or purchase. We collect personal information when you register on, log on, or visit our Web sites, including when you participate in activities on our Web sites, such as sweepstakes, contests, games and promotional offers.

_Information Collected Through Technology_  
We collect information through technology to make our sites more interesting and useful to you. For instance, when you come to one of our sites, we collect your IP address. An IP address is often associated with the portal through which you enter the Internet, like your ISP (Internet service provider), your company, or your university. Standing alone, your IP address is not personally identifiable. At times, we also use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our visitors visit various parts of our sites. We may combine this information with personally identifiable information.

Our Web sites also use cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site sends to your computer while you are viewing the Web site. We and other companies use cookies for a variety of purposes. For instance, when you return to one of our sites after logging in, cookies provide information to the site so that the site will remember who you are. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Firefox/Mozilla, Safari, Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your Web experience smoother, like the features mentioned above, and some of our services will not function properly.

Our Web sites use a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes, including Web beacons. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Web sites. We also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our Web sites, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our Web sites. These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We also use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send our visitors to determine whether our visitors have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails. The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable.

_Information That We Collect from Others  
_We may supplement personally identifiable information that we have collected directly from our visitors with other information that we obtain from third parties and other members of the IMM. In addition, we may obtain information about individuals who are not yet users of our Web sites or visitors of IMM. In addition, when we associate information that we obtain from third parties or other members of IMM with personally identifiable information that we have collected under this Privacy Policy, we will treat the acquired information like the information that we collected ourselves and, except as permitted by this Privacy Policy, the information will not be shared with third parties.

**Q3.** How is your personally identifiable information used and shared?  
**A3.** As described in detail below, IMM may use your personally identifiable information in many ways, including sending you promotional materials, and sharing your information with third parties so that these third parties can send you promotional materials. (By "promotional materials," we mean communications that directly promote the use of our Web sites, or the purchase of products or services.) As outlined in A4 below and elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, you may "opt-out" of certain uses of your personal information.

IMM may also use your personal information for many purposes other than sending you promotional materials. For example, we may use your information to complete transactions requested by you from IMM or offered by third parties (such as your purchase of a product or service offered on our Web sites), or to send you administrative communications either about your account with us or about features of our Web sites, including any future changes to this Privacy Policy.

IMM may take your personally identifiable information and make it non-personally identifiable, either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), or by removing characteristics (such as your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you (de-personalizing your information). Given the nature of this information, there are no restrictions under this Privacy Policy upon the right of IMM to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information, and IMM may use and/or share with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information in any way.

_Third Parties Offering Promotions, Products, or Services  
_Subject to your opt-out choices, IMM may share your personal information with selected third parties so that they can send you promotional materials about goods and services (including special offers and promotions) offered by them. When sharing your information for promotional purposes, IMM attempts to select only reputable companies that offer high quality products and services. Moreover, IMM will not share your e-mail address with third parties for promotional purposes, except when you consent to such sharing in the course of your participation in a Sponsored Activity as described below. When IMM shares your personal information with a third party under any circumstance described in this "Third Parties Offering Promotions, Products, or Services" section, your personal information will become permanently subject to the information use and sharing practices of the third party, and the third party will not be restricted by this Privacy Policy with respect to its use and further sharing of your personal information.

_Companies That Facilitate Communications and Transactions with You  
_You Sometimes IMM hires companies to help deliver products or services, like a shipping company that delivers a package or a company that helps fulfill prizes for a sweepstakes. In those instances, there is a need to share your information with these companies. Sometimes IMM also works with other companies who help either gather your information or communicate with you. Your opt-out choices will not apply to sharing by IMM of your personal information with any of these companies. Nonetheless, except as separately permitted by other provisions of this Privacy Policy, these companies are allowed to gather, receive, and use your information only for the purposes described in this paragraph or as required by law.

_Disclosures Required By Law and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Web Sites_  
IMM and Others Regardless of any opt-out choices that you make, IMM will disclose personal information when it believes in good faith that such disclosures (a) are required by law, including, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or (b) will help to: enforce our Terms of Use; enforce contest, sweepstakes, promotions, and/or game rules; protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you; and/or, protect the safety and security of our Web sites, IMM, and/or third parties, including the safety and security of property that belongs to IMM or third parties.

**Q4.** What choices do you have about the collection, use, and sharing of  
your personally identifiable information?  
**A4.** Users who provide us their personal information and wish for such to be deleted should e-mail their request to legal@mileyworld.com, or contact IMM as listed below in A7.

**Q5.** What kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard your  
personally identifiable information?  
**A5.** The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect visitor information from unauthorized access and improper use, including having the Web site certified as being "hacker safe". From time to time, we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.

**Q6.** How can you update your contact information and opt out choices?  
**A6.** You can access and update the contact information you gave us during registration (that is, your postal address, e-mail address, or any other information that would directly enable us to contact you), or modify your opt-out choices as described in Q4 above.   
**  
Q7.** How can you ask questions, or send us comments, about this Privacy  
Policy?  
**A7.** If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail with your questions or comments to legal@mileyworld.com. You can also write us at IMM, 737 Main St., Suite #100, Safety Harbor, FL 34695 Telephone Number: (800) 490-5303 Facsimile Number: (888) 477-8840 Please be assured that any personal information that you provide in communications to the above e-mail address or post office box will not be used to send you promotional materials, unless you so request.

**Q8.** How will you know if we amend this Privacy Policy?  
**A8.** We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail at the last e-mail address that you provided us, and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Web sites covered by this Privacy Policy. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on the Web sites covered by this Privacy Policy. Please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us your current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of personal information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us. 

**YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS  
**  
Beginning on January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits visitors to the IMM Web sites who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to legal@mileyworld.com or write us:  
IMM CA Privacy Rights  
PO BOX 1209, Safety Harbor, FL 34695-1209
