> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the militaryconnection.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-10-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061030231156id_/http%3A//militaryconnection.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Military Jobs Government Employment Schools Loans Pay

**Privacy Policy**

Our privacy policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, and safeguard the personal information you provide to us, and also to help you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. This Privacy Policy will be updated as needed. 

If you are a minor, you may use the Militaryconnection.com web site, a division of Gregory Media, Inc. only in conjunction with your parent, legal guardian, or other responsible adult supervision. We urge supervising adults to actively oversee minors' online use. 

The goal of the Militaryconnection.com web site, a division of Gregory Media, Inc. is to be your favorite military destination on the Internet by providing you with the information, services and product offerings that are most relevant to you. To achieve this goal, we collect two types of information from you when you visit our site: personally identifiable information you voluntarily choose to disclose, and "aggregate information" about your use of our site that is automatically collected when you visit the Militaryconnection.com web site, a division of Gregory Media, Inc.. 

Personal Information You Choose to Provide   
Personally identifiable information refers to information that tells us specifically who you are. Personal information is collected when you voluntarily choose to become a member of the Militaryconnection.com web site, a division of Gregory Media, Inc. community. As a member, you are asked to provide certain basic information such as your name, current email address, and service affiliation. You may also provide additional personal information at your option. Further, if you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. Your personal information is used to help us customize the content and layout of our web site so that we may provide you with a smooth and efficient visit. We also use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service, and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our web site, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable.

  
Aggregate information refers to information your computer automatically provides to us and that cannot be tied back to you as a specific individual. Examples include referral data (the web sites you visited just before and just after our web site), the pages viewed, time spent at our web site, browser and platform type (e.g., a Netscape browser on a Macintosh platform), and IP (Internet Protocol) addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the web. When you request a page from one of our sites, our servers log your IP address to create aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers and partners, and for purposes of system administration. This allows these parties to advertise more effectively, and allows you to receive advertisements that are more relevant.

The Militaryconnection.com web site, a division of Gregory Media, Inc., along with thousands of other web sites, uses standard technologies, such as "cookies" and web server logs, to enhance your web viewing experience. Cookies and web server logs automatically track certain information about you that is based upon your activity on our site. A cookie is a small piece of data transferred from a web site to the hard drive of your computer so that the web site may track your activities on the site. Web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our web site and also to evaluate our site's visitor capacity. Each time you access our site, our server may deliver certain customized information to you based on the data stored in your cookies. Cookies allow us to determine which areas and features of our site are most popular by measuring user activity. Cookies let sites and advertisers "remember" users across pages of a site and across multiple visits to a site. This allows e-commerce and Internet advertising to: personalize features such as targeted news stories, remember user names and passwords for future visits, control ad frequency or the number of times a user sees a given ad, and deliver advertisements targeted to a user's interests. Your computer may occasionally receive cookies from our advertisers. Militaryconnection.com does not control these cookies, and they are not subject to our Privacy Policy. You can disable cookies, but access to certain parts of our Web site may no longer be available to you. Cookies can be disabled. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.

Militaryconnection.com offers a number of third party services from our site, such as ecommerce stores, resume services, job listings and the job board. If you choose to use these optional services, we may provide some of your personally identifiable information to the Co-Brand Service Provider offering such services in order for them to provide the service. Conversely, the Co-Brand Service Provider may provide Militaryconnection.com. with personal information about you. In addition, we may enter into strategic marketing alliances with third parties, such as strategic partners and subsidiaries, who may be given access to personal information, including your name, address, and email, for the purpose of providing you with information about products and services that may be of interest to you. We evaluate such partners to identify products and services that serve the needs of our members well. We cannot and do not, however, make any representations about the practices and policies of these companies.

We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect. This software provides a limited degree of protection against unauthorized access or disclosure, as well as accidental loss, alteration, or destruction.

We may release any private information about you that we possess when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce or apply the terms and conditions of our user agreement, Privacy Policy and/or other agreements, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Militaryconnection.com, our site users, or others.

The links in the Militaryconnection.com web site, a division of Gregory Media, Inc. allow you to leave our site. Please be aware that once you leave our site and enter another web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on web sites that have a link to our web site, or any links contained in a linked site, is subject to that web site's own rules and policies. Militaryconnection.com is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by these sites, nor the information or content contained therein. We provide these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by militaryconnection.com of the site. Please read over the rules and policies of these sites before proceeding. If you have concerns about any site that is linked on Militaryconnection.com, please contact us.

Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable. If you would not like to receive these notifications, you can remove yourself from these lists at any time through email notification. 
