> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the milifestylemarketing.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181219021525id_/https%3A//www.milifestylemarketing.com/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# :: Mi Lifestyle Marketing Global Private Limited ::

Mi Lifestyle Marketing Global Private Limited (herein after referred as “Mi Lifestyle” or “we”, whichever is appropriate) give utmost respect to the privacy of data provided by visitors to our website and insist upon the highest standards for secure transactions and privacy of customer information. However, we act as a service provider to our customers and may process and store personal information that our customers provide under the privacy policy of our website but do not own whole or part of the information. 

**Please read the following to understand our information gathering and dissemination practices.**

1\. COLLECTING INFORMATION  
We collect personal information such as email address, name, phone number, etc., from you, when you set up a account for placing an order and using other services through the site (i.e, milifestylemarketing.com, indiashoppe.com and any other related websites or mobile apps been developed and maintained by Mi Lifestyle). If you browse through the site without providing us with any personal information, we will gather and store some information about your visit, such as IP address, type of browser, operating system used, date and time you access our site, pages you have visited, and if you navigated to our website from another website and the address of that website. This information will not identify you personally and will not be linked back to you.   
We use the information collected to recommend products, enhance the operation of the website, provide alerts you to on latest products, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze website usage and improve upon our product offerings to provide you a better shopping experience. 

2.INFORMATION USE AND DISCLOSURE  
We will not share your Personal Information with other parties and we will preserve your personal information in a highly confidential manner. We may share your information with Authorized Third Party Service Providers (sending SMS, Sending Mails). We provide some of our services and products through third parties. These “Third Party Service Providers” perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails. We may share your Personal Information with such Service Providers to deliver packages, send email, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, operate the Website, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We occasionally use other companies to perform services necessary to our operations. In the course of providing these services, those companies may have access to your personal information. By contractual agreement, those companies will treat your personal information in accordance with their Privacy policy as we don’t have any control over it.   
In the event of a sale, merger, public offering, other change in control, your information may be shared with the person or business that owns or controls this site. Opting out of receiving information will not affect our right to transfer your information to a new owner, but your choices will continue to be respected regarding the use of your information. 

3\. USE OF DEMOGRAPHIC AND PROFILE DATA  
We use your personal information to provide the services you request, resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems, help in promoting a safe service, collect fees owed, measure consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates, customize your experience, detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity and enforce our terms and conditions; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. To the extent we use your personal information to market to you, we will provide you the ability to opt-out of such uses. In our efforts to continually improve our product and service offerings, we collect and analyze demographic and profile data about our user`s activity on our website. We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. On some occasion we require you to complete optional online surveys. These surveys may ask you for contact information and demographic information (like pin code, age, or income level). We use this data to tailor your experience at our site and to find customer interest and review our site, providing you with content that we think you might be interested in and to display content according to your preferences. At no time we will sell your personal data without your permission unless set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

4\. BROWSER USAGE AND COOKIES  
From time to time, we may place "cookies" on your personal computer. "Cookies" are small identifiers sent from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. We site uses cookies to keep track of your session, shopping cart and advertising delivery. This site also uses cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies certain features of the site may not function properly or at all as a result. This site may use an outside ad company to display advertisements on the website but yet the company will not have access to the personal information. 

5\. LINKS TO OTHER SITES  
Our site links to other websites/applications (Google, Facebook, Twitter, whatsapp, etc.,) in good faith to collect/check personal information about you and we will make a reasonable effort to link only to sites that meet similar standards for maintaining each individual's right to privacy. However, many other sites that are not associated or authorized by us may have links leading to the website. We cannot control these links and we disclaim any responsibility for the materials contained in any web site linked to this site. Therefore, we encourage you to read the individual privacy statements of such websites. 

6\. SECURITY PRECAUTIONS  
We safeguard your privacy using known security standards and procedures and comply with applicable privacy laws. Our websites combine industry-approved physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to ensure that your information is well protected though it's life cycle in our infrastructure. We take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure and alteration of the information under our website site control. Sensitive data is hashed or encrypted when it is stored in our infrastructure. Sensitive data is decrypted, processed and immediately re-encrypted or discarded when no longer necessary. We host web services in audited data centers, with restricted access to the data processing servers. Whenever you change or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. 

7\. AMENDMENTS  
We may amend this policy at any time without giving any intimation of whatsoever nature. 

8\. OPTION TO UNSUBSCRIBE  
We provide all users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving non-essential (promotional, marketing-related) communications from us on behalf of our partners and from us in general, after setting up an account. To opt-out of receiving our communications, please click on unsubscribe link in that news mail. 
