> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the millionsubs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160315150718id_/http%3A//www.quiznos.com/About/Privacy-Policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

The Quizno’s Master LLC and its affiliates ("Quiznos") recognizes its obligation to adhere to the highest standards of integrity for visitors to its website located at www.quiznos.com (the "Quiznos Website"). We have developed certain privacy practices in order to maintain these standards and to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including the Children's Online Privacy Practices Act ("COPPA"). If you have any questions or comments about this site, or the Privacy Policy, you should contact the [Quiznos Webmaster](mailto:webmaster@quiznos.com) or call 720.359.3300.

Quiznos does not require visitors to submit personal information to visit the Quiznos Website; however, we do require visitors to submit personal information to register for specific online promotions or to participate in certain online programs, surveys, auctions or other transactions or activities. On a particular Quiznos registration page, we may request the visitor's date of birth, gender, email address, telephone number, and/or other contact and demographic information related to the particular promotion, program, auction, survey or transaction. During the registration process, Quiznos will calculate the visitor's age via DBD entry field. Quiznos will not knowingly collect personal information from children 13 years of age or younger on the Quiznos Website. When you disclose personal information on Quiznos Website, you are representing to Quiznos that you are 14 years of age or older. If a person 13 years of age or younger has provided personal information to Quiznos, a parent or guardian should [contact us](mailto:webmaster@quiznos.com) so that Quiznos can remove such personal information from the Quiznos active database. Quiznos reserves the right to limit participation in particular programs or promotions to visitors 18 years of age or older.

The personal information that you provide will be available to Quiznos, our affiliates, agents, representatives, franchisees and trusted service providers and contractors, as appropriate, to be used for the purposes indicated or inferred at the time you voluntarily provide such personal information. Quiznos might also use your personal information, alone or in combination with the information submitted by other users, to improve the Quiznos Website's navigation or infrastructure and in internal marketing analyses or reviews. Companies that have access to your personal information are required to protect such personal information and to use such personal information only to carry out the activities or services they are performing for you or for Quiznos. Additionally, unless you notify us to the contrary, Quiznos might use your personal information in the future to provide you with special offers from Quiznos or its affiliates. Quiznos does not sell, rent, individually post or otherwise disclose any personal information about visitors to unrelated third parties for marketing purposes. If you do not wish to allow Quiznos to use your personal information in the future to provide you with special offers from Quiznos or its affiliates, please contact Quiznos in the manner identified below. By submitting personal information, you grant to Quiznos a license to use such personal information for the purposes described in this section. If you choose to opt-out from allowing Quiznos to use your personal information in the future to provide you with special offers from Quiznos or its affiliates, simply click the "Opt-out" box at the time you provide personal information or contact Quiznos directly at webmaster@quiznos.com. Upon receipt and processing of an "opt-out" request, Quiznos will, within a commercially reasonable amount of time, remove your information from any listings used to provide you with special offers from Quiznos or its affiliates in the future.

Quiznos may also collect non-personal information from our online visitors, such as the visitor's type of browser, page hits, number of visits, web pages viewed, operating system and domain names, and may use cookies to obtain other non-personal information. Cookies are pieces of data sent from a web server to a web browser that enables a web server to identify users that visit a site hosted by that server. Quiznos Website may use cookies in order to identify you to our site so that Quiznos Website can provide more customized information and services to you. In general, if you choose, you can disable the use of cookies by reviewing your browser's performance and options. The non-personal information we collect enables us to track the total number of visitors to each of our sites in an aggregate form, and is used by Quiznos to improve and update our sites, products and services. Aggregate (non-personal) information may be shared with third parties. By using the Quiznos Website, you grant Quiznos a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple users) license to use, reproduce, store, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, distribute and transmit such non-personal information for any purpose, and waive any moral rights and publicity rights in such non-personal information. Quiznos does not tie this non-personal information to your personal information.

If visitors send us any comments, suggestions, information, ideas, concepts, knowledge or techniques, Quiznos is free to use the information worldwide, in perpetuity, without acknowledgement or compensation, for any purpose, including developing, manufacturing or marketing products and/or modifying or improving our web site(s).

This Privacy Policy may be modified by Quiznos at any time by updating this posting. You are responsible for reviewing this Privacy Policy each time you use or access the Quiznos Website.

We partner with SteelHouse to deliver offers that are relevant to your interests based on what  
you’ve viewed on our site. SteelHouse’s cookies only collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information  
for online marketing purposes. This information is anonymous and cannot be traced back to any  
individual. To learn more, please visit SteelHouse’s [Privacy Policy](http://www.steelhouse.com/privacy-policy). To receive less relevant offers and  
decline to be included in our online offers through SteelHouse, click here. To opt-out of all online  
marketing provided by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) of which SteelHouse is a  
member, [click here.](http://www.steelhouse.com/opt-out)

NETWORK ADVERTISING INITIATIVE: http://www.networkadvertising.org
