> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ethicalconsumer.org privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171123150241id_/http%3A//www.ethicalconsumer.org/websiteinformation/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy of Ethical Consumer

## Privacy

This Privacy Policy explains what we do with the personal information that we collect from site visitors and subscribers. If you have any questions [please contact us](https://web.archive.org/linkclick.aspx?link=181&tabid=162).  
 

You signify your consent to our collecting and using your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy by your use of this website. We shall keep a regularly updated copy of this Privacy Policy on our site.

### Site Visitors  
 

If you are simply browsing the site then we do not request any personally identifying information from you.

However, we do collect a limited amount of non-personally identifying information which your internet browser makes available whenever you visit a website.

The web server records IP addresses, your browser type and language, the date, time and nature of your query and produces server logs – as all web servers do.

This information is used solely for monitoring the volume of traffic the site receives and measuring the number of visitors and the requests they make. 

### Google Analytics  
 

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.. Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how visitors use the site.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity to be looked at by ECRA, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  
 

### Hotjar 

Hotjar is a tool that aggregates data on how visitors are using our website. 

It uses cookies to collect non-personal information. Examples of the type of information collected include, but is not limited to, pages visited, how pages are used and interacted with, type of device and browser used and the country you are in.

For more information on Hotjar  ollects data, what data it collects please, and how to opt out of it collecting your information please read [Hotjar's own privacy policy](https://www.hotjar.com/privacy).

### Site Cookies

  
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

This site issues one 'non-session' cookie, for the purpose of flagging whether a visitor has saved their score customisation settings on our product guide pages.  

### Subscribers and Sales  
 

We require customers personal information, including name, address and and e-mail address in order for us to provide subscription services. Some of the information requested is voluntary; compulsory fields are clearly marked on the sales form.

Your credit or debit card details will be obtained when you enter your card details to make your order. These are held on a secure server by DataCash who are responsible for debiting the correct amount from your card.

This allows your order to be processed and fulfilled and permits us to track your order status. We also ask for your telephone number, which enables us to contact you if there is a problem with your order.

### Using Your Data  
 

We never rent, sell or share your personally identifying information with other companies or individuals.

Using the email addresses you provided at registration or subscription, we reserve the right periodically send emails about developments or changes to our services or the administration of your account.

We also  provide a regular email newsletter. Subscribers have the option to opt out of receiving further email newsletters, but Registered Users accept them as part of their free service and cannot opt out. 

### Publishing Emails and Letters  
 

We reserve the right to publish emails and letters sent to ECRA.

In some cases, where a company sends a significant comment on a particular abstract or story, we have a policy to publish this response as an abstract itself.

Please mark correspondence clearly NOT FOR PUBLICATION if you do not wish us to consider this option.

If you have any questions relating to this policy please contact us using the following details:

Ethical Consumer Research Association Ltd  
Unit 21  
41 Old Birley Street  
Hulme  
Manchester  
M15 5RF
