> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the u-blox.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191006213746id_/https%3A//www.u-blox.com/en/info/u-blox-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# u-blox privacy policy | u-blox

If you do not wish to receive direct marketing material we will not collect your data for these purposes.

  **How u‑blox transfers any personal data it collects**

By consenting to u‑blox processing your personal data, you consent to its potential transfer and storage with other u‑blox affiliates and third party contractors such as distributors or service providers directly linked to u‑blox’s business and which may be located outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). u‑blox will not monetize your personal data by e.g. selling such data to data miners and therefore not transfer your personal data to any unauthorized third party. In relation to any transfers of personal data, we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with the applicable data privacy laws and regulations.

  **How long u‑blox will keep your data**

We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to comply with applicable laws, our contractual obligations with you and further to our legitimate business interests.  

  **How u‑blox records your IP address through its website**

When you access our website, your communications data (e.g. IP address) is technically generated and could conceivably relate to personal data. The collection, processing and use of your communications data will occur and will be performed in accordance with the applicable data privacy laws and may be matched with your personal data later on, namely once you register your personal data in one of our web forms and opt in to the use of your personal data for the purposes described above.

  **How u‑blox collects non personal data on the u‑blox website**

When you access our website, we may automatically (i.e., not by registration) collect non personal data (e.g. type of Internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the website from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed). We may use this data and share it with our u‑blox affiliates and third party contractors to monitor the attractiveness of our websites and improve their performance or content.  If you do not wish for us to collect your non personal data, please adjust your cookie settings here Cookie Settings.

  **           a)      Tracking via analytics tools**

u‑blox’s website uses analytics tools such as Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer and which facilitate analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website will normally be transmitted to and stored by Google on a server in the United States. If IP anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will, however, be abbreviated beforehand by Google within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the entire IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the United States and abbreviated there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing the website operator with other services relating to website usage and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may prevent the storage of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; please note, however, that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, you can prevent the reporting to Google of the data generated by the cookie regarding your use of the website (incl. your IP address) by contacting Google Analytics here:  
<https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>

  **           b)     u‑blox’s use of "cookies"**

 When you view our website, we may store some data on your computer in the form of a "cookie" to automatically recognize your PC next time you visit. Cookies can help us in many ways, for example, by allowing us to tailor a website to better match your interests. If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your Internet browser to erase all cookies from your computer's hard drive, block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored.

  **Security measures taken by u‑blox regarding your personal data**

To protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration and against unauthorized disclosure or access, u‑blox uses technical and organizational security measures in accordance with applicable law. The u‑blox website contains links to other websites. u‑blox is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites.

 **Your questions and comments**

u‑blox will respond to reasonable requests to review your personal data and to correct or amend any inaccuracies or delete your data at your request as far as possible by law. Please email [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#630f0604020f23164e010f0c1b4d000c0e)

 **Changes to u‑blox’s privacy policy**

We will post any material changes that we may make to our privacy policy in the future on this page.
