> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ishares.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-10-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20011019055518id_/http%3A//www.ishares.com/navigation/bottomnav/privacy.jhtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# iShares: Navigation - Bottomnav

This privacy statement applies to certain information that website visitors transmit to iShares through this website. iShares has a separate privacy policy for consumers and customers of the iShares Funds (e.g., individuals who submit an account application to iShares or become shareholders of an iShares Fund). 

iShares is committed to your right to privacy. Our website allows visitors to self-manage their portfolio information and provides product information to qualified licensed brokers to help them make investment management decisions. In order to serve these needs, we collect basic information about website visitors. In some cases, website visitors may submit information about their financial portfolios in order to use our site's management tools. Visitors may submit non-public, personal information through the site.. We have developed this Privacy Statement to inform website visitors of our policies and practices regarding our use and disclosure of the non-public, personal information submitted through our website. Our procedures include the following:  


  * We are committed to informing website visitors of our information handling practices 
  * We have designed our website so that visitors can self-service their information needs and obtain easy answers to questions about our site's practices and other frequently asked questions 
  * We disclose our privacy policies and procedures on the website 
  * We do not sell non-public, personal information about website visitors to anyone 
  * We use generally accepted encryption and data-storage technology 
  * We provide visitors with the choice of opting out of receiving certain messages and other communications from us 



By submitting information through the website, website visitors are agreeing to the iShares program's use and disclosure of the information as described in this Privacy Statement. We understand that this Statement may seem long, but we believe a thorough Privacy Statement demonstrates our commitment to privacy and explains in detail iShares information handling practices. With a complete privacy statement, website visitors are aware of their choices and can be sure that they are making informed decisions when they communicate with iShares through our website. 

This Privacy Statement explains, among other things, the website's processing and storage practices in the United States for personal information transmitted through the website. Given that the Internet is a global environment, using the Internet to collect and process personal information necessarily involves the transmission of information on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing the website and communicating electronically with us, website visitors acknowledge and agree to our processing and storage of personal information in the United States. This Privacy Statement is currently applicable only to our United States visitors to our website. 

1\. What personal information is collected through iShares.com? 

iShares receives very little personal information from visitors to our website and only for a narrow set of purposes. Typically, personal information is collected through the registration process to allow us to respond to visitors' inquiries for further information, or to distribute requested reference materials. The personal information we collect may include basic information, such as name, title, company address, email address, and telephone and fax numbers. We use the information only to fulfill visitor requests. 

Visitors can send email through the site. The e-mail messages will contain the visitor's screen name and email address, as well as any additional information the visitor may wish to include in the message. 

In addition, visitors are offered the opportunity to refer friends and family who may be interested in our services. When visitors provide us with this information, we manage it the same way as the information visitors provide about themselves. 

From time to time, iShares, its affiliates or service providers may enhance or merge personal information with data from third parties in order to better market our products and services and serve visitor needs. 

2\. Are Cookies and Log Files used? 

We use cookies to make it easier for visitors to use the website and to facilitate an efficient registration process. In most cases, a visitor can refuse a cookie and still fully navigate our website. We do not use cookies to collect or distribute information to third parties for any purpose. 

A cookie is a small text file, which is generated by a site's server and sits on a visitor's hard drive. Cookies enable the site to customize services to the visitor's interests by tracking the visitor's navigation. Most website browsers recognize when a cookie is offered, and permit visitors to opt-out of receiving it. Check with the software manufacturer or your Internet service provider for more information about how your website browser deals with cookies. 

To manage our website, we may anonymously log information on our operational systems. We identify categories of visitors by items such as domains and browser types to report these statistics in the aggregate to our webmasters. We do this in an effort to present visitors the best web experience. It also is an effective information resource. 

3\. How is personal information used? 

A website visitor may choose to provide personal information in order to register on the website. Through registration, we can fulfil visitor requests for our newsletter; the visitor can participate in conferences or events; the visitor can receive our product fact sheets; we can respond to email inquiries; and we can enable our call center to accurately respond to questions, or provide investment services. We also use the information to manage and improve our website content and notify visitors about changes or improvements to our website. 

Registered visitors may choose to communicate with us via phone, mail or through the website. We provide these three options in order to allow visitors to choose the preferred method of communication that meets their lifestyle needs. 

4\. Is information disclosed to third parties? 

It is iShares policy to only disclose non-public, personal information to unaffiliated third parties under the following circumstances: 

  * as permitted by law, or as required by law through subpoena, search warrant or other legal process 
  * to fulfill a visitor's request 
  * to deliver requested product information to a visitor 
  * to deliver requested publications or reference materials to a visitor 
  * to facilitate use of third party tools provided by or through our website 
  * to provide personal information to direct marketing agencies 



Other than those instances itemized above, iShares does not disclose or sell non-public, personal information to unaffiliated third parties for consumer marketing purposes. 

5\. How long is the information kept? 

We keep information about visitors (such as information generated though registration for access to areas on the site) as long as necessary to service visitor requests or until a visitor requests that we delete the information. Mailing list and e-mail information is kept for only the period of time considered reasonable to facilitate future requests. 

6\. Links to Third Party Sites 

Because iShares wants our website experience to be as informational and resourceful as possible, we provide a number of links to third party sites. iShares assumes no responsibility for the information practices of sites a visitor is able to access through ishares.com, and encourages visitors to review each site's privacy policy before disclosing any personal information on that site. 

7\. What choices are available for the collection and use of identifying information? 

Visitors are not required to register to gain access to many areas of the website. In order to use all of the site's services, however, we require visitors to register in order to obtain a user-id and password for authentication and secure access to personalized website information or services. 

Visitors voluntarily provide personal information through the website. Should visitors subsequently choose to de-register from the website, they can e-mail us their request at: [barclaysfund@seic.com](mailto:barclaysfund@seic.com). 

8\. Can I change or delete the information later? 

Visitors should identify and correct any inaccuracies in the information they submit. To update information previously submitted, visitors should click on the "My Profile" link located at the top of every web page. Visitors should direct inquiries about the accuracy of information previously submitted through the website, or requests to update information, to: [barclaysfund@seic.com](mailto:barclaysfund@seic.com). Visitors also may request to have non-public, personal information removed from current operational systems. iShares will not be responsible for outdated information or for verifying personal information. Visitors have the right to reasonable access to the information they have submitted through the website. 

9\. How is my information secured? 

The website uses generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personal information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. We give only authorized agents of iShares and service providers access to personal information submitted through the site. These agents have agreed not to disclose or use the information except as necessary to provide requested services. 

10\. Changes to the iShares Privacy Statement 

iShares reserves the right to modify or amend this Statement at any time and for any reason. 

In order to keep visitors informed of our privacy policies and practices for non-public, personal information transmitted through the website, we will post changes to our Privacy Statement on the site. 

11\. Children's online privacy protection 

iShares understands the importance of protecting children's privacy, especially in an online environment. The website is not intentionally designed for or directed at children 18 years of age or younger. It is our policy not to knowingly collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 18. 

12\. Contact us 

We welcome inquiries or comments about our privacy statement and any queries or concerns about iShares. You may direct these to: [barclaysfund@seic.com](mailto:barclaysfund@seic.com) or call 1-800-ISHARES.
