> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ishoptheworld.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161129084305id_/http%3A//www.ishoptheworld.com/pages/iShoptheWorld-Privacy-Policy/pgid-714356.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# iShoptheWorld Privacy Policy

##  ISHOPTHEWORLD PRIVACY POLICY

The following privacy policy (the **Privacy Policy** ) shall apply to your use of this iShoptheWorld.com website (the " **Website** ") which is operated by [Red Mile Interactive General Trading LLC] (the " **Company** ") and should be read in conjunction with the Terms of Use. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how it will be treated.

Where this Privacy Policy refers to "we", "us" and "our" we mean theCompany and where this Privacy Policy refers to "you" and "your" we mean the user of the Website.

By viewing and using a the **Website** you will be deemed to agree to this **Privacy Policy.**

If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, then you must immediately stop using or accessing the Website.

  1. **Collection**  
Companymay gather two types of information about you from the Website: (a) personal information, provided by you at the time of voluntary registration for the services offered by Company; and (b) aggregate information generated byCompany's systems, which track traffic to the Website but do not relate to you personally. Failure to provide necessary personal information when requested may result in certain services not being available to you. Company may collect additional information from you in relation to promotions, and also any information you provide when corresponding with Company.
  2. **Disclosure of Information**  
Company may disclose: (a) any information that it gathers about you to third parties for the purposes of providing you with the services that you request; (b) aggregate tracking information and other information that does not personally identify you to third parties; (c) your personal information to third parties, when Company believes in good faith that it is required to do so by law; or (d) your personal information to third parties, provided Company has your prior authorisation, which may be obtained at the time of collecting the information from you. 
  3. **Use**  
Company uses the personal information it collects: (a) to verify your identity and assist you if you forget your password or login details for any of Company's registration services; (b) to assist in providing the services requested by you; (c) to provide further information to you about other websites and services or which Companyconsiders may be of interest to you; (d) for future marketing, promotional and publicity purposes, including to carry out direct marketing, market research and surveys; (e) for ensuring that you are shown the information that is most relevant to you and your interests; and (f) for any other use that you authorise. 

Company will seek your consent if it wishes to use your personal information for purposes other than those you have agreed to previously.

  4. **Cookies and Tracking**  
Companyuses a “cookie” file containing information that can identify details of your IP address, operating system (e.g. Microsoft Windows, Mac O/S, Linux), browser (e.g. Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, plus the version of the Browser), domain (to determine which country you are accessing the Website from) and other user information (e.g. your username).

Companymay use the information generated by cookies to: (a) track traffic patterns to and from the Website;(b) ensure any advertising is being shown to the most appropriate person; and (c) enable you to enter the Website and use certain services and to visit registered user only areas of the Website.

  5. **Content Providers, Advertisers and Partners**  
You can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use the Website but you will need them to log on to the Website and to access personalised or secure content on the Website. Some webpages may not function properly if the cookies are turned off. 
  6. **Content Providers, Advertisers and Partners**  
Companyis not responsible for the data collection practices, privacy policies or the content of websites other than this Website, including any websites that are accessible via a link from this Website. You should contact the operators of those websites directly if you wish to enquire about their privacy practices and policies before providing your personal information to any third party.
  7. **Opting In and Opting Out**  
If Company's intended collection, use or disclosure of your personal information is outside the collection, use or disclosure circumstances set out in this Privacy Policy, Companywill give you the option to: (a) opt out and neither receive certain services nor participate in certain interactive areas; or (b) opt in to agree to be contacted by Companyin relation to certain matters such as notification of new features to the Website, beta testing or promotional activities.
  8. **Protecting your Personal Information**  
The security of your personal information is important to Company. Companyhas implemented generally accepted technological and operational security measures to attempt to protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized alteration or destruction. For example, all personal information you provide to Companyis stored on secure servers. All your personal information, including your credit card details, is encrypted before leaving your browser. Companywill keep these measures under review and enhance them from time to time as necessary.

Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, therefore, **Company** cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information.

  9. **Holding, Correcting and Updating Information**  
Your information will be held at **Company's** premises, or at the premises of an appointed third party. **Company** may allow other third parties to have access to your information, but only for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. **Company** will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  
If you have any questions about how **Company** services work or regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact **Company** customer service team at  
Media City, Dubai U.A.E  
P.O Box 95946  
Email: sell@ishoptheworld.com  
Telephone number: +971 (4) 2118329  
Fax number: +971 (4) 283-3945
  10. **Amendments**  
**Company** reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and without providing you with notice of such changes. Any changes will be effective 30 days from the date posted on the **website** You agree that your continued use of the **website** constitutes your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy, and you agree that all previous versions of the Privacy Policy are superseded by the modified version.


