> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the westfield.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141213083030id_/http%3A//www.westfield.com/us/help/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Westfield

This is the privacy policy for Westfield United States' http://westfield.com web site (the " _Westfield Website_ ").

Material in the Westfield Website and any other Internet web site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by the Westfield Group or any of its related, affiliated, or subsidiary companies (together, " _Westfield_ "). This Privacy Policy governs only the Westfield Website in the United States and does not cover websites for any other Westfield website or any subsidiaries and affiliates of Westfield (collectively, "Affiliates").

This Westfield Website is made available by Westfield (" _we_ ", " _us_ " or " _our_ "). This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of certain information relating to your use of this Westfield Website. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and made a part of the Terms of Use Agreement which governs your use of this Westfield Website in general, and your use of this Westfield Website signifies your understanding and acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use  Agreement. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy and/or the Terms of Use Agreement, you are not authorized to use, and please do not use, this Westfield Website. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so you are encouraged to review this Privacy Policy from time to time or we may notify you of the existence of a revised privacy policy. Changes and additions to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this Westfield Website. Your continued use of this Westfield Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean you accept those changes.

Your privacy on the Internet is important to us. As part of the operation of this Westfield Website, we gather certain types of information about users of the Westfield Website (" _Users_ "). We hope that this disclosure will help increase your confidence in our website and enhance your experience here involving the collection of personally identifiable information (" _Personal Information_ "). We will protect the privacy and security of your Personal Information as set forth herein. This Privacy Policy covers the information you provide to us by or through this Westfield Website. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to third party Web sites that may be accessible through this Westfield Website. Please be aware that we have no control over such Web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those third party Web sites to learn if and how they collect and use information about you.  
**  
Children.   _ _** Protecting the privacy of children is especially important. We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly. The Westfield Website supports and complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (" _COPPA_ ") and other laws. The Westfield Website is not aimed at nor intended for children under the age of 13. **If you are under the age of 13, please DO NOT USE the** **Westfield Website.** Our website does not accept registration from children under the age of 13. No personally identifiable information (as defined in the COPPA, 15 U.S.C. Section 6501) is purposefully or knowingly collected from children under the age of 13 by the Westfield Website without parental consent. Every User hereby agrees that all information you provide, including but not limited to age, shall be truthful and correct. The Westfield Website will not condition a child's participation in an online activity upon the child providing more personally identifiable information than is reasonably necessary for participation in such activity.  
**  
How Your Information Is Stored  **- Information held about you (for example, your e-mail Newsletter subscriptions) is held in a database. The database is protected by a firewall as well as host-based security. The data is not transmitted over the Internet once it has been stored in the database. If Westfield ever has a requirement to transmit the data over the Internet (for example, to make an off-site backup) it will be in encrypted form.  
**  
Sharing of Information with Service Companies   _ _** \- One of the most valuable assets of our business is you. Westfield is not in the business of selling information about Users of the Westfield Website. However, if there is a value for our clients, we will share your information or send you messages on behalf of another company as described below. We will also share information for security reasons. Sometimes companies may be hired by Westfield to facilitate the sales or delivery of products or services, such as a shipping company for the delivery of packages or promotional literature. In those instances, we need to share your information with those third-party companies. These companies are basically "standing in the shoes" of Westfield, and they are allowed to use the information only for the purpose intended by the hiring of the company, such as delivering a product or service.  
**  
Promotions, Products, or Services**  \- Westfield may offer promotions ( _e.g._ , sweepstakes or contests [hereafter " _Promotions_ "]), sometimes in conjunction with the introduction or sales or products or services or a sponsor or advertiser. We will share your information with these sponsors and advertisers if they need it to send or provide you with promotion literature or documents, a commodity or prize. We may share your information with those sponsors so that they may send you other special promotions which they offer, but only if you give us your permission to do so, and we will endeavor to share it only with that specific sponsor or advertiser. In addition, Westfield occasionally may send e-mail promotions to the Users on behalf of third-party sponsors. Again, we only will send these promotions to you if you've given your permission. Separate registration of information may be required to enter Promotions. Registration for Promotions may require the submission of your first and last name, street address, city, state and zip code, email address, telephone number and date of birth. Additional Personal Information may be requested depending on the specific Promotion, but submission of such information may be optional. The Promotion's entry page and/or Rules will provide the specific requirements. You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to special Promotions or offers from our advertisers in connection with many of these types of Promotions.  
**  
Opt-Out Procedures Regarding Promotions and Offers**  \- Westfield or its parent or advertisers, may contact you or other Users who have registered for, or participated in, various Westfield Website events, Promotions, or transactions, or we may send offers for the purchase of service or products that may be of interest to Users. You may "opt out" of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails or text messages from us at any time by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in the email. However, we, or our Affiliates, may continue to contact you via email for administrative or informational purposes, including follow-up messages regarding the administration of your account, any services, features or functions you have enrolled in or registered to use, any Promotions you have participated in or have entered, goods and/or services you have ordered, or other transactions you have undertaken by way of Westfield Website. In the event that we, or our Affiliates, unknowingly send an email or text message to a child (a person under the age of 13 years) who has registered with the Westfield Website in violation of our Terms of Use Agreement, the child or the child's parent or legal guardian always has the right to unsubscribe (opt-out) from receiving future emails or text messages via the unsubscribe mechanism contained in the email or message, or to request termination of the child's registration and status as a registered user with the Westfield Website. The same process for unsubscribing is available to a parent or legal guardian of a minor (a person under the age of 18 years, or the age of majority in your state).  
**  
Content Partners**  \- On occasion the Westfield Website may provide content that is created by a third-party partner website. In some instances the third-party sites will collect information in order to facilitate the transaction or to make the use of their content more productive and efficient. In these circumstances the information collected is shared between Westfield and our third-party sponsors.  
**  
Third-Party Advertisers and Network Advertisers**  \- To help increase privacy protections for our Users, Westfield may allow advertising, if any, on its site from only those companies that have their own privacy policy. Once you have clicked on an advertisement and have left the Westfield Website, our privacy policy no longer applies. You must read the privacy policy of the advertiser or subsequently visited site to see how your Personal Information will be handled on those sites. In addition, many business advertisements may be managed and placed on our site by third-party companies. These "network advertisers" collect non-Personal Information when you click on or scan one of their banner advertisements. The information is collected using technology, so you may not realize it's being collected. The network advertisers collect this information so that they may show you ads that are more relevant or interesting to you.  
**  
Purchase or Sale of Businesses**  \- Online business is still in a very early stage and is changing and evolving rapidly. As Westfield continually looks for ways to improve its business, we may buy or sell a company. If we buy or sell a business, the names collected will likely be transferred as a part of the sale. Information about registrants will be used in the aggregate. However, if we buy a business, we will honor the requests that customers made of that business regarding e-mail communications. In the event that we sell a business, we will do everything in our power to ensure that the e-mail communications requests you made of us are honored.

To further assist you with reading through our Privacy Policy, we have provided answers to questions that you may find most important: 

##  What Information is Collected by the Westfield Website? 

We collect two types of information from users: personal data (consisting of your name, address, phone number and your e-mail address) and aggregated data (consisting of browser type, operating system, IP address, the number of visitors to the Westfield Website and information about traffic patterns on the Westfield Website, such as the pages of the Westfield Website accessed by users and the time spent by users on the Westfield Website). 

##  How and When is Personal Data Collected? 

Personal data is collected if and when you provide personal data to the Westfield Website during registration for access to the transactional and/or marketing transactional areas of the Westfield Website. 

##  How and When is Aggregated Information Collected? 

Aggregated information, or non-Personal Information (such as browser type, operating system, IP address and pages accessed) is collected through various methods. For example, the Westfield Website may use cookies or collect IP addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet provider whenever you're surfing the Web. When you request a page from the Westfield Website, our servers log your IP address. We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to provide aggregate data about the volume of use on and number of visitors to the Westfield Website and to audit the use of our Westfield Website. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, so although your session will be logged, you will remain anonymous to us. 

Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's computer hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies make using the Westfield Website easier by, among other things, saving your passwords and preferences for you. As an example, we may use cookies to enhance the functionality of the site, to make your transactions and other activities more convenient and efficient, to remember user preferences or minimize the need for you to re-enter information, to keep track of your visits to the site, or help identify you when you return to the site. These cookies are restricted for use only on our Westfield Website, and do not transfer any Personal Information to any third party. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies; however, you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. (Note: you will need to consult the help area of your browser application for instructions.) If you choose to disable your cookies setting or refuse to accept a cookie, some parts of the Westfield Website may not function properly or may be considerably slower, there may be some features of this Westfield Website that will not be available to you and some Web pages may not display properly. 

##  What Use Do or Can We Make of Information Collected by the Westfield Website? 

We use both the personal and aggregated information we collect for multiple purposes. The aggregated information may be used as described above, and to improve the content and features of the Westfield Website, enhance your online experience and keep track of the number of visitors to the Westfield Website. We may use your IP addresses in cooperation with your Internet provider to identify you if we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Terms of Use or to protect our service, sites, customers, or others. 

We may access and use your Personal Information to contact you if necessary, and we may access, use and/or disclose your Personal Information in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the requirements of the law or comply with legal process served on us; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, including our Affiliates; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Westfield Website or the public. In addition, we shall have the right to provide your Personal Information to an entity that acquires all or substantially all of our assets. 

##  What About Links to Other Web Sites? 

It is important to note that the Westfield Website contains links to other Web sites on the Internet, and that those Web sites may not follow the same privacy policies as this one. For instance, if you click on a link to a publication site, you will be taken away from the Westfield Website and to an entirely different Web site. These other Web sites may include links from advertisers, content providers and partners who may use our logo and/or style as a result of a co-branding agreement. These other Web sites may send their own cookies to you, and may collect data and make uses of it that we would not. We have no control over what information third parties track or collect, and we have no responsibility or liability for any tracking, data collection or other activities of third parties. 

##  How Does This Site Secure Your Personal Information? 

Security for all personally identifiable information is extremely important to us. Our electronic environments are real-time monitored by Westfield and a third-party specialist security monitoring company. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or that you find on our Westfield Website. You use such information at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make efforts consistent with reasonable commercial practices to ensure its security on our systems. Notwithstanding the above, due to the open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that any information stored on our servers, or transmitted to or from you, will be free from unauthorized access. By using this Westfield Website, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks. 

##  Who Can You Contact If You Have Questions or Concerns? 

Please contact us to report any known or suspected privacy or security breaches or to submit privacy-related questions or complaints. 

Westfield, LLC  
2049 Century Park East  
41st Floor  
Century City, CA 90067  
United States of America  
Attention: Director of Digital Marketing 

An email can also be sent to [usprivacy@westfield.com](mailto:usprivacy@westfield.com "mailto:usprivacy@westfield.com"). 

##  Consent To Processing 

By providing any Personal Information to this Westfield Website, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the transfer of such Personal Information to, and the collection and processing of such Personal Information in, the United States and other countries or territories. 

##  Singular Privacy Statement 

This document is the solitary statement of a Privacy Policy with respect to this Westfield Website, and no summary, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, including, without limitation, machine-generated, is valid. 

This Privacy Policy was last modified on August 24, 2013 and is effective immediately. 
