> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the westwood.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061231050815id_/http%3A//www.ea.com/global/legal/privacy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EA.com Privacy Policy

[](http://www.esrb.org/confirm/ea-confirmation.htm)Electronic Arts (EA) and its subsidiary companies respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected about you. We have adopted a corporate wide Online Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use the information you provide online.

This Privacy Statement and the certification seal located above right confirms that Electronic Arts is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board's Privacy Online Program: ESRB Privacy Online. To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and all of our web sites have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices. As part of this privacy program, we are subject to frequent audits of our sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB.

ESRB Privacy Online is a third-party seal provider whose mission is to protect consumers' online privacy and make the Internet a secure, reliable, and private place to share information and conduct business. ESRB Privacy Online promotes and enforces established principles and guidelines for fair information practices that include requirements of full disclosure, notice, and informed consent.

Whenever you visit a web site that displays the ESRB Privacy Online certification seal, you can expect to be notified of: 

  * What personal information may be collected and by what means 
  * Whether information is collected from children aged 12 and under 
  * Who, if anyone, is collecting your personal information 
  * How this information may be used, including, who - if anyone - it might be shared with 
  * The consequences - if any - resulting from your refusal to provide personal information 
  * How you can access and, if necessary, change the personal information a company maintains 
  * How a company ensures data security, quality, and integrity 
  * Where and how to ask questions or file complaints 



Electronic Arts also adheres to the Safe Harbor Principles that were established by the U.S. Department of Commerce in consultation with the European Commission to comply with the European Commission’s Directive on Data Protection that went into effect in October, 1998.

If you have any questions, complaints, or comments regarding our privacy statement or policies, please contact the [Privacy Policy Administrator](https://web.archive.org/global/legal/privacy/privacy_contacts.jsp) for the country in which you reside. Click on the Privacy Policy Administrator link above to review the contact information. If your country is not listed, contact the United States Privacy Policy Administrator by writing to: Privacy Policy Administrator, Electronic Arts Inc., 207 Redwood Shores Pkwy, Redwood City, CA 94062. 

This privacy policy applies to the following web sites operated by Electronic Arts:

EA.com  
EASPORTS.com  
electronicarts.co.uk  
uo.com  
pogo.com  
Simcity.com  
thesims.com  
Westwood.com

In addition, Electronic Arts owns several other domain names that point to the web sites listed above, and we will from time to time add new sites that may or may not be listed above. Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by Electronic Arts or its subsidiaries, and not to web sites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by Electronic Arts online, not offline. 

**Third Party Sites**  
If you click on a link to a third party site, including on an advertisement, a link to America Online (AOL), or an Ad company, you will leave the Electronic Arts site you are visiting and go to the site you selected. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, including AOL or other service providers, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as Electronic Arts. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services. If you visit a third party website that is linked to an Electronic Arts site, you should consult that site’s privacy policy before providing any personal information. 

**What is personal information and when does EA collect it?**  
Personal information is information that identifies you and may be used to contact you on-line or off-line. Electronic Arts collects personal information from our online visitors during (1) contests (registration or claiming a prize), (2) warranty registration and/or during customer support or technical service requests, (3) player match up or other online services, (4) registration for games or special game-specific event participation, (5) marketing surveys and email campaigns, (6) registration for membership on our sites, (7) when you order products or subscriptions from us online, or (8) when you request services from third party service providers on our site or (9) through the use of our software or online services. 

Information collected will vary depending upon the activity and may include your name, e-mail address, phone number, mobile number, home address, birth date and credit card information. In addition, we may collect demographic information such as gender, zip code, information about your computer, hardware, software, platform, media, Internet IP address and connection, information about online activity such as feature usage, game play statistics and scores, user rankings and click paths and other data that you may provide in surveys or online profiles, for instance. We may combine demographic information with personal information. Prize winners may also be required to provide Social Security or Social Identification Number for tax purposes. 

We do not require personal information to obtain access to any of our sites; however, you will not be able to access areas that require registration. Whatever the purpose may be, we will only collect information to the extent reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives.

_Xbox Live  
_ If you sign up to play EA games through Microsoft’s Xbox Live Service, Microsoft will provide your Xbox Live user account information to EA so that we can establish an EA Online account for you. You need an EA Online account to play EA’s Xbox Live titles. By signing up to play EA’s Xbox Live titles, you agree that Microsoft can transfer limited user account information to EA. Information transferred from Microsoft to EA for example includes your name, address, e-mail address and date of birth but does not include credit card number or other financial account information. 

_EA's Online Stores_  
Visitors purchasing goods and services through one of our online stores may need to provide a valid credit card number and expiration date, in addition to name, mailing address(es), phone number and e-mail address.

_Job Postings_  
Electronic Arts allows for the online submission of resumes and employment related information. Please note that the information (including personal information) collected and services related to the online job application process are not subject to this privacy policy. However, we want to assure you that information obtained from our job site will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating your submission for possible employment and the related purposes described on our jobs site. Please review the [EA Jobs Data Privacy Statement](http://jobs.ea.com/privacy.html) on EA's jobs site for further information. 

_Online Chat Rooms and Profiles_  
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in our online chatrooms or in creating user “profiles” when you play games on our sites. Information that you disclose in chat rooms or in “profile” information is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality in either place. Please see our [Terms of Service](http://www.ea.com/global/legal/tos.jsp) on this point and for other guidelines about posting content on our web sites. 

**A Special Note About Children**  
Electronic Arts encourages parents to spend time online with their children. We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses or phone numbers, without permission, when using the Internet. We recognize a special obligation to protect personal information obtained from young children. Therefore, with respect to children residing in certain jurisdictions, no information should be submitted nor posted to Electronic Arts' online sites by children 12 years of age or under. In order for children 12 years old and under in such jurisdictions to participate in online activities that require registration, we require prior written permission or other verifiable consent from a parent or guardian. In other jurisdictions, prior written permission or other verifiable consent may be required from a parent or guardian for children under 14 or 18 years of age. Upon registration, the appropriate permission form will be made available. This form must be signed by the child's parent or guardian and returned to Electronic Arts by fax or mail to the [Privacy Policy Administrator](https://web.archive.org/global/legal/privacy/privacy_contacts.jsp) in the relevant country. Children 12 and under may not participate on certain of our sites. In some cases, we may not permit children under 14 or 18 years of age to participate in certain of our sites.

Once we have obtained parental consent, we are prohibited from conditioning a child's participation in an activity - like contests - on the child's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. 

If for any reason you are concerned that your child's personally identifiable information maintained by Electronic Arts is not correct or complete, should you wish to have your child's personal information deleted from our records, or if you want Electronic Arts to discontinue further collection or use of your child's personal information, please contact your [Privacy Policy Administrator](https://web.archive.org/global/legal/privacy/privacy_contacts.jsp) who will be happy to review, update or remove your child's information as appropriate.

**What about cookies and other technologies?**   
We use cookies an other technologies to passively collect demographic information, personalize your experience on our site and monitor advertisements and other activities. Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to track movements within web sites. Certain of our sites use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Also, we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and for other purposes. For example, certain of our sites use “cookies” or other methods to monitor website usage. We collect information on what games are played, how much time is spent playing the games and which ads or links are clicked. We may link cookie information to personal information.

Certain of our sites use an outside ad company to display ads. These ads may contain cookies. Cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad companies, and Electronic Arts does not have access to this information. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so.

DoubleClick, the company that serves many of the ads that appear on the pogo.com site, may also collect information regarding your activities online, including the sites you visit. Other ad serving companies may also collect similar information. Please visit DoubleClick’s website for more information about its services or, to opt out of those services, visit <http://www.doubleclick.com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy/>. For more information about the practices of some of the other large ad serving companies that may collect information on your use of the site, you should visit Atlas DMT, Eyeblaster, Klipmart and PointRoll to view their privacy statements and opt out policies.

Other technologies used include clear GIFs and IP address logging. Clear GIFs (a.k.a. web bugs, beacons or tags) are small graphic images placed on a web page, web-based document, or in an e-mail message. Clear GIFs are invisible to the user because they are typically very small (only 1-by-1 pixel) and the same color as the background of the web page, document or e-mail message. We do not use clear GIFs to collect personal information about you. However, we may use clear GIFs capture statistical usage information for our web pages, features or other elements on a web page. We may correlate this information to a user to personalize user experience and for statistical analysis of user experiences on our web pages. 

EA also maintains log files which contain Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses. An IP address is a numeric address that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. In general, we only use log files to monitor traffic on our Web sites, to report aggregate information to our advertisers and to troubleshoot technical problems. In the event of user abuse of our websites, however, we may block certain IP addresses or console IDs provided by our licensed hardware manufacturers. IP addresses and console IDs may be linked to personal information. 

**What happens to the information provided?**  
Electronic Arts does not disclose any personal information about children under 18 years of age who have registered on any of our websites to third parties, _regardless of parental consent_ , or share or disclose personal information other than as set forth in this policy, provided however, that in the event of a merger, acquisition, or the unlikely event of bankruptcy, management of Electronic Arts’ customer information may be transferred to its successor or assign.

If you register to become a member of EA Online, your user name is reserved for you with our partner, America Online, Inc. (AOL). We send your user name to AOL, but we don’t send AOL any of your personal information. However, if you register to become a member of pogo.com (our online games service), and you are 18 years of age or older, you may opt-in for an AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) Account. If you do, you give EA permission to send AOL your email address and you are automatically registered for an AIM Account. AOL will email you directly concerning your AIM account. As with all third party sites, Electronic Arts does not control AOL’s privacy policies and practices. We urge you to review AOL’s privacy policy at www.aol.com.

Members may register for other services from our site(s) (for example, MyPoints on pogo.com). If you opt in to any of these services, we may collect additional information requested by a service provider and pass this information, together with all other registration information (including personal information), to that service provider. Use of your information by a service provider will be governed by that service provider’s terms of service and privacy policy. We may also retain any additional information collected for use in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Participation in these other related services is optional and is not required to play games on pogo.com or ea.com, or participate in any of our other web sites.

The personal information you provide will allow us to alert you to new products, features and enhancements; special offers; upgrade opportunities; and contests and events of interest. From time to time, we are approached by companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you, and we may provide your personal information to such third parties. We see this as a value-added service helping you to find useful products or services. We strive to limit use of the information you provide to those offers that we think you would appreciate receiving. You may opt out of this service. See the opt out information below. We may send emails that may contain information regarding third-party products or services; however, this doesn't mean that we've traded your personal information to any party.

We may use survey information in marketing surveys to select and direct advertising that is more likely to be of interest to a particular member. This information may be transmitted to an ad server owned by the advertising company (for example, on pogo. com, this is DoubleClick) to match members with ads that they are more likely to be interested in. However, we do not disclose any member's personal information to our advertisers without the member's consent. Participation in member surveys is entirely optional. We may share aggregate consumer data (which does not contain personal information) with the advertising companies.

From time to time, Electronic Arts may employ third-party contractors, such as Digital Impact, to collect personal information on our behalf, or to provide email delivery, product or promotional fulfillment, or other services on our sites. When requesting these services, you may be asked to supply your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address. When our third-party contractors collect and/or have access to the personal information you provide when requesting such services from Electronic Arts, Electronic Arts requires that they adhere to our stated privacy policies and protect the confidentiality of personal information they collect or have access to in the course of their engagement by Electronic Arts.

Finally, we may use your personal information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can consistently improve our sites to better meet our visitors' needs. To enforce legal rights and the law, or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, we may also disclose personal information to law enforcement, or the appropriate civil authorities.

**Where is the information held?**  
Electronic Arts is a global organization and many of the computer systems on which Electronic Arts collects, stores, and uses the information it collects or receives are based in Australia, Europe, the United States and elsewhere. Your personal information may be transferred to, used, processed or held by Electronic Arts in the United States and in other countries, including countries both in and outside the European Union, and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. 

**Opt-out Provision**  
When we first collect information about you, we will offer you the opportunity to opt-out of having your personal information shared with parties outside of Electronic Arts or its subsidiaries (except to the extent required by law, court order, or as requested by other government or law enforcement authority). In addition, if you do not want Electronic Arts to send you e-mail or postal mail about our products and services, you can opt out at the time of registration or information collection. If, at a later date, you choose to have your name removed from our mailing list, you can do so by contacting the [Privacy Policy Administrator](https://web.archive.org/global/legal/privacy/privacy_contacts.jsp) in your country, or if your country is not listed, by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator in the United States. You may also click the unsubscribe link on our email offers and newsletters.

**Safeguarding Your Personal Information**  
We will only collect and use personal information in accordance with this privacy policy to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes, and we will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity, accuracy and privacy of the information you have provided. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any personal information will provide sufficient protection of that information.

**Review, Correction of Your Information and Requesting Removal from Mailing Lists and Deactivating Your Account**  
If for any reason you are concerned that the personal information maintained by Electronic Arts is not correct, or should you wish to have your account(s) deactivated or be removed from our mailing list, please email the [Privacy Policy Administrator](https://web.archive.org/global/legal/privacy/privacy_contacts.jsp) in your country, or if your country is not listed, contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in the United States. We will be happy to review, update or remove information as appropriate. We may still retain your information in our files however, to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, and due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our websites.

By using this site, you signify your assent to the Electronic Arts Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use any Electronic Arts site. We reserve the right to make changes in this policy at any time. Please check the policy each time you use our web site to ensure you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices. Our privacy policy will indicate the date it was last updated. Also, if there is a substantive change in the way that we use your personal information, we will notify you via e-mail of the relevant changes. If you choose to opt-out of our changed practice, our e-mail will contain instructions on how to opt-out. Your continued use of our site will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Online Privacy Policy.

For more information and updates to our Online Privacy Policy, visit privacy.ea.com.
