> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the westmarine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121231013553id_/http%3A//www.westmarine.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/AboutUsView%3FlangId%3D-1%26storeId%3D11151%26catalogId%3D10001%26page%3DPrivacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# About Us: Privacy Policy

## What is West Marine's Privacy Policy and Practices?

West Marine respects the privacy needs and concerns of our customers. This Privacy Policy is to inform you about what kinds of information we collect about you, how we use it, with whom it is shared and the choices you have regarding our use of that information. By accessing or using this Website, you consent to our Privacy Policy. West Marine may modify this Privacy Policy at any time without notice, effective upon its posting to its Website. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your acceptance to this Privacy Policy and any updates. You agree to review this Privacy Policy regularly so that you understand our current Privacy Policy.

We will not obtain personally identifying information about you except as described in this Privacy Policy or if you otherwise choose to provide such information to us voluntarily, whether at our retail stores, on line, through mail order or other promotional activities

Although this Privacy Policy may seem long, it explains the details of our data collection and use of your information because we believe you should know as much as possible about our practices to make informed decisions. Because our customers are of vital importance to us, we do not participate in bulk email solicitations which you have not consented to receiving (i.e., "spam"). 

## Collection of Your Information

Instances where personally identifiable information may be gathered include registrations (for example, registration on our website, in our West Advantage program or in contests or sweepstakes), and purchases made on our website, at our stores or by mail order. The types of personally identifying information we collect may include contact information (e.g., name, postal address, email address and phone number), credit card and ID verification information (such as credit card number and diver's license number, where permitted by applicable law), information about your boat or boating preferences, as well as other relevant information.

When you visit us online, we also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information, such as the type of browser you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider, which of our pages you access, how long you spend on each page, and aggregate data about the number of visits you make and the products and services in which you are interested. The information we learn from you during your visit helps us to improve our site, respond to your requests and customize your shopping experience with West Marine.

In addition, we sometimes work with third parties who collect non-personally identifiable information by placing cookies on your browser when you use or enter a West Marine website.  Cookies are small text files stored on the browser of your computer that may collect non-personally identifiable information about your visit to westmarine.com such as which products pages you visit. The information collected by such third parties on behalf of West Marine may be used to learn which products you are interested in and therefore improve the relevance of the products we advertise back to you. You can opt out of this particular third party use of non-personally identifiable information by using the opt-out mechanism provided by the Network Advertising Initiative at the following link:  <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>

## Use of Your Information

We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. We use the personally identifiable information you provide to respond to any of your questions about our products and services, and for a variety of marketing and promotional purposes.

Also, we employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include website hosting and development, fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, and processing credit card payments. They have access to personal information needed only to perform their functions. We require companies with whom we contract for outsourced services to keep data received from us confidential and to use it only for the purposes indicated.

We may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect with outside records to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you, and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. In addition, we may, from time to time, share your information with other companies with whom we have strategic or marketing relationships (such as our marketing partners, Boat America Corporation and its affiliate, Boat Owners Association of The United States, )or with other companies and marketers whose products or services may be of interest to you. Some of these parties may use your personal information for their own marketing purposes or to send you information regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. Please note, however, that once you provide your personally identifiable information directly to such party (for example, by enrolling in their membership organization or by purchasing product or services directly from them), how they collect and use your information would be controlled by the terms of their privacy policy and West Marine will have no control over their use of your information.

Also, we may release personally identifying information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law or legal process (e.g., in response to a court order, subpoena or a law enforcement agency's request) or to protect the rights or property of West Marine, westmarine.com, our users, our marketing partners or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. In addition, in the event that all or substantially all of West Marine's stock and/or assets are transferred or sold to another entity, we may transfer personally identifiable information to the acquiring entity.

## Opt-Out

Please note that this Privacy Policy applies both to our collection and use of your personally identifiable information on-line (i.e., through our website) as well as offline (i.e., through our retail stores, mail order catalog or other promotional activities), but the methods for opting out of receiving promotional materials from us differs for e-mail and postal mailings. If you do not wish to receive special offers and promotional information email from us, please let us know by checking the "no email" preference box when you complete the on-line registration forms. You may also opt out of this promotional email list after you have registered by returning to the account page. If you register off-line (for example, by completing a registration form at one of our stores) and/or otherwise supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from us (or other organizations with whom we share your information) about new products and services or upcoming events. Note, opting out of receiving promotional materials by e-mail may not affect your receipt of materials by mail. If you do not wish to receive promotional mailings, or if you do not wish for us to share your personal information with third parties who use your information for marketing purposes, please check the "opt out" box when registering offline or let us know by writing to us at West Marine Mail Preference Service, Marketing, P.O. Box 50077-0070, Watsonville, CA 95077-0070, or by calling us at 1-800-685-4838.

We will take all reasonable efforts to delete your personal information from our database as soon as reasonably possible. Please note that even if you chose to opt out of marketing communications, we will continue to send you important service-related communications (e.g., order confirmation or product safety information). However, these are not promotional in nature. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests.

## Protection of Children's Personal Information

West Marine is concerned about protecting the safety and privacy of children. We do not knowingly or specifically request or collect personally identifiable information from or about children and do not market specifically to children. We do, however, sell children's products for purchase by adults.

## Cookies

Cookies are pieces of data your web browser stores on your hard drive. We use cookies so we can recognize you when you pay a repeat visit to our website. Cookies let us personalize your shopping experience based on your preferences. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie." Cookies can also help us provide information which is targeted to your interests. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on our site and you will not be able to submit an order online. Please be aware that if you link to another site from the West Marine website, you may encounter "cookies" or other similar devices placed by third parties. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties.

## Security

West Marine uses the best security available for on-line purchasing. Your privacy and security are very important to us. When you click the "Add to Shopping Cart" button, West Marine automatically checks to see that you have a secure connection. West Marine uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption technology that works with the following browsers: Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Internet Explorer, and AOL (America Online).

If your browser does not support SSL, you will need to upgrade to a new version of Netscape Navigator, Internet Explorer, or AOL that does for on-line purchases. Or, you may fax, mail or phone in your order.

As part of West Marine's privacy and security practices, we do not store your credit card number in your membership file or order history. We request you kindly provide us with your credit card number every time you make a secure transaction.

## West Marine Employment Application Retention Policy

Applications to West Marine Products are important assets. West Marine request only information that pertains to the bona fide occupational qualifications of positions prior to offering a position to a candidate West Marine will only use information obtained through an initial application or selection process to determine whether an applicant should be hired. No personally identifiable information provided will be used for marketing or profiling or be resold to any other entity. Internally, we treat all applications as confidential and restrict access to your personally identifiable information to Associates who need access to the information in order to do their jobs. To learn more about the online application privacy and security procedures, select the “Privacy Policy” link at the bottom right of the online application.

The law requires the Company to maintain employment applications for a specified period of time. West Marine complies with these record retention and destruction policies and schedules. West Marine retains all electronic and paper based Employment applications for the period prescribed by law. To ensure secure handing of Applicant information all Application data files of candidates who are not hired are deleted or destroyed within 2 years. Applications that are relevant to litigation, or potential litigation (i.e., a dispute that could result in litigation), are preserved until the Legal Department determines the records are no longer needed. That exception supersedes any previously or subsequently established destruction schedule.

Questions about Application storage should be referred to Kelley Rood [Kelleyr@westmarine.com](mailto:Kelleyr@westmarine.com?subject=Application%20Retention%20Policy) who is in charge of administering, enforcing and updating the Employment Application policy.

## Other Legal Notices

Our Privacy Policy applies only to West Marine and not to other companies' or organizations' sites to which we link or to which you otherwise provide your information. Accessing third party websites or sources requires you to leave our website. We do not control those third party websites or any of the content contained therein and you expressly acknowledge and agree that we are in no way responsible or liable for any of those third party websites, including, without limitation, their content, policies, failures, promotions, products, services on or actions of those websites and/or any damages, losses, failures or problems caused by, related to or arising from those websites. West Marine encourages you to review all policies, rules, terms and regulations, including the privacy policies, of each website that you visit.

West Marine reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time based on your comment, changes in the law and our need to accurately reflect our data collection and disclosure practices. If we make such a change, we will post a notice on our website, at which time you will be able to "opt out" of these new practices by contacting us. If you are concerned about how your information is used, please check our website periodically to review our current Privacy Policy. Also your continued viewing of or use of our website and your continued transaction of business with West Marine following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.

West Marine is committed to treating your personal information in a confidential manner. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect.

If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please email us at: [wmCustomerService@westmarine.com](mailto:wmCustomerService@westmarine.com)

Privacy policy last updated 9/8/2011.
