> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 160by2.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191228183954id_/https%3A//www.160by2.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Free SMS, Send Free SMS, Free SMS to india, Send Free SMS to india, Free text messaging, Send free SMS from PC to Mobile, Bulk SMS, Corporate SMS, SMS for Business need, SMS for Corporate, SMS API, SMS for Business need in india.

  * Way2Online Interactive India Pvt Ltd and its subsidiaries [(www.160by2.com)]() takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.You are advised to please read the Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing the services provided by 160by2.com you agree to the collection and use of your data by 160by2 in the manner provided in this Privacy Policy.

  * if you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact 160by2 Customer Support Desk at support@ [way2sms.com](https://www.way2sms.com/)

  * This Privacy Policy covers 160by2.COM treatment of personally identifiable information that 160by2 collects when you are on the site, and when you use 160by2 services. This policy also covers 160by2 treatment of any personally identifiable information that 160by2â??s business partners share with 160by2

  * This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Way2Online or 160by2 does not own or control, or to people that 160by2 does not employ or manage.

  * Way2Online Interactive India Pvt Ltd and its subsidiaries [ www.160by2.com ]()takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.You are advised to please read the Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing the services provided by 160by2.com you agree to the collection and use of your data by 160by2 in the manner provided in this Privacy Policy. 

  * an IP address, assigned to the computer which you use

the type of computer you're using

the type of web browser you're using

  * #### We may collect the following personally identifiable information about you:

name including first and last name

alternate email address

mobile phone number and contact details

ZIP/Postal code

demographic profile (like your age, gender, occupation, education, address and durables owned); 

preferences and interests (such as news, sports, travel and so on);

financial information (like account or credit card numbers); and

opinions of features on our websites.

an IP address, assigned to the computer which you use

the type of computer you're using

the type of web browser you're using

#### 160by2 will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:

We have your consent to share the information;

We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; 

We need to share the information with certain service partners in order to respond to your comments or to resolve service issues.

We respond to requests from any Indian or foreign government, security, defence, revenue, regulatory or other authority, agency or officer;

We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable and email address information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.

#### We use your email address to send you:

Password reminder and registration confirmation

Special offers

News letters

Changes in the service's policy or terms of use

Event based communications such as order information, renewal notices, invites, reminders etc. 

#### Generally, we use anonymous traffic information to:

direct our efforts for product improvement

contact you as a survey respondent

notify you if you win any contest; and

send you promotionalmaterials from our contest sponsors or advertisers

We do not share or rent your email addresses or Mobile number with third parties except our alliance partners 

#### We use your personal information to:

help us provide personalized features

tailor our sites to your interest

to get in touch with you in the case of password retrieval and policy changes

to share it with our partners, advertisers, vendors as per the requirement

to provide the services requested by you

to preserve social history as governed by existing law or policy

  * Please note that only anonymous and personally non identifiable information will be shared with our partners/advertisers/vendors most of the times.

  * #### Once you connect your facebook account on our website www.160by2.com, in addition to our privacy policy, the following terms shall specifically apply:

You unequivocally agree that we shall have access to all your information which is defined and uploaded as 'basic account information' (including your date of birth) and 'public information' by Facebook under http:/developers.facebook.com/policy/#definitions.

You authorize us to access your data/information (including 'basic account information' and 'public information') from www.facebook.com, even while you are not online on www.160by2.com. 

You authorize us to pull posts from your Facebook account.

We undertake not to transmit and/or transfer your 'data/information' to any other third party. In this regard we undertake to adhere to the policies as set out by Facebook under the caption "Storing and Using data you receive from us" on www.facebook.com.

You agree that you will be bound to comply with all stipulations in this regard from time to time as set forth by us without needing any further notice of the same. The publication of any such conditions on the website shall constitute sufficient notice to you.

We may collect your information, as required by us, including basic account information, public information, posts and other data related to you as found on www.facebook.com (referred to as 'your information'), irrespective of your online status on www.160by2.com.

We may store 'your information' as required by us on our website www.160by2.com

You authorize us to access 'your information' as available on Facebook for the purposes of enhancing our user experience on our website 'www.160by2.com'.

You agree that besides the aforementioned privacy policy terms specifically in relation to "Connect with Facebook" application, all your data/information obtained from your facebook account shall be subject to our overall privacy policy as well.

In relation to any queries/feedback regarding the "Connect to facebook" feature on our website, the users should contact at [ support@way2sms.com.](https://www.way2sms.com/)

In the event of any conflict between the privacy policy of 160by2.com and the privacy policy of facebook.com, the privacy policy of 160by2.com shall prevail.

  * We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information and email address, Mobile Number submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Youe 160by2 Account is password protected.No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information and email address and Mobile Number, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

if you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send email us at [support@way2sms.com](https://www.way2sms.com/)

  * 160by2 gives you the ability to edit your 160by2 account information and preferences at any time, including whether you want 160by2 to contact you about specials and new products. 160by2 is not responsible and will not be liable for the accuracy, completeness, veracity and reliability of any information including any customized information which may be accessed by or provided to you, which could vary depending on your 160by2 Account Information and preferences including your browser preferences. Also, you can always opt out from receiving emails by choosing unsubscribe link from email you received. We generally, remove your mail id from our mailing list in 2 business days. 

You may request us to delete your account by emailing to [support@way2sms.com.](https://www.way2sms.com/) We send you a 4 digit unique number to your Mobile number, using this you can unsubscribe/delete your account. 

We reserve the right to change or update this policy at any time by placing a prominent notice on our site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting to this site. 

  * If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, or by means of a notice on our homepage. 

  * If you have questions or suggestions email us atÂ [info@160by2.com]()

#### Contact Information:

#### You can contact us at: 

Way2Online Interactive india Pvt Ltd   
No.89, Road No.9   
Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad   
Email: info@160by2.com


