> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fogodechao.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190512142219id_/https%3A//fogodechao.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Fogo de Chão

Effective Date: May 23, 2018  
Your use of this website (this “Website”) is conditioned on your acceptance of our Terms of Service (these “Terms”) and the following Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”).  This Website is owned and operated by Fogo de Chão, Inc. (“we,” “us,” and “our”) and hosted on servers located in Dallas, Texas and Orem, UT. Throughout the Terms and Privacy Policy, “you” “your” and “user” refers to the individual using and accessing the Website pursuant to the Terms. This Website is intended for users located in the United States.  If you are located in a non-US jurisdiction, please note that you will be transferring your Personal Information to the United States and other jurisdictions that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home country. By using this Website and/or providing your Personal Information to us, you consent to your data being transferred, processed, and stored by us as set out in this Privacy Policy, including the use of cookies as described in Section IV.

## I. Collection of Personal Information

When using this Website, we may ask for personally identifiable information about you, including, without limitation, your name, address, e-mail address, birthday (date, month, and year), anniversary, credit card information, and other relevant information or data (collectively, “Personal Information”).  We may also obtain Personal Information through e-mail correspondence if you contact us by e-mail or if you ask to receive periodic news, updates, and other correspondence from us.  It may be a prerequisite for your contacting us that you provide us with specified Personal Information.  Without your providing such Personal Information, we may not be able to respond to any inquiries, post any comments, or otherwise correspond with you.  You agree that any Personal Information that you provide to us through this Website, and any other submission (for example, any comments or questions) are provided by you voluntarily and with full knowledge that such Personal Information and other submissions may be collected, stored, and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy by us.

When you provide Personal Information or other submissions to us, you warrant and represent that any Personal Information regarding another person has been provided with such other person’s express prior consent.

This Website is not directed at collecting Personal Information from children or minors and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that Personal Information about a child under the age of 13 was provided without the consent of a child or minor’s parent or guardian, we will delete such Personal Information.

## II. Use of Personal Information

We use Personal Information and other submissions by you through this Website to respond to your requests, inquiries, and comments, to provide you with periodic news and updates if you agreed to receive periodic news and updates, to make reservations for you, and to otherwise correspond with you.

We do not sell or lease any of your Personal Information or distribute it to any third party marketing or similar companies without your consent.  If you agree to receive periodic news and updates from us, we will use your Personal Information to send you such news and periodic updates as well as automated e-mail messages, promotions, or marketing materials regarding our goods and services.  You may opt-out from receiving further periodic news, updates, and promotional or marketing e-mails by following the “unsubscribe” link on any promotional email from us or by sending an e-mail to us at info@fogo.com and typing the word “unsubscribe” in to the subject line.  Please note that our affiliates and other data recipients have their own data privacy policies that may differ from ours.  You have to contact them separately with any opt-out requests.

We may also offer items for sale on this Website, such as gift cards.  If you elect to purchase any such item, we will collect credit card and other payment information together with other Personal Information in order to process your purchase and payments (collectively, “Payment Information”).  We will not use the Payment Information for any purpose other than in connection with performing the sale and to process and collect any related payment.  
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information collected from offline resources and communications, except in cases where such Personal Information is combined with Personal Information collected by us online. This Privacy Policy also does not apply to third-party online resources to which this Website may link, where we do not control the content or the privacy practices of such resources.

## III. Disclosures of Personal Information

We may disclose Personal Information to, or enable access to Personal Information by, our affiliates, as well as companies and individuals we employ to perform business functions and services on our behalf. Such functions and services may include hosting or maintaining this Website, analyzing data, providing legal, accounting and marketing services, and providing other support services. All such parties will be under obligation to maintain reasonable security and confidentiality of Personal Information. We will disclose Payment Information as necessary to process and collect the payment for any purchase made by you on this Website. We will provide and disclose any Personal Information and Payment Information to the extent required by any law or order or direction of any court or governmental entity or agency. Upon our suspicion of the access or use of this Website for a purpose or in a manner that may be unlawful, illegal, or infringing or in violation of the rights of any person or entity, we reserve the right to disclose and provide any possible evidence, including any Personal Information and Payment Information, to any investigating, prosecuting or litigating party.

## IV. Cookies

We collect information about your computer or other electronic devices when you visit and use our Services. This information may include your domain name, IP address, browser type, date and time of your request and information provided by tracking technologies, such as cookies and single-pixel tags. If you use a mobile device to access our Services, we also may collect information about your device, such as your device ID and device type, as well as usage information about your device. We use this information and tracking technologies to provide additional functionality that enables you to use this Website more effectively, enhance the online experience, and to assist us with improving this Website.

This Website utilizes “cookies” (files placed on your computer by a website server) to track your online activities, including your registration, submissions, and information requests, in accordance with applicable law. Cookies will be stored on your computer until deleted. We do not use cookies to collect Personal Information but track your online activities and may link that information with Personal Information you have provided to us. The web browser of your computer may be set to accept cookies automatically but you should be able to delete placed cookies or change the setting to decline the placement of cookies. Please consult your computer’s instructions in this regard. If you decline to accept cookies, it may prevent or interfere with your full viewing experience of this Website or your ability to communicate with us. Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we generally do not honor Do Not Track signals sent by web browsers.

We partner with third-party vendors to evaluate how this website is used and to provide continuous improvement for this Website and our services. To opt out of our advertising-related cookies, follow the links for our partners below:

## V. Security

We put in place reasonable and standard electronic procedures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access and to protect the integrity of your Personal Information. In certain locations on this Website, such as where users provide information to purchase goods, this Website may use encryption to protect such transmissions.

If any part of the site requires a password and user identification, it is your responsibility to safeguard your password and user identification to access this Website and to notify us at info@fogo.com if you ever suspect that this password or user identification has been compromised. You are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of this Website conducted via your password and user identification.

## VI. California Residents

We may share information collected about you with our affiliates and other third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Subject to certain limits under California Civil Code 1798.83, a California resident who provides personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use may ask us to provide him or her with (i) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (ii) the identity of those third parties. To make this request, California residents may contact us as described in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy. We will make every effort to promptly respond to your request.

## VII. Gift Cards

Personally identifiable data will be collected for all gift card purchases. This Website’s gift card purchase pages are PCI compliant and use the highest encryption technologies. Credit card data is processed outside of this Website by third-party PCI compliant credit card processors and is only stored during the transaction process. Please treat all Fogo de Chao gift cards and promotional cards as cash. Fogo de Chao is not responsible for lost, stolen or damaged gift cards, or unauthorized use. The Fogo de Chao gift cards and promotional cards may be used at any U.S. or Puerto Rico location for making purchases of food or beverage. Balances may be checked online at [fogo.com](http://www.fogo.com/). Value in Puerto Rico on the card holder. Fogo de Chao gift cards and promotional cards cannot be redeemed for cash, except where required by law. Terms of Use are available at [fogo.com](http://www.fogo.com/). Use of this card constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions. For more information, you may contact us as described in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.

## VIII. International Usage

This Website is intended for use by residents of the United States of America. Our computer systems are based in the United States and are subject to U.S. laws. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. You may contact us to remove your information from our computer systems as described in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.

## IX. EU Residents

In accordance with certain data protection laws and regulations that may apply to us, you may be entitled to request information about personal information we hold about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept current. Under such laws and regulations, you may also have the right to request deletion or blocking of your personal information or to object to the processing of your personal information. If you are an EU resident and wish to make such a request, please contact us as described in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy. In some countries, we are entitled by law to charge a fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you and we may also require you to provide us with appropriate identification. Please contact us as described in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy for information on the fee amount, if any.

Also, you may have the right to object to the processing of your personal information for purposes of advertising, as well as market and opinion research, and to revoke a consent given by you at any time with effect for the future. If you are an EU resident and wish to make such an objection, please contact us as described in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.

## X. Revisions

We reserve the right to change, modify, supplement, or replace all or part of this Privacy Policy from time to time and in our sole discretion. We will post all Privacy Policy changes on this Website and provide more prominent notice if the change is significant. The effective date of this Privacy Policy will be identified on the main page of this Privacy Policy. When you visit this Website, you are accepting the current version of this Privacy Policy as posted on this Website at that time. We recommend that you revisit this Privacy Policy frequently to learn of any changes, especially before submitting any Personal Information (as defined below). Your continued use of this Website constitutes your acceptance of such changes. We will also take other steps as necessary depending on the nature of the changes, including obtaining your consent where required by local data protection laws, or providing you with the opportunity to delete your Personal Information.

## XI. Contact Us

Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions, complaints or suggestions you might have regarding the information practices described in this Privacy Statement. You may send us an e-mail at info@fogo.com or write to us at Fogo de Chão, Inc., Attention: Customer Service, 5908 Headquarters Dr Ste. K150, Plano, TX 75024.
