> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jam-software.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180308225357id_/https%3A//www.jam-software.com/company/privacy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# JAM Software - Privacy Policy

JAM Software GmbH is concerned about customer privacy. We will strictly adhere to the rules of privacy and data protection as stated in the German federal law on data protection (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz).

### Declaration of Consent: Newsletter and Additional Information

If you only consented to receiving update notifications, JAM Software GmbH will inform you about free updates. You will receive neither additional emails with information about other software products nor the newsletter of JAM Software GmbH.

If you register for our newsletter, you consent to receiving the quarterly newsletter and other relevant information and offers from JAM Software GmbH via email. JAM Software will track opening rates (download of embedded pictures) for its own statistical purposes but will not store any personal data. You can revoke your consent at any time by clicking on the link "Unsubscribe" you find in each email. Cancelling the newsletters and information emails is free, although fees of your service provider might apply.

No unsolicited advertising mail will be sent for promoting our services or products. 

### Privacy and Data Protection

At the time of this writing the following set of formal rules were applicable to privacy and the way JAM Software conducts business:

  * [Bundesdatenschutzgesetz (BDSG)](http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/bdsg_1990/ "Bundesdatenschutzgesetz") \- text is in German language  
German law on the protection of personal data
  * [EU Data Protection Directive](https://edps.europa.eu/data-protection/our-work/publications/legislation/directive-9546ec_en "EU Data Protection Directive")  
Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of October 24. 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.
  * [OECD Guidelines](http://www.oecd.org/ "OECD Guidelines") on the Protection of Privacy and Transborder Flows of Personal Data



Private and individual-related data (e.g. contact data und registration data) are stored safely on access-controlled media. JAM Software GmbH will not disclose private or individual-related information to a third party. We may use information obtained in order to protect our customers, employees or property. Such protection may include investigation fraud, harassment or other types of unlawful activities. In such cases information may be given to a government entity or a third party provided such demand is lawful. 

**The following statement outlines, how we collect data, which data we collect for which purpose, and how we secure the collected data from misuse.**

### Data Processing on This Website

JAM Software GmbH will automatically store certain information provided freely by your browser into our server log files. That is:

  * Type and version of your browser
  * Your operating system
  * Referrer URL (referring site)
  * Host name of the connecting computer (IP address)
  * Date and time of the connection.



These information will not be attached to certain persons and they will not be aggregated with other data sources. After a statistical evaluation in order to improve our service, all collected data will be deleted. 

This website uses Piwik, a web analytics open-source software. Piwik uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address anonymized prior to its storage) will be stored on a server of Hetzner in Germany. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

### Individual-related Data 

JAM Software GmbH will collect further individual-related data only, if they were voluntarily provided by the user (e.g. in case of a request or during placing an order). 

If you provide JAM Software GmbH with individual-related data we may reference your personal information to answer your service requests, to process existing contracts with you and for technical administration purposes. 

JAM Software GmbH will only provide third parties with your individual-related data - especially if JAM Software GmbH has to forward these data to a supplier - if it is necessary for the fulfillment of contracts, for settlement, or if you have agreed into forwarding beforehand for other reasons. At any time, you are entitled to revoke your given agreement for future uses. 

JAM Software GmbH will delete your individual-related data, if you revoke your allowance for storing your data, if these data are not needed anymore for reaching the goal, that originally was the cause for storing them, or if storing these data is not lawful. 

#### Data storage: Opt out

Here you can set whether your visits to be collected at this site from the web analytics or not. [Settings webanalytics.](https://web.archive.org/web/20180308225357id_/https%3A//www.jam-software.com/company/privacy.shtml)

### Cookies on This Website

This Internet site uses "cookies". Cookies improve the level of service and speed up the delivery of information to our visitors making our site more user-friendly and more secure. Cookies are small text files that will be placed on your computer, created and used by your browser. Most of these cookies are "session cookies". They are used to ensure proper and efficient function of our Internet services, and they will be deleted automatically when you have left our site. Cookies are not harmful to your computer and do not contain viruses or other malware. 

### Privacy on Other Websites

This website contains links to other websites. We cannot influence whether the administrators set up/adhere to privacy policies. We cannot inform you, if other websites use tracking to collect data nor can we tell you which tracking technologies are used.

**Share Buttons**  
We use the safe "Shariff" sharing buttons instead of the share buttons of social networks. "Shariff" was developed by specialists of the computer magazine c't and aims to bring more privacy to the internet. Your data will not be transferred to those networks unless you click one of the buttons. [Learn more about Shariff.](https://github.com/heiseonline/shariff)

**YouTube**  
Embedded YouTube videos use the "privacy-enhanced mode" (nocookie). YouTube won’t store information about visitors on our website unless they play the video.

### Bing UET (Bing Universal Event Tracking) tags

JAM Software GmbH uses Bing UET tags. This is a code that is used to store some non-personal data about the use of the website in connection with a cookie. Bing UET tags are a service of Microsoft Corporation (One Microsoft Way Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA). 

For more information on Bing's analysis services, please visit the Bing Ads website (https://help.bingads.microsoft.com/#apex/3/en/n5012/2). For more information about Microsoft's and Bing's privacy practices, see the Microsoft Privacy Policy (https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement). 

#### Control and Deactivate Bing UET (Bing Universal Event Tracking) tags

To control the ads delivered to you access the [Bing Ads Preferences Manager](https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings). 

### Usage of Retargeting for Interest-based Advertising

This websites uses so-called "retargering tags". A "retargeting tag" is a JavaScript element in the website's source code. If a user accesses a page on this website containing such a tag, a provider of online ads (e.g. Google) places a cookie on the user's computer and connects it to a matching retargeting list. The cookie is required to provide targeted advertising on other pages.

JAM Software GmbH uses Google remarketing tags and thus services of Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google" in short). Google uses cookies saved on your system.

Google has its own privacy policy. Google remarketing tags neither store nor transmit personal data.

### Your Right Of Access to Personal Data and Further Information

At any time, you have the right to know, which personal data of you are stored, as well as how we obtained them, why we stored them and to whom these data were (lawfully) disclosed. Your confidence in our reliability is a major concern for us. If you have a question that could not be answered by this policy text, or if you want to learn more about a certain subject, please don’t hesitate to ask. Please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/customers/contact.php?language=EN) or our data protection officer.

### Data Protection Officer

Rainer Faldey  
WEB AGENTUR FALDEY  
Industriepark Region Trier  
Europa-Allee 12  
54343 Föhren  
Phone: +49-6502-9967817  
E-Mail: beratung@web-agentur-faldey.de

### Currency of this Privacy Policy

This privacy policy is up to date and was last changed on February 13, 2018. It is subject to alterations. Changes will be published at this place and will be effective from the day of publication.
