> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the piperblush.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190331082756id_/https%3A//www.piperblush.com/page.php%3Fid%3D3) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Piper Blush

### Privacy Policy

**Security Policy** Customers that purchase content through PiperBlush.com's webmasters and merchants can be assured that their information is handled in a completely confidential manner. **Storage of transactions and credit card data** All data on PiperBlush.com's premises are stored and protected by state-of-the-art security systems. Our network facilities are monitored 24 hours, 7 days per week, for any downtime, intrusion or attack. All network facilities are physically protected by biometric access control systems. PiperBlush.com is fully compliant with the MasterCard Site Data Protection program and VISA Account Information Security program. **Filling in your credit card information** All transactions are only accepted on pages encrypted with SSL technology. SSL (Secure Socket Layer) makes it possible to encrypt all data on the browser side, and to decrypt the information when it reaches PiperBlush.com's servers. This way no one on the Internet can read the data (including your credit card information) completely protecting your privacy. **New transactions** All new transactions are fully screened by the PiperBlush.com anti-fraud system. PiperBlush.com verifies and cross-references the information supplied to PiperBlush.com. It combines information and checks this with data from more than 200 sources. Because of this intensive anti-fraud verification system, costs of fraudulent transactions and chargebacks are substantially reduced. **Privacy Policy** At PiperBlush.com, we are committed to protect the privacy of both merchants and cardholders. We use the information we collect about cardholders and payment information to process transactions only. Private account and address information is necessary to verify that you are the person making the purchase and to thwart potential fraud. All information gathered in the course of a transaction is transmitted securely and is protected by our database throughout the transaction process. **WE WILL NEVER PROVIDE YOUR INFORMATION TO ANOTHER PARTY AND WE WILL NEVER SOLICIT YOU.** **What information do we collect? How do we use it?** When you order as a cardholder, we need to know your name, e-mail address, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, credit card, debit card, or checking account number, CVC code and expiration date. Sometimes we require your mailing address as well. This information allows us to safely process your transaction. We log the IP address for address verification and risk management purposes. **WE ONLY USE THE INFORMATION TO PROCESS, CONFIRM AND NOTIFY YOU OF THE SPECIFIC TRANSACTION YOU ARE MAKING.** How does PiperBlush.com protect customer information? When you place orders or access your account information, we use a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. **What about "cookies"?** "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide features such as linking and reselling. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. PiperBlush.com.com contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are clicking to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours. **WE WILL NOT INCLUDE PERSONAL IDENTIFYING INFORMATION.** PiperBlush.com may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to > Comply with law, > Enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or > Protect the rights, property or safety of PiperBlush.com, our users, or others. In summary: We are committed to protect your privacy. We use the information we collect on the order page to process orders and protect you against unauthorized transactions. We do not sell,trade, or rent your personal information to others. Your consent: By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by PiperBlush.com. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. **WE NEVER PROVIDE PERSONAL CREDIT CARD, DEBIT CARD OR BANDING INFORMATION WITH ANY REGISTERED SELLER.** How will PiperBlush.com correspond with me? PiperBlush.com will notify cardholders by email that their transaction was completed (receipt). 
