> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the molbase.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171215084156id_/http%3A//www.molbase.com/en/about.html%3Faid%3D300) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy_Molbase

On http://www.molbase.com (from now on, will be referred as molbase.com), visitor privacy is of our serious concern. This privacy policy page describes what kind of personal information may be received and collected by molbase.com and how the information will be used.

 **Search Engine Ads**

As many other professional sites, molbase.com invest on the internet advertisement.Our advertise partners include google and bing Ads (YahooAds). In order to maximize online advertising ROI and to find target clients, molbase.comapplied some tracking codes generated by those search engines to record user IPs and page viewing flows. 

 **Business Contact Data**

We collect all the business contact data sent through emails or web forms on molbase.com from visitors.The visitor identification and contact related data entered will be kept strictly for molbase.com’sinternal use.Molbase.com will ensure the safety and proper usage of those data.

 **Information Usage**

We will only use your personally identifiable information as described below, unless you have specifically consented to another type of use, either at the time the personally identifiable informationis collected from you or through some other form of consent from you:

1.We will use personally identifiable information to complete any orders you have placed.

2.We will use personally identifiable information to provide you with the specific services that you have requested, such as to reach a retailer.

3.We will use your personally identifiable informationto respond to questions that you send to us.

4.We will use your personally identifiable information tosend you emails from time to time, such as newsletters and notices about ourpromotions.

5.We may disclose personally identifiable information asrequired by law or legal process.

6.We may disclose personally identifiable information to investigate suspected fraud, harassment or  other violations of any law, rule or regulation, or the terms or policies for the web site.

 **OPT OUT/CORRECTIONS**

Upon your request, we will (a) correct orupdate your personal information; (b) stop sending emails to your email address; and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. You can make these requests at the customer information section, or by telephoning, or emailing your request to molbase.com’s Customer Support department at service@molbase.com.Please do not email your credit card number or other sensitive information.
