> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vtechkids.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071215150702id_/http%3A//www.vtechkids.com/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# VTech Electronic Learning Products - Privacy

|  |  | 

|   
---  
  
## **VTECH INDUSTRIES, LLC ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY**

October 26, 2007  
  
VTech Holdings Limited and its affiliates (“VTech”, “us” or “we”) values the privacy of our website visitors. Our online privacy statement (“Privacy Statement”) describes the types of information we gather from those persons visiting the various Internet web sites owned or operated by VTech (individually referred to as the “Site”) and how we use that information. **By accessing this Site, you agree to be bound by the Privacy Statement and our[Terms And Conditions of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20071215150702id_/http%3A//www.vtechkids.com/terms.cfm). If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement, please do not use this Site. Each time you use the Site, the current version of the Privacy Statement will apply. Accordingly, when you use the Site, you should check the date of this Privacy Statement (which appears at the top) and review any changes since the last version.**

Information collected on this website will be used according to the following guidelines:

  1. VTech collects individually identifiable information, and other information that can be associated with an identifier. This information is collected to provide information and services to website users, and to allow VTech to (i) analyze and monitor consumer and customer activity; (ii) promote and support VTech products; and (iii) develop a knowledge base regarding its Web site users and customers. Do not submit information that you do not want VTech to access.

  2. Cookies are pieces of information which websites transfer to your computer’s web browser for storage on your computer’s hard drive. VTech uses cookies to measure activity on our Site, which allows us to improve navigation throughout our Site. In addition, cookies on the Site may contain information (such as an unique user ID), which tracks the pages of the Site you have visited. This information allows us to make updates to enhance your experience. Parts of the Site will not function if you do not have cookies enabled. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you turn off cookies or refuse them, though, you may not be able to use every portion of our Site. A pixel tag, also known as a clear GIF or web beacon, is an invisible tag that may be placed on certain pages of our Site but not on your computer. When you access these pages, pixel tags generate a generic notice of that visit. They usually work in conjunction with cookies, registering when a particular computer visits a particular page. If you turn off cookies the pixel tag will simply detect an anonymous website visit.

  3. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous. 

  4. When we ask for your personal information, it is so that we can provide a product or service to you and to communicate with you about those products and services. This may require us to share information with our business partners. For example, if you purchase goods through this website, like any other retailer we will have to provide your credit card information to our credit card processor and authenticator for payment purposes, and your name and address to the company that ships our merchandise.

  5. When we ask for your personal information, we also give you an option to opt out of additional uses of your personal information for marketing purposes. For example, we may from time to time send you an e-mail message informing you of on-line sales that you may be interested in hearing about. If you do not wish to receive such messages, please click on the appropriate box when providing your personal information.

  6. VTech may be required to disclose personal information without prior notice in response to law enforcement activity or other governmental request, to enforce its contract or property rights, due to a sale or merger of one or more of our assets, or when otherwise required by law or when necessary to protect ourselves. Without limiting the generality of VTech’s rights to share data with others, information we collect may also be transferred in connection with any sale or merger of the company or any division or business line of the company to which the information relates. 

  7. To improve the products and services offered, VTech may share data collected on VTech websites with business partners such as designers and distributors and may furnish data to parties that provide support services for VTech websites.

  8. The security of your personal information is important to us and VTech is committed to handling your customer information carefully. We make reasonable efforts to follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. IN NO EVENT WILL VTECH OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THIS SITE BE LIABLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS, USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FAILURE OR PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS OR LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE (INCLUDING LOSS PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, AND DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM INACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION OR INCONVENIENCE, DELAY, OR LOSS OF THE USE OF THE SITE). THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS APPLY WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF VTECH OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

  9. In the event that VTech sells substantially all of its assets, or one of its units are acquired, personally identifiable information of visitors to the Site and aggregate information will likely be one of the transferred assets.

  10. VTech is concerned about the safety of children when they use the Internet, and understands that children may not understand all the provisions of our Privacy Statement or make informed decisions about the choices that are made available to adult users of the Site. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the sites their children visit. Our Site is not directed to children under the age of 18. Additionally, we will never request personally identifiable information from anyone whom we know to be under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that a user is under the age of 13 and has registered without prior verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her personally identifiable registration information from our files. If you do not qualify to submit information via our Site and do so anyway, your data will be deleted and your order products will not be processed.

  11. If your name, e-mail or postal address, telephone number or other personally identifiable information changes, you may update, correct or omit the relevant information by making the change(s) by logging in with your registration information or by contacting us through the portion of our site labeled “contact us.”

  12. If you prefer not to receive marketing e-mails from VTech, please let us know by (a) sending us an e-mail at [vtechkids@vtechkids.com](mailto:vtechkids@vtechkids.com) or (b) by following the unsubscribe instructions located at the end of any marketing e-mail you receive from us. If you prefer not to receive marketing mail via the mail carrier, please let us know by sending a request to VTech Electronics North America, LLC, **1155 W. Dundee Rd., Ste. 130 Arlington Heights, IL 60004** USA. Please be sure to include in any e-mail or postal mail, your full name, e-mail address, postal address, and any message. Please note that such requests may take up to fourteen (14) days to become effective.

  13. If you do not wish to have personal information collected at our Sites shared with third-party organizations (unrelated to VTech) for their marketing or promotional purposes, you can have your name placed on a "do-not-share" list (in which case, such personal information will not be shared with third parties unrelated to VTech) by sending a request to: VTech Electronics North America, LLC, **1155 W. Dundee Rd., Ste. 130 Arlington Heights, IL 60004** USA. 

  14. Our business and the laws that regulate us change from time to time, and we reserve the right to change this Privacy Statement. If we do change this Privacy Statement, we will post the revised version on this site. Any information that we collect now will be used consistently with the Privacy Statement in effect at the time of use.



