> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nerdordie.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-09-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190927062547id_/https%3A//nerdordie.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy • Nerd or Die

Last updated: May 22nd, 2018

You can request access to, modification to, or erasure of personal information collected [on this page](https://web.archive.org/private-information-contact-form/). If this information is not clear to you, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/contact).

This policy explains the what, how, and why of the information we collect when you use the Website. It also explains the specific ways we use and disclose that information.

  * Changes  
If there are any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post them on the Website and notify you when there’s a change. Any changes will be effective as of the date we post on the Websites or within the Website, whichever date is sooner.
  * Information We Collect (collectively “Information”)
    *  **Information You Provide to Us** : When you register to use the Website, use the Website or Services in any way, communicate with our support team, send us an email, or communicate with us or the Website electronically in any way, you are giving us information that we collect, and also giving us the right to conduct searches, inquiries, and actions on your behalf that generate information. That information may include: your IP address, name, business name, business Website URL, information relating to you or your social media account(s), physical address, email address, phone number, credit card information, payment information, financial information, business information, wage, salary, employment, and other information of any kind. By giving us this information, you consent to your information being collected, used, disclosed, and stored by us according to this Privacy Policy.
    *  **Information About You** : We may retain the digital wallet device identifiers, email addresses, User spending habits, order history, order preferences, social media habits and actions, cell phone numbers, messages you send to Users of any kind, and any other information that Users have provided in any way, directly or indirectly, in any format via the Website, in addition to such information that we may independently develop as a result of analysis or review of any of the aforementioned information types.
    *  **Information from your Use of the Service** : We may collect information about you and how and when you use the Website. This information may include, but is not limited to, your IP address, time, date and browser used, physical address, and actions taken by you within the Website.
    *  **Cookies** : If you consent to our collection and tracking of cookies, we may store “cookies,” which are strings of code, on your computer. We use those cookies to collect information about when you visit our Websites, when you use the Website, your browser type and version, your operating system, and other similar information. You may turn off cookies that have been placed on your computer by following the instructions on your browser, but if you block our cookies, it may be more difficult (and maybe even impossible) to use the Website and/or some Websites.
    *  **Web Beacons** : When we send emails to registered Users we will sometimes track who opened the emails and who clicked the links. We do that to measure our campaign performance and to improve our features for specific segments. To do this, we include single pixel gifs, also called web beacons, in emails we send. Web beacons allow us to collect information about when you open the email, your IP address, your browser or email client type, and other similar details. We also include web beacons in the emails we deliver for you. We use the data from those web beacons to create the reports you see about who has or hasn’t opened emails or clicked links. Reports are also available to us when we send you email, so we may collect and review that information.
  * Use and Disclosure of Information We Collect. We will not sell your data or share your data unless compelled by law. Also, we will only collect information as reasonably necessary for your use of our Website. We may use and disclose Information we collect as follows:
    *  **To promote use of the Website**. For example, if you provide information when you visit our Website or speak with a representative by phone or in person, we may send you future communications about the Website and/or signing up. If you use any of our Websites, and we think you might benefit from using another Website we offer, we may send you correspondence or advertising asking you about it.
    *  **To bill and collect money owed to us, and send you payments**. This includes sending you emails, invoices, receipts, notices of delinquency, and alerting you if we need updated payment or billing information. We may use third parties or internal functionality for secure credit card transaction processing, and we may send information to those third parties or other internal departments to process your orders and credit card payments.
    *  **To send you System Alert Messages**. For example, we may let you know about temporary or permanent changes to a Website, like planned outages, new features, version updates, releases, abuse warnings, and changes to this Agreement.
    *  **To enforce compliance with this TOS and applicable law**.
    *  **To provide customer support to you**.
    *  **To protect the rights and safety of other Users and third parties, as well as our own**.
    *  **To meet legal requirements as required by Law**.
    *  **To provide information to representatives and advisors** , like attorneys and accountants, to help us comply with legal, regulatory, accounting, or security requirements.
    *  **To prosecute and defend a court, arbitration, or similar proceeding**.
    *  **To support, improve, develop, and Websites and other services we offer**. This may include adding features to the Website, developing new Websites, providing Information to our partners, customers, subsidiaries, and affiliates, sending you advertisements or solicitations, or using Information to suggest other Websites you may be interested in. This may further include producing reports, summaries, and suggestions based on the information, and any derivatives thereof. We may disclose any Information to our partners, customers, subsidiaries, and affiliates We may also communicate Information about you internally to conduct research for any additional Websites or services offered by us, now or in the future.
    *  **To communicate with you about your account** for informational purposes.
    *  **To transfer your information** in the case of our sale, merger, consolidation or acquisition. In that event, any acquiring entity or person will be subject to the obligations under this Privacy Policy.
    *  **To send you informational and promotional content that you may choose (or “opt in”) to receive**. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each email.
  *  **Social Media and Links to Third-Party Sites**. The Website may include links to other Websites, whose privacy practices may be different from ours. If you submit information or information of any kind to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit or application you engage with.
  *  **Notice of Breach of Security**. No one is safe from hackers. If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you or people on your User Lists, then we will notify you as soon as possible and later report the action we took in response.
  *  **Accuracy of Data, Transparency, and Choice**. We do our best to keep your data accurate and up to date, to the extent that you provide us with the information we need to do that. If your data or information changes (like a new email address), then you are responsible for notifying us of those changes. We may keep some data and information indefinitely. We will give you access to any personal information about you that we hold within thirty (30) days of any request. Unless it is prohibited by law, we will remove any personal information about you from our servers at your request.
  *  **Enforcement**. We regularly review our compliance with this Privacy Policy. If we receive a written question or concern, then we will do our best to respond to the person who made as quickly as we can.



### Reset your cookie permissions

If you’d agreed to cookies and would like to reset your permissions, the button below will allow you to do so.

[wpca_btn_reset_consent]
