> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eyeblaster.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130630160439id_/http%3A//www.mediamind.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | MediaMind

**Privacy Practices for Our MediaMind Website** (www.mediamind.com)  
MediaMind does not collect any personally-identifying information before, during or after your visit to this MediaMind.com website other than what you voluntarily supply to us (e.g., submitting information through the “Contact Us” form).  When personal or business information is provided by you directly to us, this information is used by MediaMind solely for the purposes identified at the point of contact.

**Advertising and Content Served through MediaMind Technology**  
MediaMind firmly believes in the importance of online privacy.  MediaMind is a member of the [Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)](http://www.networkadvertising.org/) and is in compliance with the NAI Principles.  Through our services, our customers – advertisers, advertising agencies, publishers, and other users – may collect and use information about you to provide you a more enriched online experience.   MediaMind’s innovative tools and services are used to create advertisements, to deliver advertisements to websites on behalf of advertisers, to monitor and manage advertising campaigns, and to present you with advertisements that are more likely to be interesting and relevant to you.

**Data Collection through MediaMind Services**  
MediaMind's technology may be deployed on other websites to collect information that may be used for online ad tailoring purposes or to deliver an advertisement to you from a company whose website you have visited in the past.  MediaMind's technology may employ cookies to collect non-personally identifying information, such as information related to advertising campaign results, in the course of providing its clients with its ad-serving services and for the purpose of helping its clients determine which advertisement is suitable to be delivered to you.  This non-personally identifiable information collected through a cookie may be shared with our customers for their advertising purposes and may be combined by them with other data, including personal information, in possession of our customers.

A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on your computer when that computer’s browser views one of MediaMind’s client's advertisements or websites.  The cookie does not contain your name, address, phone number, email address, or anything that personally identifies you.  MediaMind collects into the cookie only non-personally identifying information such as the computer’s IP address, type of the computer’s operating system, type of internet browser software, what web pages were viewed and at what time, geographic location of a consumer's internet service provider, and demographic information collected through anonymous online surveys such as gender and age range. 

**Information Collection on Behalf of Third Parties**  
On occasion, at the request and on behalf of an advertiser, MediaMind may collect information supplied voluntarily by consumers through their interaction with the body of advertisements on other websites, which may include personally identifiable information (your name, email, etc.) fields filled by you.  This information is provided directly to the advertiser on whose behalf the information was collected, and is not kept by MediaMind.  Advertisers are limited by contract to use this data solely for the purposes identified within the advertisement to provide you with requested goods, services, or information as established within that advertiser's privacy policy.  MediaMind is not responsible for the advertisers' use of this voluntarily supplied data.  MediaMind does not distribute this information to any party other than those indicated within the advertisement. MediaMind never associates any of this information with any data gathered or used in the delivery of that advertisement.

**Links to Other Sites**  
Our site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different from ours.  In addition, there may be links to other sites provided within the body of advertisements on other websites.  We do not have control over the information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.  You should consult the privacy policy of these other sites to learn how your privacy is protected. 

**Data Security and Retention**  
We have reasonable security measures in place to help protect your personally identifiable information that is collected through our web site or voluntarily submitted through your interaction with a MediaMind advertisement.  However, no system can be completely secure, and we make no guarantees as to the safety or security of any information transmitted to or from this site or through our services.  MediaMind retains anonymous log file data for up to thirteen months, following which the data is deleted. 

**The Opt-Out Cookie & Your Choices**  
MediaMind allows consumers to opt out of having online ads tailored using the MediaMind ad-serving cookie. Blocking and/or opting out of cookies does not stop advertisements from being served to your computer; rather, it prevents data from being associated with your browser. Please note that if you choose an opt-out cookie, we will be unable to recognize your browser from one visit to the next, and you may therefore receive the same ad multiple times.

[Click here](http://ds.serving-sys.com/OBA/MediaMind/OptOut.aspx) for the MediaMind ad-serving cookie opt-out. The cookie will apply to the specific browser you are using; if you wish to opt out for other browsers or computers that you use, you must repeat the process using these browsers or computers.  All other cookies associated with your browser will remain intact and your opt-out will be effective with respect to the browser used as long as you do not delete the cookie file from your hard drive. This opt-out process will erase the cookie ID but not the cookie. It's necessary for us to store this "Keep Out" cookie on your computer in order to recognize you as an opt-out user. Please note that if you erase all cookies from your computer, you will also erase our opt-out cookie and will need to repeat the process of opting out.  You may also [opt out by clicking here to visit the website of the NAI](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

If you’ve previously opted out, and would like to reverse your setting, [click here](http://ds.serving-sys.com/OBA/MediaMind/OptIn.aspx) to opt back in.

Through our services and platform, our customers have access to services provided by third party companies that assist our customers with delivering more relevant ads to you.  We have partnered with Bizo, AppNexus, and other companies for these purposes.  To learn more about the services and practices of Bizo or AppNexus or make choices about their services you can visit the sites for [Bizo](http://www.bizo.com/businessProfessionals/opt_out) and [AppNexus](http://www.appnexus.com/legal/privacy.php) .

If you would like to learn more about the practices of some of these other companies and to make choices about their use of your information, please click the following [link](http://www.networkadvertising.org/participating).  There may be other third party companies not covered by the NAI program, and you may consult the privacy policies on their websites for more information and make choices about their services.

**Safe Harbor Compliance**  
MediaMind complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland.  MediaMind has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.  To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification page, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>.

In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles, MediaMind commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.  European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact MediaMind at [Privacy-ProjectGroup@mediamind.com](mailto:Privacy-ProjectGroup@mediamind.com?subject=privacy) .

MediaMind has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints from EU and Swiss citizens or residents regarding transfers of their personal data under the Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if MediaMind does not satisfactorily address your complaint, you may contact BBB EU SAFE HARBOR at [www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints](http://www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints) .

**Changes to this Document**  
MediaMind reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time and without notice. If we change our privacy policy, we will make every effort to post those changes in this area so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

**If You Have Questions About This Policy**  
To address any questions, comments, or concerns related to our privacy policy, please contact our [Customer Support.](https://web.archive.org/contact-us)

Last updated August 20, 2012.
