> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eyeem.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140626144656id_/http%3A//www.eyeem.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EyeEm

##### Privacy Policy - EyeEm Community

We take the protection of your personal data very seriously and strictly comply with the rules of the data protection regulations. Our staff is obligated to protect your personal data in keeping with the legal regulations. The explanations below provide you with an overview of how we ensure this protection and what kind of data is collected for what purpose. 

##### 1\. Responsible authority

The responsible authority as defined by the Data Protection Law is EyeEm Mobile GmbH, Kohlfurter Strasse 41/43, 10999 Berlin, Germany (hereinafter “EyeEm”). 

##### 2\. Personal data

Personal data is individual information about personal or factual affairs of a certain natural person. In order to use the EyeEm Community, it is necessary to enter such personal data. You can revoke your consent to using the data for the future at any time by informing EyeEm using the contact information indicated below. 

##### 3\. EyeEm-Community

3.1 In order to enable you to use the EyeEm-Community, we collect, process and use 

  * your first and last name, 

  * the email address you used for registration 

  * the username used for registration 

  * the password used for registration. 




(hereinafter “personal data”). 

3.2 We use the data provided by you to render our services. Your data is not transmitted to third parties or used for marketing purposes subject to the following regulations. After termination of the Community License Agreement your data will be blocked for further use and deleted once the mandatory storage periods defined in tax and commercial legislation have passed, unless you have explicitly agreed to its further use in accordance with these data protection regulations. 

3.3 EyeEm also uses your personal data to inform you by email about campaigns and offers which are similar to those you are using. You have the right at any time to object to the use of the data in accordance with this section. 

##### 4\. Entering into contact

You can direct questions, opinions and ideas by using the contact form. The information given in this contact form will only be used to answer your questions or to respond to your comments or ideas. 

##### 5\. Transfer to third parties

Data is only transferred to a third party within the scope of legal provisions. Personal data is only transferred to a third party if EyeEm is obliged to transfer the collected data due to a government or court order, or if applicable legal provisions authorise the transfer. 

##### 6\. Use of cookies

Some services of the Community use cookies to offer you a convenient online service featuring numerous functions. Cookies are text files containing information to identify returning visitors exclusively for the time of their visit to the Community. Cookies are saved on the hard disk of your computer and do not cause any harm. Cookies spare you the burden of entering data repeatedly, facilitate the transfer of specific content and help us to identify especially popular sections of our online service. Among others, they enable us to tailor the content of the Community to your needs. 

You can deactivate the use of cookies in the settings of your browser at any time. To find out how to change the settings, please refer to the help function of your internet browser. 

##### 7\. Google Analytics

For the services of the Community, we use Google Analytics, a web analysing tool by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "Cookies", text files which are saved on your computer enabling an analysis of your use of the Community. The information generated by the cookie is, as a rule, transmitted to a Google sever in the USA where it will be saved. However, if IP anonymisation is activated in the Community, your IP address will be shortened within the member states of the European Union or other contracting parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area, prior to transmission. 

Only in exceptional cases, is the full IP address transmitted to a server of Google in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of EyeEm, Google will use this information to analyse your use of the Community, compile reports on the activities of the Community and to render further services in connection with the use of the Community to EyeEm. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics will not be merged with other data collected by Google. 

You can prevent your browser from saving cookies by setting your software accordingly; however, be advised that you might not be able to use all Community functions to their full extent. In addition, you can prevent the collection of the Community usage data (incl. your IP address), which were generated by the cookie as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the following browser plugin using the following link: _<http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de>_. 

##### 8\. Localytics 

For the services of the Community, we use Localytics, an analysing service that collects location information of your mobile device. The location information gained in this way is, as a rule, transmitted to and served on a server of Localytics in the USA. There the information is analysed and transmitted to us. This service enables us to make the Community user-friendlier and more attractive, and to integrate location specific services. 

##### 9\. Location information

If you share your location with other users or add a location description to some content you uploaded to the Community, we will treat this information in the same way as all other personal data. 

##### 10\. Connect services

If you log on to the Community via your log-in of the social networks Facebook, Twitter, Fumblr, Flickr or Foursquare (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Network”) you allow us to collect authentication information, such as your username, encrypted log-on information and other data, which is available on or by means of your network account, e.g. your name, your profile picture, your country, you hometown, your email address, your date of birth, your gender, the names of your friends and profile pictures and networks. We save this information to use it for the purposes specified in section 11 and check your network data. 

##### 11\. Usage of data 

We use the information collected, including your personal data in order to (a) provide the service, to personalise and to improve the use of the services, the products and other offers the service provides, e.g. by offering the adjusted and localised content and advertising; (b) to ensure the technical functionality of the service and the products and services offered via the service, to develop new products and services and to analyse your use of the service, including your interactions with applications, advertising, products and services that are offered, linked on the service and are available; (c) to contact you in matters regarding the service, also by means of e-mails and messaging; (d) to facilitate and make known the service, including functions and contents of the service, such as sharing information, user interactions, notes or tips and suggestions and the integration of third-party services; (e) to implement this Data Protection Declaration and the Conditions of Use, also for the reason to protect rights, the property and security of EyeEm, the User or other persons as well as the parts of the service protected by copyright; and (f) as otherwise herein explained. 

A further use of your data requires your explicit agreement. The granted or refused permission will be documented. 

##### 12\. References and links

Liability for contents of external linked websites (“Hyperlinks”) that lie outside the sphere of responsibility of EyeEm is only assumed if EyeEm is aware of the infringing content and only in the scope of the technically possible and reasonable. 

EyeEm hereby expressly declares that, at the time of the linking, no illegal contents were recognisable on the pages that were to be linked. EyeEm is completely without influence on the current and future form, on the contents and on the authorship of the linked/connected pages. EyeEm therefore herewith expressly dissociates itself from all contents of all linked/connected pages that were changed after the linking. This statement is valid for all links and references established in the EyeEm´s own internet offering, as well as for foreign entries in visitor’s books, forums, link directories and mailing lists and in all kinds of databases where external input to the content is possible. The provider of the pages, to which reference is made, is liable for illegal, incorrect or incomplete contents and, in particular, for damages which result from the use or non-use of such offered information, and not he who merely makes reference to the particular publication via a link. 

##### 13\. Data security

We employ technical and organisational measures in order to safeguard the Community and other systems against loss, destruction, access, changes or the distribution of your data by unauthorised persons. Despite regular controls a complete protection against all dangers is, however, not possible. 

The access to your Community account is possible only after entering your personal password. You should always treat your access information confidentially and close the browser window, once you have ended your communication with us, particularly if you share the use of the computer with others. 

##### 14\. Your rights / duration of use of data

Through the Federal Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz), you have the guaranteed rights to information, correction, deletion or blocking of personal data. These rights are to be exercised by a message sent by mail or e-mail to EyeEm´s address mentioned above or the following e-mail address support@eyeem.com. For your own security, please understand that in the event of a request for information or a change we have to verify your data. 

##### 15\. Further information

Should you have further questions about our data protection regulations, you may contact us by e-mail at any time at support@eyeem.com 

##### 16\. Changes to data protection regulations

EyeEm reserves the right to change these data protection regulations at any time, taking into account currently applicable data protection provisions. In case of any changes, you will be notified upon log-on to any service and you will have to agree to the modified data protection regulations pursuant to section 11 of the regulations. 

Should essential parts of EyeEm be sold or become the property of another company, the customer will also be informed about this when logging on to the services of EyeEm. EyeEm reserves the right to grant the acquirer access to personal data if the customer agrees to this pursuant to section 11 of these data protection regulations. 

**As at: February 2014**
