> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eyeplorer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101122194241id_/http%3A//eyeplorer.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - eyePlorer.com

## Privacy Policy

Privacy of visitors of our web sites or users of our online products is of great importance to us. We recognise and appreciate the need for appropriate protection and management of the personal information you provide us with. eyePlorer GmbH established this Privacy Policy to point out what information we collect and how that information is used.

### Collection of personal information

As a visitor of our web sites you can browse these sites and access most information without revealing your identity or providing personal information. Not until registering for eyePlorer.com will you be asked to provide certain information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you may not be able to engage in that activity.

### Use of collected personal information

eyePlorer GmbH primarily uses the collected information to manage and fulfil the user's requests and inquiries such as registration for products or services, providing detailed information or responding to questions or problems. We may also use the information to contact you to discuss further interest in our products, and to send you information regarding our company or partners, such as promotions and events. You can unsubscribe from receiving such information from us at any time by sending an e-mail to [info@eyeplorer.com](mailto:info@eyeplorer.com). Certain activities may be undertaken by trusted vendors or service providers of eyePlorer GmbH. We do not disclose to third parties the information provided, except for when explicitly indicated at the time we request information. In certain cases we may be obliged to disclose the information provided, for example, in response to a court order.

### Information collected automatically by our web sites

Our web servers automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable technical and routing information. We may track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers. The stored and aggregate information is used to understand how visitors use our web sites and products and to improve the way we do business. We do not link this information to personally identifiable information.

### Collection of information by third-party sites and sponsors

Our web sites or online products may contain links to other sites whose information practices may differ from ours. You should consult the respective third-party sites' privacy policy because we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by third parties. In addition, our web sites or online products may offer content that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity. eyePlorer GmbH has no control over these third parties' use of this information.

### Cookies

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ('Google'). Google Analytics uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### Security

Providing security for the personal information you submit via our sites has a high priority for us. Our web sites and online products have multiple security measures in place to protect ourselves against the loss, misuse and manipulation of user information. Please be aware, however, that no transmission of information via the Internet can be entirely secure. eyePlorer GmbH therefore cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites or online products, and you do so at their own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we will make reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems.

### Ability to access and correct information

Upon an individual’s request, eyePlorer GmbH will provide reasonable access to any personal or sensitive information that has been stored about that person. We will also take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, change, modify or delete any such information that is shown to be incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete.

### Opt-out procedures

Upon an individual’s request, eyePlorer GmbH will remove personal information from our database in order to stop receiving certain or entire communications from eyePlorer GmbH in the future.  
Please note: eyePlorer GmbH is not responsible for removing information from third-party lists or entities with which you may have previously authorized us to share our user information.

### Changes in this privacy statement

eyePlorer GmbH may amend or modify this policy from time to time by posting the amended or modified version on its web sites or online products. Amendments and modifications will be made in a manner to remain consistent with industry-standard principles. This policy may also be changed, or limited, to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, or as otherwise allowed or required by law.

### Contact information

Questions or comments about this policy, or concerns or complaints about possible violations should be sent to:

eyePlorer GmbH  
Adalbertstr. 20  
10997 Berlin   
+49 30 600 317 86  
[info@eyeplorer.com](mailto:info@eyeplorer.com)
