> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the creativelipi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140210021645id_/http%3A//www.creativelipi.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Debt and Loan Site optimization Case Study by Creative Lipi

Creative Lipi is committed to entirely protect the privacy of its visitors. Any information shared by you on the Creative Lipi website will be absolutely confidential and private to Creative Lipi. It will not be shared, completely or partially, with any individual or organization. We have a complete safeguard system in place to prevent any unauthorised leak or access of information.  
This privacy policy may change in future. All changes, as and when they take place, will be updated on this page. According to our current privacy policy we may for information like your name, job title, contact address, email address, preferences, and interests. The objective of the information collected is just to understand your needs and interests and provide you with better services. The information is also for the purpose of our internal records. Using this information, we look at enhancing our products and services, sending you emails about our latest products, services, offers, and more. Contact information like phone number are used for our time to time research or to collect your feedback on our products and services.  
Further, we also allow you to choose to restrict the use of your personal information collected by us, just with a simple click. Whenever you are asked to give the details, indicate that you do not want to review any marketing calls by clicking on the box that allows you this option. If you have not checked it while sharing the information, write us a mail stating your request. You can be assured that your personal information will not be shared with any third party. You can also request details of your personal data held by us under the Data Protection Act 1998, by paying a small fee.   
Traffic log cookies are to keep a track of which pages are being used by the visitors. This information is critical to have data about our webpage traffic. This data is analysed to understand the consumer behavior and needs better and enhance the website information and its look accordingly.  
The only purpose of capturing this data to monitor and analyse our website traffic and improve our website accordingly. In no way, this information gives us any access to your computer or reveals any information about you. You can still choose to decline cookies. You need to modify your browser settings to do so.  
Just for your safety and information, you must know that there are many links of other websites on our website. If you use these links to leave our website and once you do so, we have no control, whatsoever, on the information that you share on that website. We are not responsible for the protection any such information shared by you on another website. Any other website is not governed by this privacy statement. It is advised that you exercise caution before revealing any personal information on any website. 
