> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the creditcards.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040611125953id_/http%3A//www.creditcards.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - CreditCards.com

## CreditCards.com Privacy Policy

**CreditCards.com Privacy Statement Introduction:** CreditCards.com has a strong commitment to providing excellent service to all of our customers, including respecting their concerns about privacy. We understand that visitors to our website may have questions about how this website collects and uses information. We have prepared this statement to inform you of the privacy principles that govern CreditCards.com 

This statement contains numerous general and technical details about the steps we take to respect your privacy concerns. The bottom line is that meeting your needs and expectations form the foundation of everything we do - including protecting your privacy. This website does not collect personally identifiable information from your computer when you browse the site. This means that, unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us with personally identifiable information, we will not know your name, your e-mail address, or any other personally identifiable information. Internet Protocol (IP) Address: An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you browse the Internet. When users request a page from our site, our servers log the user's current IP address. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information about you. Cookies: Our website uses "cookie" technology. "Cookies" are strings of text that a website may store on a user's computer. Our website uses cookies but only requires them in the online reservation process. Cookies enable our website to keep track of your preferences and activities relating to the website. Our website creates session cookies for each visit in order to facilitate your visit. 

**Use of Cookies for Advertising** \- we use third party service providers to serve and host our advertisements. These third parties use persistent cookies to track the number of times our site is accessed and whether the site was accessed from the advertisement. The cookies generated from the advertisements do not contain personally identifiable information and may remain on your hard drive three or more years unless deleted by you. 

To track the effectiveness of CreditCards.com advertisements on other sites, as well as the effectiveness of our advertising for other sites, CreditCards.com uses pixel tags (also known as "clear gifs", "beacon gifs", "1-by-1 gifs", or "web bugs"). Pixel tags are not visible to the user of the site and consist of a few lines of computer coding. If you are visiting CreditCards.com from an advertisement on another site, the pixel tag references the cookie you received when you clicked on the advertisement. The pixel tag then registers this activity with the third party advertising company to allow us to count the number of times an advertisement is accessed. In addition, we also measure the amount of traffic generated from a particular ad. At no time is personally identifiable information about you or your reservation collected by the third party advertising company, nor is any tracking information generated from the pixel tag allowed to be used by them for any other purpose other than to report web site activity to us or allow us to better target future interactive advertising. Our third party service providers may use pixel tags in CreditCards.com marketing e-mails that help us send the e-mail in a format you can read, to allow us to know which e-mails you act upon and to better target the content of future e-mails. In addition, we track the aggregate number of e-mails read and whether any of the links in the e-mail were accessed. No other information is collected or used from pixel tags. Information We Collect: When we need to collect personally identifiable information from you, we will ask you to voluntarily supply us with the information we need. 

**Securing the Transmission and Storage of Information:** All credit card applications listed with CreditCards.com use a Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) line provided you are using a SSL enabled browser such as Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator. This ensures that your information is encrypted as it travels over the Internet. This secure mode is enabled before any such information is transmitted from your computer. You will know you are in secure mode when the padlock or key icon in the lower right-hand or left-hand corner of the computer screen appears in the locked position. You will usually only see this icon only when you are filling out an application. In addition, when accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https." 

**CreditCards.com Privacy Statement Changes:** In the future, we may need to change the privacy statement for CreditCards.com. All changes will be made here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.  

