> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the creflodollarministries.org privacy policy that was archived on 2017-09-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170911120310id_/http%3A//creflodollarministries.org/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CDM - Privacy Policy | CDM International

We take privacy of our visitors seriously and we wish to stress that we do not gather, save, collect nor use any personal information of visitors to our Website.

## Email Policy

AllAboutCookies.org does not collect, sell, rent, or otherwise distribute email addresses or any other personal information. We also do not solicit or collect any emails unless you make a request for reuse of our content or advertising enquiries or other general enquiry. All discussions by email or phone are completely confidential unless we obtain written consent from you.

## Statistic Programmes

We may sometimes employ our own customised statistic analytics which uses tracking cookies which we use to identify, what country, what Internet protocol (IP) address and for methods on how you come to visit our site, including whether you came direct to our site or from another website and the URL of that website.We also try to identify if you have visited us from a search engine such as Google or Bing and for what search string you used.

The information generated by our first party cookies about your use of our website is stored by us on a server in the United States of America.The data is kept for a maximum of 30 days and then deleted. No data is shared or given to third parties.

Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, refer the relevant section of this site.

### Please Note

Our Privacy Policy is subject to change. We will mark any change by placing a asterix * beside our link to our Policy.
