> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the icelotto.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150322125439id_/https%3A//www.icelotto.com/en/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy Icelotto | Icelotto Buy Lottery Tickets Online

Privacy Policy

* Privacy

  1. We, at IceLotto, are committed to protecting your privacy and your personally identifiable information ("Personal Information" ). We have created this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we (or others on our behalf) collect from you when you use our website and the services contained within (the "Services"), how is this information collected and how is it used. This Privacy Policy is part of and should be read in conjunction with our Terms of Use. When you access or use our website, you agree that we (or others on our behalf) may collect, use and disclose your information (including Personal Information) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.



  1. Collection of Information
    1. We (or others on our behalf) collect Personal Information from you, including without limitation, your name, date of birth, home or other physical address, email address, phone number and other contact information. We (or others on our behalf) also collect an activity log unique to you that collects certain administrative and traffic information including without limitation source IP address, time of access, date of access, web page(s) visited, language use, software crash reports and type of browser used. We (or others on our behalf) collect the aforesaid information when you visit or use our website, and also in your communications with us.
    2. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of your Personal Information and all other information you submit to us (or to others on our behalf). Inaccurate information will affect the information you receive when using our site and tools and our ability to contact you as contemplated in this Privacy Policy. For example, your email address should be kept current because that it is how we communicate with you. You may update your Personal Information by logging into your account and update your personal information or by e-mailing our Customer Service.
  2. Use of Information
    1. We use the Personal Information and other information we (or others on our behalf) collect from or about you to deliver the Services, to provide customer support, to undertake necessary security and identity verification checks, to process any of your online transactions, meet certain business requirements and for any other purpose related, directly or indirectly, to the operation of the Services. We may disclose your Personal Information (and any other information) to any third parties that provide services to us in order to allow, enable or improve the provision of the Services to you. Your Personal Information may also be used by us to provide you with promotional offers and information regarding our Services as well as products and services from third parties carefully selected by us, and in order for us to improve our offering of a range of products and services and improved customer service. We may also use the aforesaid information to track your use of our website and for other internal purposes, such as evaluating, providing, and improving our services and our website.
    2. We may disclose your Personal Information and other information we collect (or others on our behalf) from or about you if required to do so by law, or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process, or to protect and defend our rights or property, the personal safety of users of the Services or the public. We reserve the right to share the aforesaid information with banks, credit card companies, and appropriate agencies, if we determine in our sole discretion that you have cheated or attempted to defraud us, or if we suspect you of committing any fraudulent activity (including of fraudulent payment), or any other prohibited transaction.
    3. We may transfer any information (including Personal Information) outside your country of residence and outside the European Union and store it in other countries; the data protection and other laws of these countries may not be as comprehensive as those in the European Union and/or in the country of your residence - in these instances we will take steps to ensure that an appropriate level of protection is given to your Personal Information.
    4. Any person who provides their information to us (or others on our behalf) in connection with the Services represents to us that they are eighteen (18) years of age (or the lawful age in their respective jurisdiction – where higher than 18) or older. It is our policy to try and uncover attempts by minors to access our Services, and this may require having to access and verify your Personal Information. We will not accept and take actions to remove from our records any information which we discover is or was submitted by a minor.
  3. Choice / Opt-Out
    1. By agreeing to this privacy policy, you hereby allow us to provide you with communications from us, as well as from third parties, either in connection with the Services or in connection with other (including, but not limited to, commercial) matters and offers. You hereby acknowledge and consent to the sending of such communications, and will not argue that such activity amounts to sending of unsolicited communications, You also hereby acknowledge that we are not responsible for the communication sent to you by third parties, their content and method of distribution,
    2. You may opt-out from receiving communications from us by sending a blank e-mail to us with the word "Remove" to : support@icelotto.com and/or by clicking the unsubscribe link on our e-mails sent to you.
  4. Cookies
    1. We (or others on our behalf) use a browser feature known as cookies, which are small text files which are placed on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages, to track your activities, record your preferences, and make our site more responsive to your needs by delivering a better and more personalized experience to you. The cookies are stored on your computer and are used by us to help track your clicks and pass information as you go through the pages within our website. Cookies navigational information from browsing visits with Personal Information you provide at our site.
  5. Security
    1. We have implemented suitable security policies, rules and technical measures to protect and safeguard the Personal Information under our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss. All our employees and data processors that have access to, and are associated with the processing of your Personal Information, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your information. On our website, when your information is transferred, we use various means and methods to ensure that your data is transferred securely over the internet to our server.
  6. Links to Other Sites
    1. Our site may contain links to other sites. Other sites may also reference or link to our website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other online sites, and any information collected by these third party online sites is not governed by this Privacy Policy, and we assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the policies (including privacy policies), practices, actions or omissions of such third parties.
  7. Transfer
    1. In the event that we sell, assign or transfer some or all of our business or assets to a successor or acquirer, or if we are acquired by or merge with a third party, or if we file for bankruptcy or become insolvent, we may sell, assign or transfer all of your Personal Information and other information provided by you or about you, regardless of your opt status, to such successor or acquirer.
  8. Disclaimer
    1. The Services operate "AS-IS" and "AS-AVAILABLE", without liability of any kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. We cannot guarantee nor do we represent that there will be error-free performance regarding the privacy of your Personal Information, and we will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to the use or release of Personal Information.
  9. Your Acceptance of this Policy
    1. By agreeing to our Terms of Use during the registration process on our website, or by continued use of our Services, or by submitting your personal information, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, and to any changes we may make to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the changes on our website. We recommend that you revisit this Privacy Policy regularly so as to be kept apprised of any such changes. Your continued use of our Services following the posting of changes to this privacy policy means you accept these changes.


