> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the raidpic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091214223808id_/http%3A//www.raidpic.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# RaidPIC - Simple, Easy, Image Hosting

**General**

RaidPIC.com is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit RaidPIC.com or use its services and features (hereafter collectively known as “RaidPIC.com”) as further outlined in this policy. As a condition of using RaidPIC.com, you agree to provide RaidPIC.com with certain personal information. This information includes, but not limited to: full name, email address as well as your computer's unique IP address (if any) and demographic information). Please note that nowhere on RaidPIC.com do we knowingly collect contact information or financial information from children under the age of 13. Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may update it from time to time. Each time you visit RaidPIC.com, use its services or features, or provide us with information, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time. You agree that by using RaidPIC.com you are expressly and affirmatively consenting to our use and disclosure of the information that you provide, and consenting to receive emails, as described below in this privacy policy.

**Privacy Policy Changes**

This policy may be revised over time as new features are added to RaidPIC.com or as we incorporate suggestions from our users. RaidPIC.com may, in its sole discretion, modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. RaidPIC.com recommends that you review this Privacy Policy from time to time to note any changes. If we are going to use or disclose your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time we collected the information, you will have a choice as to whether or not we use or disclose your information in this new manner.

**Your Information**

You agree, in consideration for the use of RaidPIC.com, to allow RaidPIC.com to use your personal information to send you marketing and promotional materials. RaidPIC.com may also send you marketing and promotional materials that promote third party products. RaidPIC.com will not rent or sell your personal information for use by third parties. These materials may include, but are not limited to: newsletters providing you with additional information on how to use the services and features, and promotional offers for goods and services from RaidPIC.com or third parties.

RaidPIC.com may use your demographic information to perform business analyses or to tailor the site and communications to your interests. We may share anonymous, aggregated demographic information with advertisers and other third parties so that they can tailor their advertisements and communications to the appropriate audience. Any time that we are allowed under this privacy policy to share your contact information or other information, we may also share your demographic information along with it.

**Disclosure to Governmental Entities**

RaidPIC.com may disclose specific contact information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with law, to cooperate with or seek assistance from law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of RaidPIC.com or other visitors to the site or users of RaidPIC.com. Also, your contact information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a merger, acquisition, consolidation, divestiture, or a bankruptcy of RaidPIC.com.

**Tracking Data**

A "cookie" is a small file that we save on your computer's hard drive that contains non-personal information. These cookies help to give you faster access to pages you have already visited. They also allow you to personalise your pages, and optimise your experience at our sites. We also use cookies to help us figure out how many people visit our sites, which of our web pages they visit, and how long they stay there. This information helps us figure out which of our web features are highly successful and which sites might need improvement. You can disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but allow you to disable them. Disabling cookies may prevent you from properly using RaidPIC.com or accessing the site.

Session IDs allow us to identify a particular user across multiple web page requests. This Session ID is maintained within your cookie file, where possible. If cookies are not enabled, or if the user's internet browser program does not support cookies then RaidPIC.com will place the Session ID in the requested web page. This allows the end user to avoid having to continually re-enter certain information for every web page request. This Session ID expires whenever the user closes their internet browser.

Our web pages may also contain special electronic images (called a "single-pixel gif" or "gifs") that allow us to gather only non-personally identifiable traffic statistics and other aggregate information about visitors to our sites. RaidPIC.com (through itself or third parties) uses this technology to collect and accumulate anonymous data that helps us understand and analyse the experience of people visiting our web sites and, along with other information you provide, customise your future visits and improve our web sites. For example, we capture data on the type of browser used, operating system software, cookie preferences (whether the user has them turned on or off), and search engine keywords (what key words did a visitor use to get to our site). We also record number of visits, paths taken, and time spent on sites and pages within RaidPIC.com's web sites. Please keep in mind that none of this information is personally identifiable and that we only distribute this information to internal staff at RaidPIC.com and to partners that have signed confidentiality agreements with us. Any information that we do share with partners reflects overall web site or Internet usage trends, not individual.

Each time you visit RaidPIC.com, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimise RaidPIC.com for you and to diagnose problems with RaidPIC.com, we use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you, as well as prevent misuse of our services. Your IP address may be stored in various areas of RaidPIC.com’s database(s) when uploading images and using other services and features RaidPIC.com may offer.

RaidPIC.com may include the use of ad banner partners for the serving and/or targeting of ads, promotions, and other marketing messages. These ads may be provided, in some cases, by a third party ad service provider. The ad service provider may place or utilise their own unique cookie on your browser, and may use non-personally identifiable information about your visit to our sites, such as the number of times you have viewed the ad. RaidPIC.com is not responsible for the collection of these cookies and is not responsible for the actions of the ad service providers. RaidPIC.com does not sponsor, endorse or guarantee any products or services advertised by third parties on its site.

In order to provide more relevant advertising and monitor user bandwidth usage, RaidPIC.com may gather data from the referrer logs that identify where and how frequently user images being hosted by RaidPIC.com are being displayed on third party sites.

**Information from Other Sites**

RaidPIC.com may place links to other web sites operated by other parties and from time to time may include information and links to third party web sites in our promotional email. Some of these other web sites contain our brand names and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other web sites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other web sites or these other web sites' business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other web sites. Consequently, the operators of these other web sites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the Site. We encourage you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions.

**Security**

RaidPIC.com has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Your information may be transferred to and maintained in whole or in part on computer networks which may be located outside of the state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction in which you reside, and may be stored on equipment or in facilities leased or licensed from third parties. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, RaidPIC.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. However, once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. This privacy policy does not apply to any information, including such images, that you submit for use in publicly available areas. We ask that you do not submit any personal information, including contact information or financial information, for display in public areas, as other people who use RaidPIC.com may see it. If you submit such information for display in public areas, RaidPIC.com cannot prevent it from being used in a manner that violates the law, your personal privacy or your safety. By submitting such information for display in public areas, you assume the risks and sole liability arising as a result of such information being displayed. RaidPIC.com cannot guarantee images will stay private or confidential.

**Contacting Us**

If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, information that you have submitted to us or would like to request the removal of a copyright image, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20091214223808id_/http%3A//www.raidpic.com/contact.php).
