> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the railyatri.in privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171120033740id_/https%3A//www.railyatri.in/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# RailYatri.in | Privacy Policy

  * Policy
    1. We appreciate & value the trust that you have placed on us.Our privacy policy demonstrates our commitment to the privacy of the users for our Site (www.railyatri.in and its allied sites) and RailYatri App ( RailYatri Android app, iOS app , Windows app & any other product owned by RailYatri). Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy,and how we treat personally identifiable information collected from our visitors and users.
    2. Please note that by visiting this Site or using RailYatri App you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy which is a legally binding agreement between you and us,Stelling Technologies Pvt. Ltd., the owner of the Site & RailYatri App ("Company"). If you do not agree, please do not use or access this Site or RailYatri App. By mere use or access of the Site or RailYatri App,you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use.
    3. Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time, without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, kindly review this policy periodically.
  * What this Privacy Policy Covers?
    1. This privacy policy covers treatment of personally identifiable information collected by this Site and RailYatri App.
  * Collection and Use of Personal Information
    * While using RailYatri app, we would collect & store following information: 
      1. **Email Addresses** We automatically read & collect your email addresses available on your phone.We need email addresses to send you email for train ticket status updates, Invoices & other communications. We do not share this with any third parties.
      2. **Phone Number** We collect phone number only when you explicitly give it to us. This is needed to call you for completing our services such as serving food on train,sending m-tickets. Phone Number is also needed for unique identity to help us give you RailYatri cash in your RailYatri closed wallet within the app.
      3. **SMS or Message Logs** We may store your train ticket SMS on our server to notify you with train ticket status changes or to inform you about other services for your travel.
      4. **Device ID** We may store your device id such as IMEI number to help us uniquely identify you.This is needed as many users carry more than one devices to access RailYatri app
      5. **GPS location & City** We may track your current GPS location & city to offer you personalized travel related news & information such as buses , trains, hospitals around your location.
      6. **Device Make,operator name** We collect device type for you to optimise certain features for your device type
      7. **Network type** We may collect this information as few network types behave differently during train travel in India.
      8. **Operating System Version Code & Version Name** We may collect operating system version name & version code to optimize certain features for your OS version
      9. **App Version code and app version name** We may collect app version code and app version name to help support you better.
    * The above information may also be used for internal analysis on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior patterns to help us better understand, protect and serve our users.This information is analysed on an aggregated basis. **None of this information is shared with any third parties & may be periodically deleted from our servers when not needed. **
    * You can visit the Site without revealing any personal information. However, once you register yourself to avail our services, you will be sharing your personal information with us. This helps us provide you a safe and customized experience on our site. We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your behavior on our Site.
    * -
    * For users accessing our Site,the information collected may include the source URL, destination URL, your operating system, device, browser information, and your IP address. We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Site to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. Additionally, you may encounter "cookies" or other similar devices on certain pages of the Site that are placed by third parties. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties
    * If you choose to transact on the Site or the RailYatri App, we may collect information about your transaction behavior, such as your mobile number, billing address, a credit / debit card number and a credit / debit card expiration date and/ or other payment instrument details.
  * Information Sharing and Disclosure
    1. We do not share any of your personal information to any third parties. We may disclose your personal information to affiliates who work with us to provide products and services requested by you. We will share personal information for these purposes only with affiliates whose privacy policies are consistent with ours or who agree to abide by our policies with respect to personal information.We may otherwise disclose your personal information when: We have your express consent to share the information for a specified purpose.We need to respond to subpoenas, court orders or such other legal process.We need to protect the personal safety of the users of our Site,RailYatri app or defend the rights or property.We find that your actions on our Sites violate the Terms of Use document or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
  * RailYatri App Privacy Policy
    1. This Privacy Policy describes the policies and procedures of Stelling Technologies Private Limited (“RailYatri”) on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the RailYatri Application or your mobile phone. RailYatri app collects and uses information as described in "Collection and Use of Personal Information" section. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources. The terms "we", "us", and “our website” refer to RailYatri App or [www.railyatri.in](http://www.railyatri.in/) and the terms "you" and "your" refer to you, as a user of one of our services. The term "personal information" means information that you provide to us which personally identifies you to be contacted or identified, such as your name, phone number, email address, and any other data that is tied to such information.
  * User-Provided train related Information
    1. When you search for a specific train, station or any such travel information using the app, we may collect certain metadata (i.e when it was searched, how many times it was searched etc.).
  * How We Share Your Information
    1. Personally Identifiable Information: Stelling Technolgoies (RailYatri) may share your personally identifiable information with affiliates for the purpose of providing the Service to you or with affiliates offering combined services with us. If we do this, such affiliates use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy. We may store personal information in locations outside our direct control (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers). We may share or disclose your information with your consent, such as if you choose to sign on to the Service through a third-party service on our Site. Stelling Technolgoies (RailYatri) may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or summon or if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect our rights or property.
  * Non-Personally Identifiable Information
    1. We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected through the Service so that the information does not identify you. We may use aggregated, anonymized, and other non-personally identifiable information for any purpose, including for research and marketing purposes, and our use and disclosure of such information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy.
    2. Stelling Technolgoies (RailYatri) may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service and on third-party services. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on our property. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content. Stelling Technolgoies (RailYatri) does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent. However, please note that if an advertiser asks Stelling Technolgoies (RailYatri) to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. The Stelling Technolgoies (RailYatri) PrivacyPolicy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third-party advertisers. Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers for more information.
  * Advertising
    1. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, emailaddress, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
  * Consent
    1. By using the Site and/ or by providing your information, you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the Site in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to your consent for sharing your information as per this privacy policy.
  * Security
    1. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be considered 100% secure.
    2. However we use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
    3. We also safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access, through access control procedures, network firewalls and physical security measures.
  * Changes to this Privacy Policy
    1. We may at any time, without notice to you and in its sole discretion, amend this policy from time to time. Please review this policy periodically. Your continued use of this Site after any such amendments signifies your acceptance thereof.
  * Grievance Officer

In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below - **Mr. Dinesh Rathi** **Stelling Technologies Private Limited** **A-5,6,7 1st Floor, Amco Tower,** **Amaltash Marg, A Block, Sector 9,** **Noida 201301** **U.P., India** **Email: dinesh.rathi@stellingtech.com** **Questions or Suggestions** If you have questions or suggestions about this privacy policy, or your own personal information, please e-mail us at feedback@railyatri.in.



