> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rivermarkcu.org privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100616085923id_/https%3A//www.rivermarkcu.org/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Rivermark Community Credit Union - Privacy_Policy

**Our Privacy Pledge.** At Rivermark Community Credit Union we respect the privacy of our members. We recognize the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of your personal financial information. This notice describes the privacy policy and practices followed by the Credit Union and explains what types of member information we collect and under what circumstances we may share it. This privacy policy supersedes any prior policy that we have issued.

**Member Information We Collect.** The Credit Union collects only relevant information about members that is needed to establish and maintain your account and services as the law allows or requires us to collect. We may collect personal and financial information about you (member information), which is “nonpublic.” The member information we collect varies depending on the accounts and services you request and use. We collect information about you from the following sources:

  * **Application Information.** We retain personal information we receive from you on any application you provide for membership, deposit accounts, EFT services, loans, or other Credit Union services. This includes information such as name, address, social security number, employment and financial status and credit history.
  * **Your Transactions.** Any time you make a transaction on one of your accounts, including ATM or card transactions, loan advances, transactions through home banking, over the phone or at a branch we retain the transaction information, including your account number, the date, amount, location of the transaction, and any other pertinent information.
  * **Credit Information.** When we evaluate your application for an account or service, we may request a credit report about you from a consumer reporting agency. We retain the personal and credit history information about you and we may use it to evaluate future account service requests.
  * **Online.** We obtain information online when you visit our Web site, www.rivermarkcu.org. This includes retaining information you provide us on any online application, online registration, Online Banking transactions or information you send to us by e-mail.



**Member Information We Share.** In order to provide financial services to you, we share certain information about you with third party service providers. However, we only share information to the extent necessary to service your account or offer new services to you. If we share your information, it is with the goal of bringing you quality services, more choices, and greater convenience. Information we may have about former members is generally only shared or disclosed if necessary to enforce or administer an account or as required by law.

**Sharing Information with Third Party Service Providers.** In order for us to conduct our operations, including servicing your account or processing your transactions, we need to share information with our service providers, including data processing companies, check, ATM and other payment processing companies, payment networks, loan service providers, insurance companies, collection agencies, credit reporting agencies, and financial service providers with whom we have joint marketing agreements. These service providers act on our behalf and have agreed in writing to keep the member information we provide to them confidential. We share the following categories of information to third party service providers depending on the specific services provided:

  * Personal information (name, address, account number)
  * Account information (type of accounts, account balances, transaction history)
  * Transaction information (dates, amounts, locations and type of transaction)



We do not share your account numbers with independent third party marketers offering their own products and services. While we may assist in offering financial products and services of our affiliate(s) or other financial service providers, we control the member information used to make such offers.

**Sharing Information as Legally Required or Permitted.** We may share your member information in response to a lawful request issued by a court, government agency, or regulatory authority, or as permitted by law in order to administer or enforce your account. We may also share our experience information about you with credit bureaus. Our reporting to credit bureaus is governed by the Fair Credit Reporting Act, which affords you the right to make sure that your credit bureau reports are accurate.

**Our Confidentiality and Security Safeguards.** We maintain strict policies and security controls to assure that member information in our computer systems and files is protected. Our employees and contractors are permitted access to member information that they may need to perform their jobs and to provide service to you. Our employees and contractors have access to such member information as necessary to conduct a transaction or respond to your inquiries. All employees and contractors are required to respect member privacy. No one except our employees and contractors has access to the Credit Union computer system and records storage. The Credit Union has established internal security controls, including physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the information you provide us and the information we collect about you. We will continue to review our internal security controls to safeguard your member information as we employ new technology in the future.

**What You Can Do to Help Protect Your Privacy.** You can help protect your privacy by following these guidelines:

  * Protect your account numbers, card numbers, PINs, access codes, and passwords. Never keep your PIN with your card, which can provide free access to your accounts if your card is lost or stolen.
  * Use caution when disclosing your account numbers, social security numbers, etc. to other persons. If someone calls you claiming to be from the Credit Union and asks you for your account or card number, beware. Credit Union staff will not need to ask you for this information.
  * Keep your information with us current. It is important that we have current information on how to reach you. If we detect potentially fraudulent or unauthorized activity or use of your account, we will attempt to contact you immediately. If your address or phone number changes, please let us know.



**Online Privacy Protections.** Rivermark Community Credit Union collects and stores information on the domain you use to access its Web site, the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to its site, and the date and time of your visit to its Web site. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various pages on the Web site, to help the credit union make improvements to the information contained in the site, and to better serve our members through special marketing and service programs. To protect the information you provide us online, we use multiple levels of security. The application information we accept online and our Online Banking service rely on industry standard "Secure Socket Layer" (SSL) encryption to secure your transaction information and communication. When you visit our Web site, you can access site information, without revealing your personal identity. Personal identifying information is collected when a member registers to access the Online Banking sections of the Website. This information lets the credit union regulate entry to these portions that are reserved for access only by our members and to measure member usage. Personal identifying information is also collected in our online registration to access our online auction service. Any personal identification information gathered during the registration process is not disclosed or sold to third parties.

E-Mail. Personal information contained in e-mail sent by members and non-members may be used by the credit union to answer questions, follow up on suggestions or complaints, or to improve the level of service the credit union provides. Please be advised that e-mail may not be secure against interception by unauthorized individuals. Therefore, if you wish to communicate sensitive or personal information, you may want to send it by regular mail.

**Cookies.** Some parts of the credit union's Web site may use a "cookie," which is a file placed on your computer hard drive that allows our Web site server to log the pages you use in the site and to determine if you have visited the site before. The cookie captures no personal identification information. The server uses this information to provide certain features during your visit to the Web site. You can set your browser to warn you when placement of a cookie is requested, and decide whether to accept it. By rejecting a cookie, some of the features available on the site may not function properly.

**External Links.** Our Web site contains links to other sites. Rivermark Community Credit Union is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by our Web site. Some of the links from our site will take you off the rivermarkcu.org site to a "co-branded" site where you will see the Rivermark Community Credit Union logo as well as the logo of another service provider. Co-branded Web sites may include Members Financial Services, and Verified by VISA, and may change from time to time. The service provider collects any information that you provide. You are encouraged to read the privacy statement of that provider.

**Children's Information Privacy.** The financial services offered through our Web site are not directed toward children under age 13. We do not knowingly solicit or collect information from children, and we do not knowingly market to children online without express parental consent or notification. If we receive online information from any child, we will only use the information to respond directly to a child's request. We recognize that protecting children's identities and online privacy is important and that responsibility rests with us and with parents.
