> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rivetedlit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160625092703id_/http%3A//www.simonandschuster.com/about/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# New Book Releases, Bestsellers, Author Info and more at Simon & Schuster

Effective Date: This policy was updated and became immediately effective on January 16, 2014.

This Privacy Policy applies to SimonandSchuster.com, Pimsleur.com and all other websites, applications, online services, and other interactive features or downloads that post a link to this Privacy Policy, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or otherwise (collectively, "Sites," and individually, a “Site”). The Sites are owned or controlled by Simon & Schuster, Inc. or one of its subsidiary or affiliated companies (collectively, "S&S"). This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at the Sites. This Privacy Policy may apply to information S&S collects offline, but only if specifically stated at the time of collection or if the information is combined in our databases. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. In addition, please review our [Terms of Use](http://www.simonandschuster.com/about/terms_of_use), which governs your use of the Sites.

#### CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS - YOUR CA PRIVACY RIGHTS

Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, residents of the State of California have the right to request from companies conducting business in California certain information relating to third parties to which the company has disclosed certain categories of personal information during the preceding year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that a company may comply, as S&S does, by disclosing in its privacy policy that it provides consumers choice (opt-out or opt-in) regarding sharing personal information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes, and information on how to exercise that choice. As stated below in this Privacy Policy, S&S provides you choice prior to sharing your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you do not opt-in or if you opt-out at the time S&S offers that choice, S&S does not share your information with that identified third party for its direct marketing purposes.

If you are a California resident and you have questions about our practices with respect to sharing information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes and your ability to exercise choice, please send your request to the following email address: [privacyadministrator@simonandschuster.com](mailto:privacyadministrator@simonandschuster.com) or write to us at the following mailing address: Simon & Schuster Legal, 1230 Avenue of the Americas, 17th Floor, New York, NY 10020, Attn: Privacy Administrator. You must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field of your e-mail or include it in your writing if you choose to write to us at the designated mailing address. You must include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.

#### TABLE OF CONTENTS

  * INFORMATION COLLECTION
  * Information you Provide Directly To S&S
  * Information Collected Automatically
  * Cookies
  * Web Beacons
  * Embedded Scripts
  * Community Forums, User Content, and Posting Content to Third Party Sites
  * Information we Receive from Third Parties and Social Integration
  * HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
  * HOW WE MAY SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
  * When you Consent to Sharing or Request That we Share Your Information
  * Third Parties Providing Services on our Behalf
  * Administrative and Legal Reasons
  * Business Transfers
  * Employment: EEOC
  * Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions
  * THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS PROVIDERS,AD SERVERS AND SIMILAR THIRD PARTIES
  * YOUR CHOICES AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION AND PREFERENCES
  * SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
  * THIRD PARTY CONTENT, LINKS TO OTHER SITES, AND S&S CONTENT FOUND OUTSIDE OF THE SITES
  * CONSENT TO TRANSFER OF DATA
  * CHANGES TO OUR POLICY
  * CONTACT INFORMATION



#### KEY HIGHLIGHTS OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY

**We fully describe our privacy practices below in this Privacy Policy. THIS OVERVIEW HIGHLIGHTS SOME IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS AND ANALYTICS PROVIDERS, AND OUR USE AND SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION, BUT PLEASE REVIEW OUR FULL PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING OUR SITE.**

We primarily use the information we collect when you interact with the Sites in connection with your relationship with S&S, your use of the Sites, and for sending you information from us or on behalf of third parties. Please review the “Information Collection” and “How We Use Your Information” sections for a full description of the information we collect and how we use that information. Note that we do not share your Personal Information (information that identifies you as a specific individual, such as your full name, email address or street address) with third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent; however, we may share your Personal Information under certain limited circumstances. For more information, please review the section below entitled “How We May Share the Information Collected.”

The Sites may contain content served by third parties, including videos and advertisements, and we work with third party service providers to serve S&S advertisements elsewhere online. In connection with serving content and providing analytics and advertising services, third parties may collect certain information about your visits to this or other web sites and we may receive information regarding the use of the Sites and the effectiveness of our advertisements. We do not share Personal Information with these third parties, but the advertising networks, advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers and other vendors may set and access their own tracking devices (including cookies and web beacons) and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you (such as your general interest in certain book genres). For more information, please review the “Third Party Analytics Providers and Ad Servers” section below. Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI”) or the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. You may want to visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp> or <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/> , which provides information regarding targeted advertising and offers an “opt-out” by participating companies.

#### INFORMATION COLLECTION

#### INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE DIRECTLY TO S&S

S&S may ask you to provide personally identifiable information, which is information that identifies you as a specific individual, such as your full name, email address or street address (“Personal Information”), and other information about you, such as demographic information (e.g., your age, gender, or zip code), payment information, or certain information about your preferences and interests. If we combine demographic or similar information with the Personal Information we collect, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.

#### INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY

In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to submit to the Sites, we and our third-party service providers, including any third party content providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Sites (" **Usage Information** "). Usage Information may include the browser and operating system you are using, the URL or advertisement that referred you to our Sites, the search terms you entered into a search engine that lead you to one of our Sites (if applicable), all of the areas within our Sites that you visit, and the time of day you visited the Sites, among other information. We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes, including enhancing or otherwise improving the Sites and our products and services. In addition, we automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“ **Device Identifier** ”) for any computer, mobile phone or other device you may use to access the Site. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your device used to access a Site, and our servers identify your device by its Device Identifier. Some mobile service providers may also provide us, or our third party service providers, with information regarding the physical location of the device used to access a Site. Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we treat it as Personal Information. Note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online services you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context.  Like many websites and online services, S&S currently does not alter its practices when it receives a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit [http://www.allaboutdnt.com](http://www.allaboutdnt.com/). 

The technologies that may be used to collect Usage Information include the following:

**_Cookies._** A cookie is a data file placed on your computer or other device when you visit the Sites or otherwise access our online content. Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences, tracking your visits to our web pages, and facilitating your check-out and purchases. A Flash cookie is a data file placed on your device via the Adobe Flash plugin, which may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your computer or other device. Flash cookies may be used for various purposes, such as enabling a Flash feature and remembering your preferences. If you choose to disable cookies or to adjust your Flash privacy settings on your device, some features of the Sites or our content may not function properly. For more information about Flash and the privacy choices Adobe offers, visit: [http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_ma)

**_Web Beacons._** We may use web beacons (small graphic images or other web programming code, also known as "1x1 GIFs" or "clear GIFs") and similar technologies on our Sites and within our communications to you. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Sites, to monitor how users navigate the Sites, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed and to improve your experience on the Sites, including to provide you with content customized to your interests. Our web beacons may collect some contact information (for example, the email address associated with an email message that contains a web beacon).

**_Embedded Scripts._** An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Sites, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Sites, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.

The Sites may provide you the opportunity to participate and post content publicly in forums, through interactive features and through other communication functionality (" **Community Forums** "). You may choose, through such features or otherwise, to submit or post photographs, videos, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, (collectively, " **User Content** ").

**_Note that anything you post to a Community Forum is public_ \-- others will have access to your User Content and may use it or share it with third parties. Information or other content you choose to post or make available in the Community Forums may be viewed, collected and used by others. If you choose to voluntarily disclose Personal Information, that information will be considered public information and the protections of this Privacy Policy will not apply. Think carefully before you post and use caution before disclosing any Personal Information.**

Also, functionality on the Sites may permit interactions between the Sites and a third party web site, such as enabling you “like” or review a product on our Sites or “share” content to other web sites. If you choose to “like,” review, or “share” content through the Sites or to otherwise post information from or via the Sites to a third party web site, feature or application, that information may be publicly displayed and the third party web site may have access to information about you and your use of our Web Site.

#### INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD PARTIES AND SOCIAL INTEGRATION

We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you are on another web site and you opt-in to receive information from S&S or one of our publishing divisions, that web site will forward your contact and other information to us so that we may contact you as requested. You may also choose to participate in a social media application with a third party service, through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including personal information. The social media application may be a feature on our Sites (such as reviewing a product, logging into our Sites with your credentials with a third party service, or otherwise linking the Sites with another web site or interactive service) or may be an S&S feature or S&S content available through a third party web site or service. When you choose to participate, you may be opting to link your activity on our Sites with that third party web site or service, which may then collect information about your visits to our Sites and may publish that activity as you request to your profile or similar feature with that third party (such as if you choose to share an article you read on one of our Sites with your connections on the third party web site). The information we collect is subject to this Privacy Policy. The information collected and stored by the third party remains subject to the third party’s privacy practices, including whether the third party continues to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on that third party web site and service. The third party may allow you to remove the application or feature, in which case we will no longer collect information about you through the application or feature, but we may retain the information previously collected. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third party web site or service give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections” web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party web site or interactive service.

We also may supplement the information we collect with outside records from third parties. If we combine the information we receive from third parties with information we collect through the Sites, we will apply this Privacy Policy to the combined information.

#### HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION

S&S may use information it collects, including Personal Information and Usage Information, to: (1) allow you to participate in features we offer or to provide related customer service; (2) tailor content, recommendations and offers we display to you, both on the Sites and elsewhere online; (3) process your registration or a purchase or other transaction, including verifying information you provide is active and valid; (4) send you information or special offers from us or on behalf of third-parties; (5) facilitate your online job search and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports; (6) improve the Sites, our products, and services, and for internal business purposes; (7) contact you with regard to your use of S&S products and services, the Sites, and, in our discretion, changes to the Sites’ policies; and (8) as disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent.

S&S may share non-Personal Information, such as aggregate user statistics and Usage Information, with third parties **.** S&S does not share your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent (which may consist of offering you the opportunity to either opt-in or opt-out of such sharing). We may share the information we have collected about you, including Personal Information, as disclosed at the time you provide us with information or with your consent, and as described in this Privacy Policy, including:

#### WHEN YOU CONSENT TO SHARING OR REQUEST THAT WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION

The Sites may contain registration forms or other features that provide you the ability to opt-in or opt-out of sharing information about you with one or more third parties (for example, in order for a third party to send you special offers or coupons). If you agree at that time to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information will be disclosed to that third party (or parties) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of that third party. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of third parties, and, if you later decide that you no longer want to receive communications from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly. You also may request, sometimes through your use of an interactive feature, a widget or third party application, that we share information about you or your use of the Sites with a third party, and we will typically do so under those circumstances.

#### THIRD PARTIES PROVIDING SERVICES ON OUR BEHALF

We may provide third parties with access to user information, including Personal Information, in order for them to perform certain services on behalf of the Sites or S&S, such as fulfilling and processing orders, tracking analytics, sending communications on our behalf or performing other administrative services. If you purchase any products or services, our billing partner will receive billing and financial information (e.g., credit card numbers) necessary to process your charges, including your postal and e-mail addresses, depending on your payment method.

#### ADMINISTRATIVE AND LEGAL REASONS

We may also transfer and disclose user information, including Personal Information, to third parties: (i) in the event we are required to respond to subpoenas or other legal process or if in our opinion such disclosure is required by law; (ii) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; or (iii) to protect and/or defend the Terms of Use or other policies applicable to the Sites or to protect the personal safety, rights, property or security of S&S or any individual. We may also use Device Identifiers, including IP addresses, to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion.

#### BUSINESS TRANSFERS

We may share Personal Information with our corporate parent, CBS Corporation, and with our subsidiaries and affiliated entities primarily for business and operational purposes. S&S also reserves the right to disclose and transfer all information related to the Site, including Personal Information: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Sites or one of our databases; or (ii) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of certain of our ownership interests, assets, or both, or other company change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.

#### EMPLOYMENT: EEOC

If you apply for a job with Simon & Schuster, the information you submit may also be shared with our parent and affiliated companies who may have similar positions available. In connection with your online application, we may ask you to provide us with self-identifying information (such as veteran status, gender and ethnicity) in connection with laws and regulations enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ("EEOC"), the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs ("OFCCP") and similar state and local regulatory agencies. Providing such self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide us with such information, we may submit that information to the EEOC, the OFCCP and similar state and local regulatory agencies for business-related purposes, including, but not limited to responding to information requests, fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements and defending against employment related complaints

#### SWEEPSTAKES, CONTESTS AND PROMOTIONS

We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions that may require registration. By participating in a promotion, you are agreeing to the terms, conditions or official rules that govern that promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the promotion to use your name, voice, likeness or other indicia of persona in advertising or marketing. If you choose to enter a promotion, Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the promotion's official rules, such as on a winners list.

#### THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS PROVIDERS,AD SERVERS AND SIMILAR THIRD PARTIES

The Sites may contain content served by third parties, including videos and advertisements, and we work with third party service providers to serve S&S advertisements elsewhere online. In connection with serving content and providing analytics and advertising services, third parties may collect certain information about your visits to this or other web sites, and we may receive information regarding the use of the Sites and the effectiveness of our advertisements. These third parties may set and access their own tracking technologies on your device (including cookies and web beacons) and may otherwise collect or have access to information about your visits to and activity on the Service as well as other web sites or online services. Some of these parties may collect personal information from you over time when you visit the Service or other websites and services. Cookies and web beacons, including those set by third party network advertisers, may be used to, among other things, target advertisements, prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you. We may share Usage Information about visitors with third party advertising companies, analytics providers and other third parties for similar purposes. While we may use a variety of service providers to perform advertising and analytics services, some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI”) or the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. You may want to visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and the “opt-out” procedures of NAI members. You may also want to visit or <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/>, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and offers an “opt-out” by participating companies in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program. Please note opting out through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads while online.

#### YOUR CHOICES AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION AND PREFERENCES

You may be able to change your preferences with regard to the communications you receive from us for one or more of our Sites by logging into the “Account” or similar page for a Site. Changing your preferences for one of our divisions or Sites may not change your preferences for all S&S divisions and Sites. You may opt out of receiving marketing e-mails from an S&S division or one of our Sites by following the opt-out instructions provided to you in those e-mails. Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of the Sites (for example, order confirmations) and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you opt-out from marketing communications. If you sign up to receive SMS or MMS messages that may be offered by a division or Site, you may unsubscribe by replying "STOP.”

You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information. You may update the information you have provided to us by logging into the “Account” setting or similar page for a Site. S&S will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. Note, however, that information may persist internally for administrative purposes and that residual data may remain on backup media or for other reasons.

#### SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

S&S takes commercially reasonable steps to help protect and secure Personal Information. **** However, please remember that no data storage or data transmission over the Internet, or by other means, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Thus, while we strive to protect your personal data, S&S cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Therefore, you understand, acknowledge, and agree that you transmit certain Personal Information to the Sites at your own risk.

#### THIRD PARTY CONTENT, LINKS TO OTHER SITES, AND S&S CONTENT FOUND OUTSIDE OF THE SITES

Third parties may host or serve certain content on the Sites (including content that allows you to make a purchase via a third party). The Sites may also contain links to third party web sites or features that S&S does not control. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding agreement, including third parties who may be selling S&S products. Third parties whose content appears on the Sites may collect information about you through the use of their own cookies and web beacons, may independently collect or solicit Personal Information, and may have the ability to track your use of their sites and services. Likewise, S&S widgets or other S&S content may be included on third parties’ web pages and web sites that are not associated with S&S and over which we have no control. S&S may collect Usage Information through S&S content appearing on third-party sites.

S&S is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party, and our hosting of third party content, linking to third party websites, or the appearance of S&S content on third party websites does not constitute sponsorship or endorsement of the content or business practices of those third parties.

#### CONSENT TO TRANSFER OF DATA

S&S is a United States company. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Sites, or providing us with any information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.

#### CHANGES TO OUR POLICY

S&S may update this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be effective upon posting. In the event that there are material changes to the way we treat your Personal Information, we will provide notice through the Sites. We may also notify you by email, in our discretion. We will use your Personal Information in a manner consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time you submitted the information, unless you consent to the new or revised policy.

#### CONTACT INFORMATION

If you have questions or comments about our privacy policy or our practices, you may contact us via the online form on one of our Sites or by e-mail at [privacyadministrator@simonandschuster.com](mailto:privacyadministrator@simonandschuster.com).

Please note that information submitted to the Sites via a "contact us" or other similar function may not receive a response. We will not use the information provided via these functions to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your request unless you agree otherwise.
