> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the audemarspiguet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141113105752id_/http%3A//www.audemarspiguet.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Audemars Piguet Luxury Watches

The privacy of your personal information is important to Audemars Piguet Group (“we”, “us” or “our”). The purpose of this policy is to inform you about the collection, use, disclosure, transfer and storage of your personal information that you may provide us when accessing our services (including marketing and after-sales services (the “Services”) or using this website (including in connection with any smartphone application or other electronic means) (the “Site”).

Please take the time to read this page and contact us at [ privacy@audemarspiguet.com](mailto:privacy@audemarspiguet.com) should you have any questions or concerns.

### SCOPE

This policy applies to all Audemars Piguet entities (any entity which are controlled by our ultimate holding company Audemars Piguet Holding SA and any of such entity’s subsidiaries) (individually “Audemars Piguet Entity” and altogether “Audemars Piguet Group”).

### PERSONAL INFORMATION

We may collect personal information about you - including, but not limited to, your name, email address, mailing address, phone number and profile information (e.g. age, gender, language preference, other preferences) - in a variety of ways including, but not limited to, via participation in an event, phone, letter, card, email or when you

  1. **Access our Services** : such as, purchase an Audemars Piguet product, request after-sales services, or sign-up or use a Service we offer, and 
  2. **Visit our Site** : such as, register on Site, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, or in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. You may be asked for identification data but you may visit our Site anonymously. 

Traffic data

Whenever you interact with our Site, we may collect traffic data via cookies or other technologies such as technologies dialoguing between the website’s server and your browser. Such traffic data may include the browser name, the type of device and technical information about your means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. We may also collect information regarding your traffic patterns and Site usage. This information does not however contain anything that can personally identify you. It is used to make statistics, to analyse and improve this Site and to provide customers with a customized Internet experience, such as a website in the customer’s language at the next visit.

Cookies

Cookies are small files containing a string of characters (text) that are sent to your browser from a website’s server. The cookie may contain a unique identifier but it does not contain information which directly identifies you personally, such as your name or email address. We may use "cookies" when you visit our Site to enhance your experience. Your web browser stores cookies on your device hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information (such as Google analytics). You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.

We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc to gather anonymous statistical and analytical information about how users use our Site to measure audience. For example, Google gather and aggregate data on page views and clicks on our Site. These analytics are not used to track your journey to other websites or to identify you. The information generated by the Google Analytics cookies about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. You may opt-out of Google Analytics cookies, please visit: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout> or block these cookies along with other cookies by adjusting the settings of your web browser.

Link to other websites

This Site may, from time to time, contain or use links to and from websites owned by third parties (such as advertisers or partner or social-media network). These third party websites have their own privacy policies (including cookies) which we advise you to review. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.

Children's online privacy

Our Site is not intended for or designed to attract users under the age of 13.




### HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION

We may collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:

  * To improve customer service and for relationship management, including management of VIP and fidelity programs. Information collected helps us respond to your requests and support your needs more efficiently.
  * To personalize user experience on our Site. We may also use information in aggregate form to understand how users as a group use the services and/or resources provided on our Site.
  * To manage and improve our Site and our Services. We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
  * To send information you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.
  * To send periodic emails that may include company news, product or after-sales services update or information or satisfaction surveys.
  * To respond to your inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
  * To handle orders, accounts, sales, delivery, warranty, aftersales, billing, accounting and financing.
  * To manage legal or financial transaction, issues, claims.
  * To issue reports and statistics, including measuring Site traffic.
  * To manage the recruitment process.
  * For the recovery of lost and stolen items.
  * To comply with laws and regulations.



### HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information.

However, transmission of personal information to this Site via Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to this Site. If you want to avoid the security risk which is inherent to transmissions on the Internet, you should send us your information by another mean.

### SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

Except as provided below, we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise transfer your personal identification information to others without your explicit consent.

We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, to protect any Audemars Piguet Entity interests, fight against fraud and to enforce our policies or to protect anyone's rights, property, or safety.

Your personal information may be collected, stored and processed by any Audemars Piguet Entity located in the following countries/region: Switzerland, United States of America, EEA (European Economic Area which includes the European Union 28 Member States as well as Norway, Liechtenstein and Iceland.), China, Taiwan, Japan, Hong-Kong, Singapore, Lebanon and Russia. Audemars Piguet Entities may share your personal information with each other. To ensure a sufficient level of protection, when required, such transfers are governed by standard contractual clauses of the European Commission as adopted in 2004. Furthermore, we make sure that our privacy and security policy is communicated to any Audemars Piguet Entity which may have to collect, store and process personal information so as to enforce privacy safeguards within the Audemars Piguet Group.

In addition, we may share your personal information with third parties, both in Switzerland and elsewhere within or outside of the EEA, for the limited purposes set forth below. We will always require these third parties to take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data and traffic data and to observe the relevant legislation:

  * We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors with our business partners and advertisers for the purposes outlined above in this policy.
  * We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters, managing our call centre or Google Analytics as described in the Cookies section above.
  * We may disclose to another business entity should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity; or to any organisation involved in a merger, transfer, or sale of our asset or business.



### CONTROL AND RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purpose outlined in this policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.

You may opt out of our mail list or unsubscribe from receiving future newsletters, by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or you may contact us via our Site.

Furthermore, depending on the laws of country where you have initiated the relationship with us, you may benefit from rights to request access to the personal information which Audemars Piguet processes about you, to have it rectified or to object to its processing. Such rights should be either exercised with the Audemars Piguet Entity you interacted with or for personal information collected via this Site, which is run by Audemars Piguet in Switzerland, you should exercise such rights by making a request in writing to the address or email set forth in “Contacting us”. We will endeavour to supply, correct or delete the requested personal information as required.

### CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may update this policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the home page of our Site. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

### CONTACTING US

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at [privacy@audemarspiguet.com](mailto:privacy@audemarspiguet.com) or Audemars Piguet (Marketing) SA, Attn: Master Data Manager, Route de France 16, 1348 Le Brassus, Switzerland.

This document was last updated on March 14, 2014
