> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the audiomicro.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209063730id_/http%3A//audiomicro.com/legal-doc/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

  * **Our Commitment to Privacy:** This notice describes our Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy is designed to advise you about how we collect, use and protect the personal information you provide. By visiting AudioMicro.com, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If our Privacy Policy or Terms of Service change, we will promptly post those changes to our website. Any such changes will be effective immediately upon being posted, unless otherwise stated in the change.

  * **Account Activity:** Certain activities on AudioMicro - like uploading Sound Recordings, posting comments, flagging Sound Recordings, or listening to or previewing Sound Recordings - require you to have an AudioMicro Account. We ask for some personal information when you create an AudioMicro Account, including your email address and a password, which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access.

  * **Automatic Information:** When you visit a website, you disclose certain information, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the time of your visit. This website like many other websites records this basic information about visits to our site. 

  * **Service Usage Information:** We may record information about your usage, such as when you use AudioMicro.com, the channels, groups, and favorites you subscribe to, the contacts you communicate with, the recording to which you listen, and the frequency and size of data transfers, as well as information you display or click on when using AudioMicro.com (including User Interface elements, settings, and other information). If you are logged in, we may associate that information with your account. We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. "Web Beacons") in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. 

  * **Children:** This website does not provide services or sell products to children under the age of thirteen (13). If you are under the age of eighteen (18), you may use this website only with the involvement and general permission of a parent or guardian or as specifically authorized in our Minor Authorization and Consent Form on this website. The parent of guardian of any person under the age of 18 will be liable for that person’s use or misuse of AudioMicro.com or the Service. 

  * **Content Uploaded to Site:** Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose online (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, in tags that you create, within your playback or profile pages, or in your Sound Recordings themselves, etc.) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. 

  * **Uses:** If you visit this site, we may collect your IP address and other personally identifiable information. By visiting AudioMicro.com, you hereby opt-in to receiving communications from AudioMicro, including emails. If you do not want to receive these communications, do not visit the site. If you submit personally identifiable information to us through www.AudioMicro.com, we use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the general and personalized features and functionality of www.AudioMicro.com, and to process any flagging activity or correspondence you send to us. 

Your account name (not your email address) is displayed to other Users when you upload Sound Recordings or send messages through www.AudioMicro.com and other Users can contact you through messages and comments. Your account name (not your email address) and your account logo may be displayed on AudioMicro.com for promotional and other business purposes and may be displayed to any person, including other Users, when they visit our site. Any Sound Recordings that you submit to www.AudioMicro.com may be licensed by AudioMicro through the internet and other media channels, and may be heard by the general public. 

Our site's registration form requests that you give us your email address. We reserve the right to contact you with a registration confirmation and promotional email. You may always opt out of receiving future mailings. We do not use your email address or other information that you submit in maintaining your account to send commercial or marketing messages to you without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. We may, however, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major AudioMicro site changes or for customer service purposes). 

We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous user usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, clickstream data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the AudioMicro site and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, analyzing, and processing user preferences and trends, as well as user activity and communications. 

Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred to your computer from a web server. Most browsers are set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to have your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or to refuse to accept cookies. We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) store information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit www.AudioMicro.com; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests. 

If you download software in connection with uploading Sound Recordings to AudioMicro or in connection with downloading Sound Recordings from AudioMicro, your copy of such software may include a unique application number. The unique application number and information about your installation of the software (e.g. version number, language) may be sent to AudioMicro if the software automatically checks for updates. 

  * **Password:** Certain access to AudioMicro.com is password protected. We advise that you do not disclose your password to anyone. In addition, we recommend you sign out of password-protected services at the end of your session. You, and not AudioMicro, are responsible for ensuring that your password is secure. 

  * **Publicly Available Information:** When you create an Account on the site, some information about your account and your account activity will be provided to other users of the site. This may include the date you opened your account, the date you last logged into your account, your age (if you choose to make it public), the country and the number of recordings to which you have listened or the number of recordings you have downloaded and any other information that AudioMicro or you choose to make public in connection with the promotion of your Account or your Sound Recordings, as applicable.

Your account name (not your email address) is displayed to other users when you engage in certain activity on the site, such as you upload recordings, making content available for download or send messages through ww.AudioMicro.com. Other Users may contact you through messages and comments. 

You may also choose to add personal information that will visible to other Users on your account page (which is the public facing page for your account on the site). This may include a profile picture, personal logo, your name, nickname, gender, relationship status, or other details. 

If you choose to add certain features to your account page, then these features and your activity associated with these features will be displayed to other Users and may be aggregated and shared with your confirmed friends or other Users. Such shared activity may include what recordings you favorite, what recordings you rated and what recordings you have uploaded. 

You can request access to all your personally identifiable information by sending an email to support(at)audiomicro.com. 

Any sound recordings that you submit to www.AudioMicro.com may be licensed through the internet and other media channels, as well as contracts with third parties, and may be listened to by the general public. 

  * **Your Choices:** You may, of course, decline to submit most personally identifiable information through www.AudioMicro.com, in which case you can still listen to sample recordings and explore www.AudioMicro.com, but AudioMicro may not be able to provide certain services to you. Some advanced AudioMicro features may, for authentication purposes, require you to sign up for other services such as PayPal, WorldPay, and Google Checkout. The privacy notices of those services govern the use of your personal information associated with them.

You may update or correct your personal profile information and email preferences at any time by visiting your account profile page. 

  * **Third-party Advertisers, Links to Other Sites:** AudioMicro allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within www.AudioMicro.com. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on www.AudioMicro.com. The third-party ad servers or ad networks automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They third-party ad servers or ad networks may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see or hear. 

AudioMicro does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. However, please note that if an advertiser asks AudioMicro to show an advertisement to a certain audience (for example, men ages 18-34) or audience segment (for example, men ages 18-24 who have listened to certain content) and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. The advertiser may also use information regarding your use of www.AudioMicro.com, such as the number of times you viewed an ad (but not any personally identifiable information), to determine which ads to deliver to you. 

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. AudioMicro's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. Any data obtained by third-party ad servers subsequently shared with AudioMicro is maintained and dealt with by AudioMicro in accordance with this privacy policy. 

  * **California Privacy Rights:** Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal information that we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: 13351-D Riverside Dr #219 Sherman Oaks, CA 91423.



