> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the audible.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2007-10-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071028113836id_/http%3A//www.audible.co.uk/aduk/store/privacy.jsp%3FType%3Dpolicy%26BV_UseBVCookie%3DYes) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Audible.co.uk Audiobooks – Download Digital Audio Books

---  
AUDIBLE.CO.UK PRIVACY POLICY  
Effective Date: June, 2005; Last Updated: (3 March 2006)  
[](http://www.truste.org/ivalidate.php?url=www.audible.co.uk&sealid=102)  
Audible.co.uk (www.audible.co.uk) is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to build user's trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. This privacy statement covers the site www.audible.co.uk. Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe.  
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Paul Cook at 0870 890 3773. If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily address, you should contact TRUSTe at <http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php>. TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns.  
Your privacy is very important to us. This notice describes Audible.co.uk's privacy policy. By registering and/or purchasing from Audible.co.uk, you are accepting and consenting to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this policy.  
Controller of Personal Information and Transfers of Information  
Personal information gathered by Audible.co.uk is controlled by Audible, Inc., located at 1 Washington Park., Newark, NJ, 07102 USA, and Audible Ltd. located at 500 Chiswick High Road, London, W4 5RG, UK.   
Audible, Inc. is a signatory of the Safe Harbor Agreement and all Audible.com Group Companies adhere to the Safe Harbor Principles regarding the transfer of personal data between the European Union and the US. For more information about the Safe Harbor Agreement, click [here](http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/).  
Information Collection and Use  
Audible, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this Web site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this policy. Audible collects the following types of information:  
_Contact Details_  
When you register with Audible.co.uk or purchase a product from us, we collect your name, email address, username, password, and telephone number. We also collect information about your specific areas of interest. This information is used to contact you about the services and products that we offer through our site, including products provided by our partners, and it will increase the level of service that we are able to offer you. We only collect your telephone number so that we can get in touch with you in case of any difficulties processing your order.  
If you choose to Tell-a-Friend about Audible.co.uk, we will ask you to provide us with your friend's name and email address. Audible will automatically send your friend a one-time message by email, for the purpose of inviting them to sign up, visit the site or try our products and services. This is the sole purpose for which your friend's contact details will be used without their consent. We will inform your friend that we obtained his/her contact details from you. Please note that by providing us with your friend's name and email address you confirm that your friend has consented to receive this message.  
_Account Information_  
We request financial information from you on our order form. The form requires you to provide contact information (i.e. name, address, email address) and financial information (i.e. credit card details). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we may call you or send you an email.  
_Cookies_  
A cookie is a piece of data stored on your computer's hard drive that contains some minimal information about you. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to personally identifiable information while you are visiting our web site and it actually facilitates your ability to use our site. For instance, by setting a cookie on our web site, you would not have to log on and enter your password every time you visit. The cookie remembers this information for you.  
If you want to disable the cookie, log out or select "delete cookies" under Internet Options on your tool bar. If you do this, however, you may be limited in some areas of our site and in the services that we can provide you, for instance alerting you to new products that may be of interest to you.  
_Log Files_  
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track your online movements through the pages of the site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  
_Sharing_  
We work together with other businesses to provide some of our services to you. Sometimes fulfilling our obligations to you requires that we share your information with these businesses. For example, we share information with credit card processors and companies that will ship products to you. We also use other companies to provide services to us, including storing our customer data, sending emails and providing marketing assistance. These companies need access to our customer information but they are not entitled to use it for any other purpose. Furthermore, we have contracts in place with these companies that require them to process our customer data in accordance with either UK data protection laws or the Safe Harbor Principles. By purchasing our products and services you consent to us sharing your information with such third parties. Finally, since our business requires us to pay royalties based on the sale of each of our audio programmes, we must report aggregate anonymous sales figures to the publishers with whom we work. However we do not share any information about individual customers with publishers.  
_Website Activity_  
Audible uses a third party tracking utility to track end-user activity through our site through the use of cookies. Activity is tracked in an effort to make our site easy to navigate through and to find out which areas of our site draw the most attention. The information tracked are such things as Most Requested Page, Least Requested Page, Top Entry Page, and so forth. The information gathered is anonymised.  
_Site and Service Updates_  
We may send you site and service announcement updates. We communicate with the user regarding updates to our site and service and issues relating to their account via email or phone.  
_Software Downloads_  
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Web site, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from this site.  
Correcting/Updating/Accessing Personal Information  
If your personal information changes (such as post code, email address, etc.), or if we have inaccurate information, we will endeavour to correct, update or remove your personal information from our database. To notify us of a change or inaccuracy, you can email us at [update_uk@audible.co.uk](mailto:update_uk@audible.co.uk).  
If you would like to access the personal information that Audible.co.uk holds about you, please write to us at [privacy_uk@audible.co.uk](mailto:privacy_uk@audible.co.uk). It may be necessary to charge you a small processing fee.  
You will receive a response to your request within twenty (20) business days.  
Opt-in and Opt-out  
Registration - IMPORTANT  
By registering with us, you agree to receive promotional material via email from Audible.co.uk. Registered users will receive email only about Audible’s website, products and services. If you do not agree to receive promotional material from Audible, please do not register with us. If, however, you agree to receiving this promotional material, you can opt-out of these communications at a later stage by replying to any email and adding ‘unsubscribe’ to the subject line, or sending an email from the registered mailbox to [remove_uk@audible.co.uk](mailto:remove_uk@audible.co.uk).  
Marketing from Third Parties  
Audible will never share your information with any other (except as set out in "Sharing" section), nor contact you about their products or services without your express consent. This will be requested either by a specific email form, or via the Email Preferences in the My Account section of the website.  
Opting Out of Audible Email Communications  
If, at any point, you no longer wish to receive email promotional materials from us, you may opt-out of receiving these communications either by replying to the email with "unsubscribe" in the subject line or by emailing us at [remove_uk@audible.co.uk](mailto:remove_uk@audible.co.uk).  
Links to Third Party Sites  
Audible is not responsible for the content of any web sites that are linked to its site. We will notify you when you are visiting an external site. When entering a third party site, it is your responsibility to ensure that you read the Privacy Policy and Legal Terms & Conditions that apply to that site.  
Notification of Changes  
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use your personal data in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy under which the information was collected.  
Legal Obligations  
Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement, a current judicial proceeding, a court order, or legal process served on our website.  
Security  
We take every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit personal information via the web site, the information is protected both online and off-line.  
When our registration/order form asks users to enter personal information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just "surfing". To learn more about SSL, follow this link- Security.  
While we use SSL encryption to protect personal information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the personal information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, a billing clerk or customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to user information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.
