> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the audi-mediacenter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150617171936id_/https%3A//www.audi-mediacenter.com/en/privacy-3699) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy • Audi MediaCenter

AUDI AG would like to welcome you to Audi MediaCenter.   
Enabling you to utilize this platform as fully and efficiently as possible is very important to us. Even more important to us is the protection of your data.   
Please take some time to read the following information:

1. When you access the websites of AUDI AG, general information is registered automatically. This information is, for example, the type of web browser or operating system you are using, or the domain name of your Internet provider. The generated information is exclusively of a nature that does not allow you to be identified. This data is recorded whenever you visit any website on the Internet. Consequently, this is not a specialized function of the AUDI AG websites. Information of this kind is registered anonymously and evaluated statistically by us. The better we understand your wishes, the faster you will find the specific information that is relevant to you on the Audi MediaCenter.

2. The Audi MediaCenter offers publicly accessible as well as personalized content, which is accessible only after a personal registration. Further it also offers a personally configurable email newsletter. The publicly accessible areas are open to all users indiscriminately, without the registration of personal information. For personalized access, or subscription to the newsletter registration is necessary. In this case, we store your data for technical administration purposes as well as for customer management, yet only to the extent necessary for each of these functions, and only for the specific purpose defined on the respective site. The data is managed with the obligatory care and in accordance with all statutory security measures in order to protect it from unauthorized access or misuse.

3. In order to ensure that the content from the Audi MediaCenter remains up to date, user-oriented and comprehensive, this website employs Google Analytics, a web-analysis tool from Google Inc. ("Google") that enables us to optimize our Services for you. Google Analytics uses cookies that track your preferences during your visit to our websites. This allows us to simplify navigation, for example, thereby helping us to make the site more user-friendly. The information that is generated in this process (including the IP address) is anonymized, making personal identification impossible. An evaluation for reporting purposes is carried out only after the anonymization process. The data, generated by this Cookie are usually transferred and stored on a server in the USA. As a user of our websites, you always have the option of disabling cookies in your browser settings. Most browsers allow cookies as a default setting. Should you change this setting, this may disrupt certain functions of our websites. Furthermore, you can prevent Google's acquisition and processing of the information that is generated by the cookie and concerns your activity on the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing a browser plug-in. In this process, your IP-Adress is in a first step reduced to Countries in the European Union or other Countries in the European Economic Community. The actual link to the tool is: [**_http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de_**](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de)

You can prevent Google Analytics from logging your access by clicking on the following link. An Opt-out-cookie will be set that prevents any future collection of your data when you enter this website:   
 ** __** ** _deactivate Google Analytics_**

Further information on the terms of use and the privacy options of Google are available on:  
 ** __**[ ** _http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html_**](http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html)

4. These principles above apply to the Audi MediaCenter Websites. The Audi MediaCenter may, however, contain links to external sites to which this privacy policy does not apply.

5. On request, and in accordance with the law, we will be happy to advise you whether or not information about you is stored at AUDI AG and, if so, which information. You also obtain access to this data at any time via our user administration service, where you can view and edit data, and also delete it. Should incorrect information be stored in spite of our efforts to ensure accuracy, we will be happy to correct or delete it upon request. For  further information on the data or to request correction, blocking or deletion of the data that is saved in relation to you, please contact AUDI AG, Kundenbetreuung, 85045 Ingolstadt, Germany.
