> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the audioham.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161124195655id_/http%3A//audioham.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms of Use - Audioham.com

Effective as of July 15, 2016

This Privacy Policy covers the Audioham.com website (the "Website"). We respect your privacy and want to explain what type of information we collect and how we manage it. If you use the Website, you consent to the Privacy Policy.

**1\. Collected Information**

The website do not collect ANY personal information that helps to identify you as an individual such as: name, sex, age, address, email address, contact phone number, logins, and passwords.

Audioham.com receives and stores information that you enter on the website. This includes requested resources, and video data like the requested filename. This information is stored to improve our processes and track and analyze user activity and is associated with anonymized IP addresses. All information you enter is voluntary. None of the personal information is shared with third parties.

**2\. Cookies & Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics, an online analytic service of Google Inc. Google Analytics uses "cookies" – text-files stored on your computer which make an analysis of your use of our website possible. The information about your use of our website generated by the cookie will be transmitted to and stored on a Google-server in the USA. Google will use this information in order to evaluate your use of the website, to create reports about website-activity for the website-operator, and to provide additional services related to the use of the website and of the internet.

You can prevent the installation of cookies by the respective settings in your browser-software. However, we have to point out that you might then not be able to use all functions of our website to their full ability. By using this website, you agree to the data collected about you being processed by Google in the way and for the purposes described above.

**3\. Security**

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

**4\. Advertising**

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.

**5\. Links to other websites**

Audioham.com may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

**6\. Underage**

The Website is not made to attract anyone under 13. Visitors younger than 13 years old shall not use the Website.

**7\. Changes**

The Privacy Policy may change. The changes will be posted on the Website.

**8\. Contact**

If you have any comments or about the Privacy Policy, please contact us at timbergman60@outlook.com.
