> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tipranks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161105005226id_/https%3A//www.tipranks.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | TipRanks

This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") governs your ("You" or "Your") use of any service, content, feature, product or application  made available, from time to time, by Tipranks Ltd. ("TipRanks”, "We", "Our" or "Us"), including, without limitation, a certain ranking platform which we developed for the purpose of rankings of analysts and/or financial bloggers with respect to their recommendations of certain securities ("Software") and the website of TipRanks Ltd. located at www.tipranks.com ("Website") (the Software and the Website shall be collectively referred to as "Services"). The Software is a downloadable Add-on/Extension that works with your internet browser to provide you with the Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference to the End User License Agreement of TipRanks which can be found therein.

This Privacy Policy explains the practices that apply to the information that You provide or that may be generated by Your use of the Services and/or Our Website. 

The Services are available only to individuals who are at least 18 years old or to companies that are legally entitled to engage with Us. You represent and warrant that if You are an individual, You are at least 18 years old. We may, in Our sole discretion, refuse to offer any of the Services to any person or entity and change our eligibility criteria at any time. This provision is void where prohibited by law and the right to access the Services is revoked in such jurisdictions.

Submission and Collection of Information

You may use the Website and the Service by accessing the Website www.tipranks.com and by following the instructions detailed in the activation email that will be sent to the email account You will provide us ("Personally Identifiable Information"). You may choose not to provide us with Your correct and true email address, but in such case, You will not be able to continue using or accessing the Service within a certain period of time determined by us in our sole discretion. 

You may also use the Software by downloading and installing the Software on Your web-browser through www.tipranks.com and activate the Service by following the instructions detailed in the shown page.                                                                                                                                        

Personally Identifiable Information may be collected by Us through the use of the Services and/or Your interactions with the Services and/or Our Website. You can correct, modify or delete such Personally Identifiable Information prior to any submission of such information by You. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information which does not contain identification of a specific user.

In addition, non-Personally Identifiable Information can be information which is provided by You through Your interactions with the Services and/or Our Website and/or correspondences with Us. 

Standard internet communications sent by Your computer, device and/or application automatically may be considered as non-Personally Identifiable Information as well. This information may include: the type of browser, the type of operating system; Internet Protocol addresses (including any host name or geographic information associated with these addresses); number of users; and information related to Your application and the use thereof by users; specific URL's browsed, etc.

You understand that if You will choose not to allow Us to obtain or not to provide the information required during Your interactions with the Services and/or Our Website, or enable certain features (e.g. cookies), the use of the Services shall be limited. You understand that in order to enable Us to provide You with the Services and/or Our Website, We may use cookies, web beacons (only following Your approval), and log file information to: (a) store certain information in order to make Your use of the Services and/or Our  Website more efficient and enjoyable; (b) provide You with content and information customized and personalized specifically for You; (c) monitor the  performance  of the Services and/or Our Website as well as other statistical information; and (d) track Your interactions with the Services and/or Our Website.

Use of Cookies and Web Beacons

A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We may use cookies provided by various technologies such as standard cookies, HTML5 cookies and other cookie like technologies to provide the same effect. We may use cookies to recognize users and their individual actions such as viewing and interacting with advertisements or with other parts of the Services and/or Our Website.

Many browsers enable users to deactivate the option to receive new cookies or to customize users' acceptance of new cookies. You understand that if You will choose to do so, certain portion or the entire Services and/or Our Website may not work. 

Our servers automatically record information ("Log Data") created by Your use of the Services. Log Data may include information such as Your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, search terms, and cookie information. We receive Log Data when You interact with the Services, for example, when sign into the Services. We use Log Data to provide our Services and to measure, customize, and improve them, as further detailed below.

Our advertising partners may display ads through the Services, which may involve the delivery of cookies. Such cookies allow the ad server to recognize Your IP address, and to compile certain information about You, such as Your browser type, operating system installed, language and other non-identifiable information. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements. We do not link the information We store in cookies to any Personally Identifiable Information You submit while using the Services and/or Our Website.

The use of cookies by Our partners is not covered by this Privacy Policy. We have no access to or control over partner cookies but require that each partner only collect only non-Personally Identifiable Information for the use of serving targeted ads. 

Web beacons are programming code used to display an image on a web page that can also transmit certain individual user's information to enable Our systems to recognize actions such as viewing and interacting with advertisements or with other parts of the Services and/or Our Website. We use web beacons to track certain clients' applications that You visit or advertisements You view or with which Your users engage. This allows Us to provide relevant advertisements to You and ensures that Your interactions with the Services and/or Our Website are correctly recorded.

Communication with Us

We may deliver You news and updates about the Services and/or Our Website or other promotional offers through Your email address, as provided by You to Us. If You wish to unsubscribe from such mailing list, please contact Us at support@tipranks.com or follow the instructions contained in Our emails to You.

You are not allowed to provide Us and We do not want to accept any confidential, secret or proprietary information and material from You through the Services and/or Our Website and/or in any other way. 

How Do We Use Your Data? 

Your Personally Identifiable Information and non-Personally Identifiable Information may be used by Us for any lawful purpose, including for enabling Us to operate, improve and utilize the Services and/or Our Website and to benefit from the Services, for marketing purposes, for research about the use of the Services and/or Our Website and for targeting advertisements to You based on Your non Personally Identifiable Information.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Your Personally Identifiable Information will not be shared with third parties except as set forth below or as otherwise consented by You. 

We may share Your non-Personally Identifiable Information collected through the Services and/or Our Website with other parties only to: (i) present You with advertised services, applications or websites, (ii) share it with affiliates of Ours, (iii) share it with Our  service  providers to assist Us with the operation of the Services and/or Our Website, (iv) sell or transfer aggregated information, where no person can be identified, such as summary or aggregated anonymous information about all users or sub-groups of users, (v) sell it to other entities in connection with a merger, sale or dissolution.In such event You acknowledged that such transfers may occur and that any acquirer of Us may continue using Your non-Personally Identifiable Information, (vi) comply with any law or order when We believe that such release is necessary, or otherwise enforce or apply the End User License Agreement and/or other agreement or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Us, Our employees or affiliates, or (vii) to any other purpose as consented by You.

User Comments 

You are encouraged to let Us know of any comments or suggestions You might have with respect to this Privacy Policy, at:  support@tipranks.com

Changes to this Privacy Policy 

We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the Services and other practices. 

You should review, from time to time, this Privacy Policy and other legal documents related hereto, such as the aforementioned End User License Agreement. At all times, the latest version of this Privacy Policy will be published on Our Website and shall be binding and supersede any previous versions. Your continued use of the Services and/or Our Website constitutes Your acceptance of any such changes.
