> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the coxbusiness.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030628111108id_/http%3A//www.cox.com/INETIncludes/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy

**Website Privacy Policy**

**Cox Communications, Inc**

This statement discloses the privacy practices for the Cox Communications, Inc. website - www.cox.com -- as well as for all related regional or local websites operated by individual Cox cable systems (the "Cox websites"). The purpose of this privacy policy is to notify visitors to the Cox websites (a) what personally identifiable information is collected; (b) the identity of the organization collecting the information; (c) how the information is used; (d) with whom the information may be shared; (e) what choices are available to visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information; (f) the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Cox's control; and (g) how visitors can correct any inaccuracies in the information.

Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Cox at 

_[Cox-Privacy@Cox.com](mailto:Cox-Privacy@Cox.com)_. Cox will make every effort to respond to questions within five business days of their receipt.

Children must get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. Cox will not knowingly allow anyone under 13 to register with any of its sites, to order Cox services or products online, or to access those features that require registration.

The information gathered by Cox falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by visitors to our websites through optional registration or utilization of the online account information or transactional portions of the websites; or (2) tracking information gathered as visitors navigate through our sites.

To make use of certain features on our websites (such as the online account information or the online ordering features), customers need to register and receive their Cox Personal Password. Certain information will be requested as part of the registration process. In order for Cox to provide secure access to customer accounts or to permit customers to access and modify their account information and service features, Cox will need to ask for certain personal information such as your name, address, Cox cable account number and email address. The provision of this information and the corresponding assignment by Cox of a personal password for each site registrant, will enable Cox to allow customers to take advantage of the online account information and e-commerce features of the Cox website. In addition, the information you supply will help Cox to offer you more personalized features, to tailor its websites to your interests and make them more useful to you.

The more you tell us about yourself, the more value we can offer you. Supplying such information is entirely voluntary. But it is necessary if you want to take advantage of some of the more advanced subscriber services offered by the Cox websites. For example, if you are moving or are new to the area, we can provide you with useful information about the Cox services available in your neighborhood - but only if we know your address. In addition, if you want to enjoy the advantages of using the website to order new Cox services or upgrade existing services, you need to provide Cox with sufficient information to identify the correct account, authenticate you as the account holder and provide secure access to your account information.

To help make the Cox websites more responsive to the needs of Cox customers and other visitors, Cox employs a standard feature of browser software, called a "cookie," to assign each visitor a unique, random number -- a type of user ID -- that resides on each visitor's computer. The cookie doesn't provide the identity of the visitor, just the computer that a visitor uses to access the Cox sites. The cookie permits Cox to recognize a visitor and his or her access privileges on the Cox sites, as well as to track site usage. By using cookies, Cox can tailor its websites to the needs of its visitors and to deliver the personalized services that enable customers to access online account information and order pay-per-view movies online. In addition, Cox uses the site usage information it collects to help tailor the site to the needs of its visitors. You can set your browser not to accept cookies, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other visitors to our sites.

Cox's web servers automatically log your IP address - which establishes your computer's location on the Internet - for purposes of systems administration and troubleshooting. We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request and to measure traffic within our sites. In addition, we may use IP address information to tailor specific offers or information to certain general classes of IP addresses. Cox does not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information.

Cox may perform statistical analyses of visitor behavior in order to measure general customer interest in various areas of the site and to measure the success of certain features of the site. In performing these statistical analyses, Cox may provide data to third parties in aggregate form only. Personal information about individual visitors will not be provided to third parties, except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary in order to permit Cox to fulfill a transaction initiated by the customer or otherwise to conduct legitimate business activities related to the cable service or other services provided by Cox to its customers. Cox will provide to a subscriber a summary of his or her personal information provided at registration upon request and verification of the subscriber's identity. Upon request, Cox will remove any subscriber's information from it database, or allow any subscriber to opt out of further contact or to change/correct personal information that the subscriber states is erroneous.

With prior permission from customer at time of registration, using the e-mail addresses provided at registration, Cox periodically sends informational or special value notification e-mail to its subscribers about products and services offered by Cox (but not by third parties). Cox reserves the right to contact all subscribers about their account status or changes to the site's visitor agreement or privacy policy.

All information gathered on any Cox website is encrypted for storage within a Cox-controlled database. However, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.

Any information you include in a message you post to any chatroom, forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access. If you don't want people to know your email address, for example, don't include it in any message you post publicly. In addition, Cox is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of Web sites to which it may link.

A final note: The Web is an evolving medium. If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future, we'll post the changes before they take effect.

Of course, our use of information gathered while the current policy is in effect will always be consistent with the current policy, even if we change that policy later.
