> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adeevee.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140520082450id_/http%3A//www.adeevee.com/pages/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy

Your privacy is critically important to us. At Adeevee we have a few fundamental principles: 

  * We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.) 
  * We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights. 
  * We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services. 



Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals: Adeevee operates adeevee.com. It is Adeevee’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites. 

**Website Visitors**. Like most website operators, Adeevee collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Adeevee’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Adeevee’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Adeevee may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. Adeevee also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Adeevee does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below. 

**Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information**. Certain visitors to Adeevee’s website choose to interact with Adeevee in ways that require Adeevee to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Adeevee gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up account at adeevee.com to provide a username and email address. Adeevee collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitors interaction with Adeevee. Adeevee does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities. 

**Aggregated Statistics**. Adeevee may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Adeevee may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Adeevee does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. 

**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information**. Adeevee discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Adeevee’s behalf or to provide services available at Adeevee’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Adeevee’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Adeevee will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Adeevee discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Adeevee believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Adeevee, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Adeevee website and have supplied your email address, Adeevee may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with whats going on with Adeevee and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Adeevee takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. 

**Cookies**. A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitors computer, and that the visitors browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Adeevee uses cookies to help Adeevee identify and track visitors, their usage of Adeevee website, and their website access preferences. Adeevee visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Adeevee’s website, with the drawback that certain features of Adeevee’ss website may not function properly without the aid of cookies. 

**Business transitions**. In the event Adeevee goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. 

**Third party advertising**. Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Automattic and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. 

**Privacy Policy Changes**. Although most changes are likely to be minor, Adeevee may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Adeevee’s sole discretion. Adeevee encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. 
