> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uvapoint.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160503025052id_/http%3A//www.uvapoint.com/site/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Recharge,Online Recharge,Prepaid Mobile Recharge,DTH Recharge,Easy Online Mobile Recharge,Mobile Bill Payment. Easy Bill Payment,Quick Heal

The following are terms of a legal agreement (“Privacy Agreement”) concerning your privacy on this web site (www.uvapoint.com) between you and UvaPoint( Adiv. of ViseshInfotechnics Limited) and its affiliates, successors & assigns. By accessing, browsing and using this site you acknowledges that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Privacy Agreement and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. We have designed this Privacy Policy to explain how we handle personally identifiable information collected from users who register for services and submit information to [www.uvapoint.com](http://www.uvapoint.com/home/index.aspx) through the Internet. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this site. Read this Privacy Agreement carefully and be aware that UvaPoint( A div. of Visesh Infotechnics Limited) may amend this Privacy Agreement at any time without notice and by posting the amended terms on this site. If you have questions about www.uvapoint.com privacy practices, please contact us at [info@uvapoint.com](mailto:info@uvapoint.com), [care@uvapoint.com. ](mailto:care@uvapoint.com)

UVAPOINT PRIVACY PRINCIPLES :  Makes no representations or warranties whatsoever about, and shall not be liable for, the vendor or any such third parties, their products or services, including representations relating to non-infringement of third party intellectual property rights. Any transactions that you may have with such third parties are at your own risk. The products/services shall be subject to vendor's terms and conditions for warranty, service and maintenance, and uvapoint does not accept any responsibility for the same. Uvapoint also does not accept any responsibility for the usage of the products by you. 

Uvapoint.com is committed to keep your information confidential and secure and that is why we have designed procedures to ensure your privacy in all facets of our relationship. No matter if you are our Merchant, business partner, franchise, backend user, a consumer, and a customer you are protected, not only by the applicable privacy laws, but, more importantly, commitment of Uvapoint.com to safeguard your privacy and your right to decide how your personal information will be used. 

SCOPE OF PRIVACY POLICY : This Privacy Policy covers treatment of personally identifiable information collected by Uvapoint.com from our Channel Partners , Distributors , retailers and end users who use the Uvapoint services. This Policy also covers the treatment of personally identifiable information that our back end technology service providers / partners may share with us. 

This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Uvapoint.com does not own or control or to people that Uvapoint.com does not employ or manage. This Policy is specific to Uvapoint.com and does not apply to other Web sites, links or Internet services that are part of or to be part of the Network of Uvapoint.com. 

What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected by Uvapoint.com ?   
Uvapoint.com collects and stores information collected from our Channel Partners , Distributors , retailers who use the Uvapoint services, as well as Merchants, business partners, that we have tied-up and acquired in the course of our business and some visitor information regarding usage of this website, such as date and time of day you access our website, browser type, browser language, the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using, number of hits, the pages visited, previous/subsequent sites visited and length of user session. Uvapoint.com does not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, e-mail address, etc.) except when you specifically and know Uvapoint.com only provide such information. 

OBJECTIVE :   
1\. Provide consumers notice of our information practices.  
2\. Offer consumers choices as to how their information is used beyond the purpose for which the information was provided.  
3\. Offer consumers reasonable access to their information and an opportunity to correct inaccuracies.  
4\. Take reasonable steps to protect the security and integrity of personal information.   
Uvapoint.com respects your privacy and wants to promote trust and confidence on the internet. As such, Uvapoint.com feels it is necessary to disclose to you what information this site collects and tracks and what we do with the information that we collect. 

Information security is critical to our business. We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We store information gathered on secure computers. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your Login ID/password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer and otherwise protect the password used to access the services of Uvapoint.com. 

Currently, Uvapoint.com collects information of our Channel Partners , Distributors , retailers and end users who use the Uvapointservices, as well as Merchants, business partners, that we have tied-up and acquired in the course of our business. Uvapoint.com asks merchants and customers to supply various personal data when placing an order, such as name and address, mobile number, and E-mail address. Uvapoint.com uses this data only for the purpose of filling an order, or communicating with the customer or Merchants about the status of an order. The data so collected is used in the aggregate to give us demographic information about the entire services of Uvapoint.com in order to improve the said service to you, to perform statistical analysis of the collective characteristics and behaviour of our Merchants, customers/users and visitors, to measure overall patron demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Uvapoint.com domain and to analyze how and where to use our resources. We use cookies to help us determine which sites users’ link to, and which services merchants and visitors use. 

We also track information like the domain name from which you contact us, the pages you request, the products you buy, the referring site, and the time that you spend on the site. For everyone who visits our website, Sub-Merchant purchase page, we log IP addresses, the type of operating system that your computer uses, and the type of browser software used by you. From the IP address, we can determine the Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of your point of connectivity. 

If you are our Merchant then the personal information you provide - name, address, etc.-allows us to inform you about updates, or changes to the service and to notify you of products and services of Uvapoint.com, its backend service providers and affiliates that we believe may be of interest to you. 

How UVAPOINT.COM USES AND SHARE PERSONALLY-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION :  At our website, we will use your personal details and information we obtain from other sources to provide you with our goods and services, for administration and customer services, to analyse your preferences and to ensure that the content, services and advertising we offer are tailored to your needs and interests. Personally identifiable consumer information is also shared with third parties (such as our Merchants, Banks and credit card/prepaid card processors, franchises, business partners, and channel network) service providers, agents to the extent necessary for Uvapoint.com to deliver payment settlement/processing services. Uvapoint.com may also link to a wide variety of other sites/links. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users. We may disclose personal data in order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. 

If you (i.e. Channel Partners , Distributors , retailers) would like to view the information we have collected from you and your customers or you want to correct your information or the billing/shipping details of your customers or their IP addresses, Please go to login page and log into your account to view the above details and to review your personal information. If you have questions or suggestions, we can be reached by email at [info@uvapoint.com](mailto:info@uvapoint.com), [care@uvapoint.com](mailto:care@uvapoint.com)

COOKIES : The information mentioned above is gathered by using cookie. A cookie is a small line of text that is stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information. 

We use cookies to collect information about how this site is used. We use this information to improve how our website caters for your needs and to identify any technical problems. Cookies are small bits of data that are stored by your browser. You can accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings of your web browser. 

When you visit our website, we may also log your IP address, a unique identifier for your computer or other access device. 

The internet is worldwide and if you are visiting this site from outside India, your visit will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international borders. By visiting this site and communicating electronically with us you are consenting to these transfers. 

If you provide us with information about another person, you confirm that they have appointed you to act for them, to consent to the processing of their personal data including sensitive personal data and that you have informed them of our identity and the purposes (as set out above) for which their personal data will be processed. 

We link to a wide variety of other sites and we display advertisements from third parties on our site. We are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these sites and third party advertisers, or for the way in which information about their users is treated. In particular, unless expressly stated, we are not agents for these sites or advertisers nor are we authorized to make representations on their behalf. 

NOTICE :  When you complete an application form or register on our website, be aware that you are giving Uvapoint.com your personal information and you will not be informed separately. If you decide not to complete the application form or to leave the site altogether, we will not keep any data you have provided. 

CHOICE :  If we want to collect information about you, you decide which personal data we receive and how we use it. We will only collect personal data for the purposes you approve of and only to the extent necessary for that purpose.In some cases, we may share your data with third parties and affiliates in order to offer you other services. In such cases we respect your right to opt out of such transfer to third parties or affiliates or out of our use of your non-public personal data for purposes other than they were collected for. 

ACCESS :  We respect your privacy rights, particularly your right to access your information. If you ask us, and to the extent provided by local law, we will share with you the personal information we collect and retain about you through our web-sites. We strive to keep your data accurate. Please provide us with any changes or corrections in your information. 

DATA SECURITY :  Uvapoint.com strive to keep the level of security state-of-the-art at all times and takes steps to protect your personally identifiable information and has adopted generally accepted standards of technology in order to protect your personally identifiable information. We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We store information gathered on secure computers. We use advanced security technology to prevent our computers from being accessed by unauthorized persons.

We respond to subpoenas, warrants, or other court orders regarding information that is contained within our access logs concerning any Merchant, business partner, agent, franchise, end users, customer or visitor. We reserve the right to release that information concerning any Merchant, business partner, agent, franchises; user who we believe is in violation of our content guidelines, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order. We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our servers and services for illegal activities. 

We also reserve the right to report any illegal activity by our Merchants, agents, franchises or their customers to law enforcement for prosecution. 

Please be aware that Uvapoint.com does not control the acts of its Merchants, agents, franchises, customers, users or visitors. All Merchants, customers and visitors should be aware that, when they disclose personal information such as their actual name, store's name, e-mail address, etc. to third parties, the information may be collected and used by others to send that person unsolicited e-mail from other parties, outside of Uvapoint.com. In the event that you encounter any Merchant, agent, franchises, customer of Uvapoint.com or user who is improperly collecting or using information about users, please contact us by emailing at [info@uvapoint.com](mailto:info@uvapoint.com), [care@uvapoint.com](mailto:care@uvapoint.com)

This website takes measures to protect its data that contains information related to you. However, as a consideration for viewing this site or interacting with this site in any manner, you waive all claims of any nature against this site concerning the loss, alteration, or misuse of information. You must assume that it is possible for your personal data to be obtained by others, such as "hackers," and used in an inappropriate manner that may cause harm to you and that you agree that Uvapoint.com is not responsible to provide any damages to you. 

ENFORCEMENT : The laws of the India provide for measures to enforce your privacy rights. In addition, if you feel that uvapoint.com this Statement on Privacy in any way, please contact us at info@Uvapoint.com, care@uvapoint.com . 

TRANSFER OF INFORMATION ABROAD :  This site may be viewed anywhere in the world. Personally identifiable information collected by Uvapoint.com through this site may be transferred to offices of Uvapoint.com located all over India and the site viewed by any person outside India. Some destination countries may not have laws that regulate the use and transfer of such information. By using this website and posting information on this site, you voluntarily consent to such transfer of information. 

DISCLAIMER :  Uvapoint.com cannot ensure that all of your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may be required to disclose personally identifiable information to the government or by court order under certain circumstances, or other situations may arise requiring such disclosure. In addition, you authorize us to disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate.

This site contains links to other websites. Uvapoint.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites. 

YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITE MEANS THAT YOU ARE ACCEPT THE PRACTICES SET FORTH IN THIS POLICY. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE CHANGES TO THE POLICY BY POSTING THE NEW VERSION WITH A NEW EFFECTIVE DATE AND YOUR CONTINUED USE INDICATES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE CHANGES. 

LATEST UPDATE : This Privacy Policy was last updated on: [ 10th February 2012 ] 
