> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ucreditu.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140616094002id_/http%3A//www.ucreditu.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fraud Alerts | University First FCU | Salt Lake City - West Jordan - Bountiful | UT - Utah

## WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY

University Federal Credit Union is committed to protecting the privacy of each member's financial records consistent with state and federal laws. We will take prudent and reasonable measures to safeguard the accuracy and privacy of all member information including information used while conducting business via the Internet, ATM networks, wire services, telephone, the U.S. mail, and other means of communication.

This notice is provided to you to ensure that you understand your rights under federal and state law. University Federal Credit Union takes pride in providing quality products and services at the most competitive price. In order to do this we may collect and share data with affiliated and non- affiliated parties.

We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:

  


  * Information we receive from you on applications or other forms;
  * Information about your transactions with us or others;
  * Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency;
  * Information we receive from government agencies such as the Department of Motor Vehicles.



We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our members and former members to anyone, except as permitted by law. We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your non-public personal information.

  


### Information Collection and Use

University Federal Credit Union is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. The Credit Union collects information from our users at several different points on our website. The Credit Union does not knowingly solicit or collect data from children and does not knowingly market to children online.

  


### Log Files

We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.

  


### Analytics

Portions of this website use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

  


### Sharing

We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We use outside vendors. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.

We partner with other parties to provide specific services, such as check printing. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.

  


### Links To Other Web Sites

This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that University Credit Union is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.

  


### Surveys & Contests

From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and mailing address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.

  


### Security

This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.

Should a registration or application form ask a user to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry. While on a secure page, such as University Federal Credit Union's Online Banking, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'.

While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, a Member Service Representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must reenter their password to regain access to your information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to- date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind locked doors.

If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an e-mail to: website@ucreditu.com

  


### Supplementation of Information

In order for this website to properly fulfill its obligation to our members, it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources.

For example, to determine if our members qualify for one of our credit cards, we use their name and social security number to request a credit report. Once we determine a user's credit worthiness, this document is placed on file or destroyed, but never disclosed to another party.

  


### Special Offers

We send new members a welcoming e-mail to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our 'Choice/ Opt-out' section that follows.

  


### Site and Service Updates

We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We encourage subscription to these service announcements, because some may be important to how you manage your accounts. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via e-mail or phone.

  


### Correction/Updating Personal Information:

If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your address or zip code) we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can usually be done by visiting or calling a local office or by calling our Member Service Center at 801-481-8800.

  


### Choice/Opt-out

Members who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from us or our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the e-mail or e-mail us at info@ucreditu.com

Users of our site are notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.

  


### Notification of Changes

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our website so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
