> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the healthjobsusa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209205218id_/http%3A//www.healthjobsusa.com/index.php%3Faction%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Healthcare Jobs & Medical Employment - Absolutely Health Care

  
Your privacy is very important to us. We want to make your experience with us as enjoyable and rewarding as possible and we want you to use the Internet's vast array of information, tools and opportunities with complete confidence. 

We have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and security. This Privacy Policy describes how AbsolutelyHealthCare.com, an HSI Company ("AbsolutelyHealthCare.com") collects information from the users of AbsolutelyHealthCare.com's Internet services (the "Services"), what we do with the information we collect and the choices you have concerning the collection and use of such information. AbsolutelyHealthCare.com requests that you read this Privacy Policy carefully. 

**Personal Information AbsolutelyHealthCare.com Collects and How It Is Used**

**Introduction.** AbsolutelyHealthCare.com collects information in different ways from you. We use this information primarily to provide a customized experience as you use our Services and, generally, do not share this information with third parties. However, we may disclose personal information collected if we have received your permission beforehand or in special circumstances as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy only applies to data gathered on the AbsolutelyHealthCare.com's web site (the "Site"), and does not apply to any other information or web site. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. This Privacy Policy is effective as of March 1, 2008. Each time you visit the Site or provide us with information, you are, by doing so, accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy at that time. You agree that by using the Site you are expressly and affirmatively consenting to our use and disclosure of the information that you provide, and consenting to receive E-mails, as described below in this Privacy Policy.

**Personal Information.** In order to operate the Site in an efficient and effective manner and provide you with information on job postings and services that may be of interest to you, AbsolutelyHealthCare.com may collect personal information, including contact information (such as an E-mail address) from you. In addition, this information allows us to provide you with private and secure areas to post and modify your original content on our site (e.g., jobs and resumes). We also automatically track certain information based upon your behavior on the Site and use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests and behavior to better understand, protect and serve our users in general. This information may include the URL that a you have just come from (whether this URL is on our Site or not), the URL you go to next (whether this URL is on our Site or not), your computer browser information and your IP address.

You agree that AbsolutelyHealthCare.com may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests (such as relevant job postings and services), or provides administrative notices or communications applicable to your use of the Site. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. In addition, you may receive free informational e-newsletters from us or our clients/partners relating to topics that may be of special interest to you. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of any further receipt by following the opt out provisions provided in each such communication. You may also opt-out of receiving E-mails by sending us an email to support@healthjobsnationwide.com

**Participation in the Medical Publisher Consortium**

This website is a member of the Medical Publisher Consortium (the "Consortium"), and as such has implemented various technologies for universal registration/log-in among all Consortium member websites. These technologies are managed by DMD Marketing Corp. ("DMD"), and may involve the collection, receipt, and sharing of information with DMD and among other Consortium members. If you would like to understand how this website's participation in the Consortium affects your privacy, please click here:

<http://www.dmddata.com/c_host/PrivacyPolicy_v3.htm>

Please note that the Consortium registration/log-in system may be different from the registration/log-in used by this website for other products and services. To the extent that anything in this privacy policy conflicts with the policy for the Consortium technologies, the conflict will be resolved in favor of policy applicable to the Consortium technologies.

We do not sell your personal information to anyone for any reason if you have indicated a desire for us to keep the information private. When posting jobs and resumes, you decide for yourself how much contact information you wish to display (we enable private communication for those who choose to hide this information).

You should be aware, however, that when you voluntarily display or distribute personal information (such as your E-mail address or resume), that information can be collected and used by others. This may result in unsolicited messages from third parties for which AbsolutelyHealthCare.com is not responsible. Also, you may have arrived at the Site by following a link from a AbsolutelyHealthCare.com affiliate. If so, please be aware that AbsolutelyHealthCare.com may share your information with that affiliate and the affiliate may use the information consistent with its privacy policy instead of this one.

Also, we may disclose your personal information to those parties hosting our web servers, processing credit card information, providing customer service and analyzing data, and other parties we may engage to provide services for AbsolutelyHealthCare.com. We will endeavor to obtain restrictions on their use of your personal information, but cannot guarantee that we can obtain restrictions on the use of your information.

**Online Advertisements.** AbsolutelyHealthCare.com may display online advertisements. We may share aggregated and non-identifying information about our users collected through the registration process as well as through online surveys and promotions with these advertisers. Additionally, in some instances, we use this aggregated and non-identifying information to deliver tailored advertisements. For instance, an advertiser tells us the audience they want to reach (for example, females between 25 and 55 years of age) and provides us an advertisement tailored to the audience. Based upon the aggregated and non-identifying information we have collected, we may then display the advertisement to the intended audience. AbsolutelyHealthCare.com will not share personal information about its users with these advertisers.

**Responses to E-mail Inquiries.** When you send E-mail inquiries to AbsolutelyHealthCare.com, the return E-mail address is used to answer the E-mail inquiry. AbsolutelyHealthCare.com does not use the return E-mail address for any other purpose and except as stated in this Privacy Policy does not share the return E-mail address with any third party. 

**Voluntary Customer Surveys.** We may periodically conduct both business and individual customer surveys. We encourage you to participate in these surveys because they provide us with important information that helps us to improve the types of services we offer and how we provide them to you. Your personal information and responses will remain strictly confidential, even if a third party conducts the survey.

We may take the information we receive from individuals responding to our Customer Surveys and combine (or aggregate) it with the responses of other AbsolutelyHealthCare.com customers to create broader, generic responses to the survey questions (such as gender, age, residence, hobbies, education, employment, industry sector or other demographic information). We may then use the aggregated information to improve the quality of our services to you and to develop new services and products. This aggregated, non-personally identifying information may be shared with third parties.

**Special Cases.** It is AbsolutelyHealthCare.com's policy not to use or share your personal information in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. However, AbsolutelyHealthCare.com may disclose personal information about you, or information regarding your use of the Services or web sites accessible through our Services, for any reason if, in our sole discretion, we believe that it is reasonable to do so, including: to satisfy laws such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, regulations or governmental or legal requests for such information; to disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of Use or other user policies; to operate the Services properly; or to protect AbsolutelyHealthCare.com and our users. In addition, personal information we have collected may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets or a bankruptcy of AbsolutelyHealthCare.com.

**"Cookies" and How AbsolutelyHealthCare.com Uses Them.** A "cookie" is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain web sites. AbsolutelyHealthCare.com may use cookies to collect, store and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the products and services we provide and to manage our system. We may use a cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your customer information. Additionally, be aware that if you visit a non-AbsolutelyHealthCare.com web site where you are prompted to log in or that is customizable, you may be required to accept cookies. Advertisers and partners may also use their own cookies. We do not control use of these cookies and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.

**AbsolutelyHealthCare.com's Commitment to Children's Privacy.** Protecting children's privacy is especially important to us. It is our policy to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and all other applicable laws.

**AbsolutelyHealthCare.com's Commitment to Data Security.** We have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining this information. 

**How to Access or Modify Your Information.** AbsolutelyHealthCare.com offers you the opportunity to access or modify information provided during registration. To access or modify such information, visit http://www.healthjobsusa.com or contact our Customer Service Department at (888) 590-1130.

**Where to Direct Questions About AbsolutelyHealthCare.com's Privacy Policy.** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, you may contact:

AbsolutelyHealthCare.com, an HSI Company  
3229 S. Cherokee Lane, Building 1400  
Woodstock, GA 30188  
[support@healthjobsnationwide.com](mailto:support@healthjobsnationwide.com)  
Tel: (888) 590-1130

For more information regarding online privacy, please visit [Consumer.Net](http://www.consumer.net/)
