> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the healthcallings.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629145217id_/http%3A//www.healthcallings.com/common/seeker/docs/privacy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Career Resources

HealthCallings.com and Dice Holdings, Inc are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing personalized career management services on our websites.

Note: Any reference to "we," "us", "our website" or Health Callings are references to the [www.healthcallings.com](http://www.healthcallings.com/) site (the "Website") and all of our partner career centers. Health Callings provides links to the websites of many other companies to which this policy does not apply. We cannot, and do not, assume responsibility for the privacy or information policies, practices or actions of any third parties.

We at Health Callings are committed to good privacy practices regarding your personal information. Your loyalty as a job seeker, customer or visitor is important, and we hope that our concerns regarding your privacy, as described in this policy (the "Privacy Policy" or "Policy"), demonstrate our commitment to making your experience with Health Callings an enjoyable and satisfying one.

Dice Holdings, Inc. (the parent company of HealthCallings.com) has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy-program-requirements/program_requirements_website_privacy.html) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at [privacy@healthcallings.com.](mailto:privacy@healthcallings.com) If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe [here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint). The TRUSTe program covers information collected through this Web site.

Although we respect the privacy of all those who visit our Website and use our online services, we do collect information from our visitors, including job seekers and customers. This Privacy Policy governs your interaction with the Website and your registration for and use of our online services (collectively, the "Services"). Except as set forth within this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use Agreement and other published guidelines, we do not release personally identifiable information about our members and visitors without their permission.

## A. The information we gather.

We gather two types of information about users:

  1. **Non-personally identifiable information (information that does not identify a specific individual):** When visitors use the Services, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which links were "clicked." Collecting such information involves the collection and logging of IP addresses, operating system, and browser software used by each user of the Services. Although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from the IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity. 

The non-personally identifiable information we collect helps us identify the most popular areas of our Website and determine the effectiveness of our promotional activities. In addition, we may disclose some of this information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have seen and/or clicked through their advertisements. We collect non-personally identifiable information in part through the use of "cookies" - that is, small text files placed on your computer's hard drive - that help us determine the type of content and pages to which you link, the length of time you spend at any particular area of the Services, and the Services you choose to use. 

Cookies allow us to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience with the Services - for example, by allowing us to save your password so that you do not have to reenter it each time you use the Services. Nevertheless, you should be able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser. For more information on how to do so, please refer to the documentation accompanying your browser. 

We use pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files are provided by our ad management partner, DoubleClick. These files enable our ad management partner to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. For more information about DoubleClick, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go to <http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/>. 

Links to Other Sites  
This Website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by this Website. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. 

This Website utilizes framing and masking techniques to make it appear that the user is still on the site when the user is actually on a third party website. We also have co-branding relationships with certain partners. In these relationships, you will notice our service platform on our partners page. In this situation, both parties are collecting your data and both privacy policies govern the data collected. We will not share your data with third parties without your consent in these and other relationships. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects personally identifiable information. 

This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Website.

  2. **Personally identifiable information:** In certain areas of the Services, such as those in which you complete a profile, submit your resume, create a new account, or enter Health Callings-sponsored contests or promotions, we may request that you provide us with certain personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, zip code, profession, or work experience. We will, in such situations, seek to identify which informational items are required and which are optional. 

Job seekers should post profiles and resumes on our Website only if they wish such information to be viewed by our customers. At any time, job seekers may elect that their profile and resume not be searchable by our customers by logging into their account and changing the status of their profile or, if that is not possible, they may contact us at support@healthcallings.com and we will make the change for them. 

In addition, job seekers may elect to make their profile searchable by our customers on a confidential basis only. In this case, the user's name and contact information will not be displayed to customers performing searches on the Website. If the customer desires to contact the confidential job seeker regarding an employment opportunity, they will send an email to the job seeker through our system. We will forward the email to the seeker's email address. The seeker's email address will not be provided directly to the customer. When posting a resume confidentially, it is the job seeker's responsibility to ensure that their contact information is not included within their resume attachment. 

_The Services are not available to children under 13 years of age._ We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. 

Please note that we cannot control the acts of users of the Services. All members and visitors should be aware that, when they disclose personally identifiable information in a resume or profile or other medium, the information may be collected and used by others to send that person unsolicited email from other parties outside Health Callings. In the event that you encounter any Health Callings user who is improperly collecting or using information about you or other users, please contact [privacy@healthcallings.com.](mailto:privacy@healthcallings.com)




## B. How we use (and do not use) the information we gather.

Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways we use the information we gather. Keep in mind that, while Health Callings encourages all third parties involved, including but not limited to its advertisers, to adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our visitors and members and to otherwise handle personal information in a responsible manner, we cannot and do not assume any responsibility for any actions or omissions of third parties, including the manner in which they use information received either from Health Callings or independently. Nevertheless, in the event you encounter any third party associated with, or who claims association with Health Callings, who you feel is improperly collecting or using information about you, please contact [privacy@healthcallings.com.](mailto:privacy@healthcallings.com) We will be happy to forward your message to the third party or contact the third party on your behalf.

  1. **How we use (and do not use) non-personally identifiable information:** We use non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful Services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our visitors and members, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Services. We may provide statistical information based on this data to advertisers, users, and other current and potential business partners. We may also use the aggregate data to inform these third parties as to the number of people who have seen and clicked through links to their sites.
  2. **How we use (and do not use) personally identifiable information:** We do not sell, re-sell or distribute for re-sale your personally identifiable information. Our customers may only use the information provided in resumes and profiles of job seekers to evaluate seekers' qualifications for the customer's open job opportunities. Job seekers should be aware, however, that Health Callings has no way to control how a customer actually uses the service and how they use the resume and profile information. If you believe an Health Callings customer is using personally identifiable information inappropriately, please notify Health Callings at [privacy@healthcallings.com](mailto:privacy@healthcallings.com). 

Please note that Health Callings reserves the right to disclose information submitted by or concerning any visitor or member as we reasonably feel is necessary to protect our systems or business. We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using our servers or Services for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution, or to suspend or terminate your membership in connection with any suspected illegal or infringing activity or if you are in violation of our Terms of Use Agreement or other published guidelines. 

If Health Callings is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. Health Callings reserves the right to assign, sell, license, or otherwise transfer to a third party your personally identifiable information in connection with an assignment, sale, joint venture, or other transfer or disposition of any portion or all of Health Callings' or its affiliated entities' assets or stock. 

Subject to the foregoing, Health Callings uses your personally identifying information in several ways: 

    * to customize various aspects of the Services to your preferences;
    * to determine which advertisements or sponsor messages will appear on your screen;
    * to send to you Health Callings solicitations, product announcements, and the like that we feel may be of interest to you (you may "opt out" of receiving these materials, as provided below);
    * to send to you certain e-mail messages that are critical to your use of the Services, such as system status updates or order confirmations (because these messages contain important information, you may not be able to "opt out" of receiving such messages);
    * to send you certain e-mail messages from third party advertisers (you may "opt-out" of receiving these materials, as provided below). Such third-party advertisements are distributed by Health Callings on behalf of the advertiser. Health Callings does not disclose your email address to its advertisers. However, you will be interacting directly with the advertiser and will be subject to their privacy policy once you "click-through" on an advertisement. 
    * to "pre-populate" forms that are displayed for the purpose of collecting individual data by Health Callings and/or its sponsors (in no case will pre-populating a form automatically transfer any data to an advertiser or other third party - only if you voluntarily request that such data be transferred will any such transfer take place, e.g., by clicking the "Submit" button); and
    * as may be necessary to support the operation of the Services, such as for billing, account maintenance, and record-keeping purposes.
In addition to the circumstances described above, Health Callings may disclose your personally-identifiable information to third parties as follows: 
    * When a job seeker posts a profile or resume on the Website on a non-confidential basis, such information will be shared with our customers. (Note that at any time, job seekers may elect that their profile and resume not be searchable by our customers by logging into their account and changing the status of their profile or they may contact Health Callings at [support@healthcallings.com](mailto:support@healthcallings.com) and we will make the change for them.)
    * When a job seeker elects to make his or her profile searchable by our customers on a confidential basis only, the user's name and contact information will not be displayed to customers performing searches on the site. If the customer desires to contact the confidential job seeker regarding an employment opportunity, it will send an email to the job seeker through the Health Callings system. We will forward the email to the seeker's email address. The seeker's email address will not be provided directly to the customer. When posting a resume confidentially, it is the job seeker's responsibility to ensure that their contact information is not included within their resume attachment.
    * If you "opt in" to receive promotional materials from third parties, information you have made available to us may be made available to third parties who provide goods or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
  3. We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as processing credit card transaction, offering customer service, or operating a community forum. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
  4. **Opting Out:** You may receive promotional materials from us about Health Callings Services, or on behalf of Health Callings' affiliates, advertisers, or other business partners. You may "opt out" of receiving such materials at any time in a variety of ways: by using the "opt-out" link included in each email, by changing your subscriptions preferences on the "user settings" page in your Health Callings account or by contacting us at [privacy@healthcallings.com.](mailto:privacy@healthcallings.com) If you have provided more than one email address to our services, you may continue to be contacted, unless you request to unsubscribe each email address you have provided. If you opted in to receive information directly from third parties, then you must contact those third parties directly to opt-out.
  5. All information made available to Health Callings may be made available to our contractors and consultants, and professional advisors (such as attorneys or accountants), but only to the extent necessary for them to perform services on our behalf, and only under a duty of confidentiality.
  6. Email to a Friend: If you choose to use our referral service to tell another person about a job, we will ask you for that person's email address. We will automatically send that person a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. We use this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email, and do not store these email addresses.



## C. Security

The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).

We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can contact us at [security@healthcallings.com](mailto:security@healthcallings.com). 

## D. Surveys and Sweepstakes

Occasionally, Health Callings may conduct surveys in order to better deliver advertisements and content and to better understand your needs relating to the Services. We will not share your survey information with any third party, except in aggregate form. 

From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). That information, to the extent it conflicts with this policy, will govern that particular promotion or sweepstakes - please remember to read it carefully.

We may use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes, to monitor Website use, to personalize the site, to send participants an email, and to measure participants' demographics, interests and opinions. We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using our users' personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.

## E. Social Media Features

Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. 

## F. Facebook Connect

You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network. 

## G. Correcting personal information

If you would like to have your personally identifiable information removed from Health Callings' database, or would like to correct an error in such information, please contact us at [privacy@healthcallings.com](mailto:privacy@healthcallings.com), and we will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. Keep in mind, however, that there will be residual information that will remain within Health Callings databases, access logs, and other records, which may or may not contain such personally identifiable information. The residual information will not be used for commercial purposes; if you have provided more than one email address to our service, you may continue to be contacted, unless you request to unsubscribe each email address you may have provided.

  1. **Access:** If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page or by emailing our Customer Support at [support@healthcallings.com](mailto:support@healthcallings.com) or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. 
  2. **Data Retention:** We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you Services, contact us at [support@healthcallings.com](mailto:support@healthcallings.com). We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
  3. **Blogs:** Our Website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at [support@healthcallings.com](mailto:support@healthcallings.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
  4. **Testimonials:** We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information. We do obtain the customer's consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial.



## H. Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.

Note that, by using the Services, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Services. Your continued use of the Services subsequent to changes to this Policy will mean that you accept the changes; therefore, please bookmark this page and review it periodically. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or any other privacy issues in connection with the Services, please e-mail us at [privacy@healthcallings.com.](mailto:privacy@healthcallings.com)

## Questions?

Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to [privacy@healthcallings.com.](mailto:privacy@healthcallings.com) You may also contact us at Health Callings Inc., 12150 Meredith Dr., Urbandale, IA 50323, or 1-877-409-4245. 
