> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the healthdesigns.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060619072052id_/http%3A//www.healthdesigns.com/Privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for HealthDesigns International at [http://www.healthdesigns.com](http://www.healthdesigns.com/).

At Health Designs International (HDI), our goal is to provide our clients and the general public with valuable and timely education about how to achieve optimal health.  Your privacy is important to HDI.  We understand that your health is a very personal, private subject, and we want you to feel comfortable visiting and viewing our website.   Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed.  For your protection, any information you submit will remain completely confidential.  

If you have accessed our site from your Activator Chiropractor, for your protection, any and all information will only be released to you and your doctor.  The information will not be used to identify or contact any individual, unless you specifically request more information or subscribe to receive a service.  All patient information received or generated by Health Designs International is subject to stringent confidentiality safeguards which meet or exceed all federal and state requirements. 

HDI is committed to a set of ethical principals designed to ensure that consumers can confidently realize the full benefit of the Internet to improve their health and the health of their families.

HealthDesigns International is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.  We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.  HealthDesigns International collects information from our users at several different points on our website.

We request information from the user on our order form.  Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date).  This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders.  If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user. Invoices are sent to the email address provided.

In order to use this service, a user must complete the form.  A user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address).  This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.  It is optional for the user to provide medical information (such as symptoms experiencing) but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.  

If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as email address. HDI maintains an email list to keep interested individuals informed about breaking events.  Individuals who affirmatively request, customers, and inquiries to HDI are included in our mailing list.  We do not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease the addresses on our list to anyone.

**Choice/Opt-out  
**Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at [subscriber@healthdesigns.com](mailto:subscriber@healthdesigns.com).

Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).  However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.

We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.

We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.

We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.

We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.

These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.

This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, HealthDesigns International, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.  This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.

From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests.  Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.  Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).  Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.  Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.

If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address.  HealthDesigns International will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site.  HealthDesigns International stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and our newsletter.  The friend may contact HealthDesigns International at [subscriber@healthdesigns.com](mailto:subscriber@healthdesigns.com) to request the removal of this information from our database.

This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information.  When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. 

When our order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL.  While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.

While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line.  All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices.  Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.  Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.  Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected.  Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment. 

If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to [customerservice@healthdesigns.com](mailto:customer_service@healthdesigns.com).

**Special Offers  
**Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.

**Site and Service Updates  
**We also send the user site and service announcement updates. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.

**Correction/Updating Personal Information:  
**If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us.  This can usually be done by emailing our Customer Support **.**

**Notification of Changes  
**If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.  Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. 

You should check this posted Privacy Policy for any future changes.  If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy, please exit the site immediately.
