> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the healthyway.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-02-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160224052122id_/http%3A//www.healthyway.com/page/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - HealthyWay

## INFORMATION SHARING & DISCLOSURE

In addition to using the anonymous identifying information that we track for internal purposes in the manner described here, this information may also, on an aggregate basis, be shared with and used by third parties with which we have contracted (e.g., our third-party content providers and licensees of Healthyway's services). Furthermore, in addition to Healthyway providing its own advertising, Healthyway uses third-party advertising companies and networks to serve ads when you visit the Site. These companies and networks include, among others, third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors, and research firms. These companies and networks may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to the Site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to the Site, our ad networks may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser or use a "web beacon." An example of such ad network is Google, Inc.

Certain third-party ad network providers may use web beacons and cookies to help present, better target, and measure the effectiveness of their advertisements, using non-personally identifiable data (such as sites visited and browser type) gathered over time and across their networks of Web pages to determine or predict the characteristics and preferences of their audience. This is also known as online behavioral advertising. An example of such ad network serving advertisements on our site is AOL/Ad.com, a member of the Network Advertising Initiative. Other examples are Microsoft Advertising, whereby data collection by or on behalf of Microsoft is taking place in connection our services agreement with 24/7 Media US, Inc. as well as by or on behalf of 24/7 Media itself. If you would like more information about this practice, as well as your choices about not having this information used for online behavioral advertising by these ad networks, click here:<http://networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp>.

Please note that ad networks' use of cookies or web beacons, and that of any other third-party that has a link available on any Site, is subject to their own privacy policies and not this privacy policy.

Personally Identifiable Information:  
We do not rent or sell your personally identifying information to any third parties, unless we have your consent. We may disclose your personally identifying information, however, in any of the following limited circumstances (i) if we have your consent; (ii) to our external service providers when necessary in order to facilitate, provides services to, and evaluate the Site and Services; and (iii) if we conclude that we are required by law or have a good faith belief that access, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Healthyway, its users or the public. Additionally, we may transfer personally identifiable information in the event of a transfer of ownership of Healthyway or any of the Site and/or Services, such as acquisition by or merger with another company.
