> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the healthprofs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120922084827id_/http%3A//healthprofs.com/cam/content/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HealthProfs.com - Privacy Policy -

We take your privacy seriously. We only ask you to provide information that we need in order to deliver the service or information you have requested.

  1. **Information We Collect.**
    1. At this website, your personally identifiable information is collected from you when you use the website to perform certain tasks, such as:
      1. When you post or comment on an article or blogpost or send email to us (such as your name and email address). 
      2. When you send email to a professional listed in one of the professional directories (such as your name and email address) or when you email a friend about a professional (such as your name and email address and your friend's name and email address). Please note that we do not read or retain the message in your e-mail.
      3. When you call a professional using their number listed in one of the professional directories (such as information about where the call was placed).
      4. When you fill out a self-assessment or take a self-test. The assessments and tests are administered by third-parties which have its own Privacy Policies concerning information they may collect from users. Please refer to their policies via the Privacy Policy links on the assessment and test pages.
      5. When you subscribe to a publication (such as your name and address).
      6. When you purchase something from us. Your payment information is submitted directly to the credit card processor, who is responsible for its use and security.
      7. When you register to be listed in our directories. We collect information that will be used to create your profile in the directory, such as name, address, email address, as well as well as such professional information as your qualifications, certifications, the demographic region in which you practice, and your fields of specialty. We collect additional information for our records that may not be displayed as part of your directory profile, but is necessary to check the information you provide or accept payment from you.
      8. When you open an email communication from us in your email program, we may use a software technology called "web beacons" that to let us know which emails have been opened by the recipients. This allows us to know how well customers respond to certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
    2. In addition, like most sites, we maintain logs of site usage for purposes such as to evaluate our users' interest level in areas of the website, which and how many pages they look at, how long they stay on the website, and what Web browsers are used. This data is tracked in aggregate form, not at an individual user level, and is not uniquely identifying. The aggregate level data may be shared with third parties and the public.
  2. **Our Use of Your Information.** We only use information we collect to provide you the services on our website that you request.
    1. We share information with third parties only when needed to deliver to you products or services that you request. For example, we share information from publication subscribers with the company that mails the magazines and information from those who purchase something from us with the credit card payment processing company. Some professionals wishing to list their services may have the information provided used to check with state licensing boards. Otherwise, we do not share or sell any personally identifiable information about website visitors.
    2. We may use a software technology called "cookies" to create a personalized Web experience for our users. Cookies cannot be used to find your name, email address, or anything that is uniquely identifying about you, unless you provide that information. We use cookies for those applications that require us to keep track of information to customize results. If you don't have your browser set to accept cookies, certain areas of the website may not function properly.
    3. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information about you and your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this website and other sites about goods and services of interest to you
    4. When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party websites, the third party may collect information about you at their Web site. The third party may have its own privacy policies that differ from ours. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any website you visit.
  3. **Your Posted Materials.** The materials you post on the website, such as articles, blogposts, directory information and comments, are made available to be seen and read by other users of the website. No such materials are treated confidentially. We will remove your materials from the website at your request, but we cannot give any assurances that such materials are not still available from servers maintained by others (such as search engines or proxy servers) or that others have not already downloaded and stored such materials.
  4. **Marketing Lists.** From time to time, we obtain lists of people who may be interested in our products and services from third-party marketing list suppliers. We use these lists to send direct marketing promotions by mail or by email. We do our best to obtain these lists only from suppliers who collect their lists in compliance with applicable law, but we are not responsible for the conduct and policies of these suppliers. Please note that even if you are a registered customer of ours and have asked us not to use the information you provided to us to send you promotional material, a third-party marketing list supplier may still provide us with your name and address. As a result, you may receive the promotional material sent by us to others on the supplier's list. If you have received a promotion from us and do not wish to receive future promotions, please contact us at newsletters@sussexdirectories.com.
  5. **Limitations.** Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy, we cannot guarantee your privacy. Further, we may disclose personal information when required by law or where we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on us. We may also disclose personal information in cooperation with a law enforcement request.
  6. **Amendment.** We reserve the right to change this policy in accordance with the amendment policy in the website's Terms of Use.


