> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the healthlifeforyou.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-02-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100205043217id_/http%3A//healthlifeforyou.com/PrivacyPolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HealthLifeForYou.com

**healthlifeforyou.com** sees great importance in protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy is designed to explain the manner in which healthcertiflicate.net collects, uses, and discloses the personal information provided by you as a result of the use of healthlifeforyou.com's Web Site and the content, information and services provided through the Web Site by healthlifeforyou.com.

**Users' Consent.** by accessing this web site,the web site located at the url www. healthlifeforyou.com and/or any other site provided by healthcertiflicate.net (collectively,the"site"), you are signifying,expressing and providing your consent to the information collection ,information usage,and procedures described in the privacy policy below. healthcertiflicate.net reserves the right to change this policy at any time, without notice, by posting a new privacy policy at this location. The collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by healthcertiflicate.net will be governed by the version of this Policy in effect at that time. Please check this page periodically for any changes.

**Collection and Use** of Information. In order for you to access certain materials or pages (i.e. author signup, tell a friend, and the like) to register as a user on this Site, this Site requires that you provide certain personal information, including, but not limited to, your name, phone number and e-mail address. We use this information in order to contact you to provide you with further information about our company and services, as well as for other commercial and/or internal purposes such as market research in order to better understand the demographics of our Site visitors and potential customers and partners. We may share this information with our authorized partners and/or with third parties who act for or on behalf of us, but we do not otherwise provide or sell any information gathered on this Site to outside vendors.

**User Tracking.** This Site implements a user tracking feature, whereby the activities of each unique visitor to the Site are monitored. This is done regardless of whether the visitor has registered on the Site or is visiting the Site anonymously, but if you do not register on this Site or fill in your personal details on any forms, you do remain anonymous and we do not discover your identity. If you do register on this Site, our use of user tracking enables us to identify your future and prior activity on the Site, including your activity before you registered. This includes pages on our Site that you visited. User tracking also allows us to determine through which means you have reached our Site (i.e. which search engines or links) up to one web page back. The purpose of our user tracking is to analyze our visitors' actions in order to improve the user experience of visitors to our Site, as well as to better understand the priorities and interests of our potential customers and partners in order to better suit their needs and increase the efficiency of our sales and marketing processes.

**Internet Protocol Addresses.** We collect the IP addresses of all visitors to our Site. We use your IP address in order to administer the Site, help diagnose problems with our server, to gather broad demographic information, and for the "User Tracking" described above.

**Hyperlinks.** This Site contains hyperlinks to other web sites. This privacy policy applies only to this Site and not to any other sites, including sites accessed by hyperlink from this Site. healthcertiflicate.net has no responsibility, liability for, or control over those other web sites or Internet resources or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, nor has it any control over, the privacy policies of any of these sites. When you leave our Site, including by linking from the Site to another site, you should read the privacy policy, if any, provided by such site.

**The applicable law and exclusive** jurisdiction for settling any disputes in connection with the use of the Site shall be the laws and jurisdiction of the state of Israel according to the provisions of the then policy in effect.

**healthlifeforyou.com** will accumulate and process your personal information in the USA, Israel or, from time to time, in other locations at it's discretion in order to provide you with competent and effective service.

**In order to** assist in protecting the confidentiality of your personal information, healthcertiflicate.net applies security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. However, in light of the nature of Internet technologies, security and privacy risks cannot be eliminated and, therefore, healthcertiflicate.net cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Policy.

**If** you have questions please send an e-mail to: admin@healthlifeforyou.com
