> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the healthquoteinsider.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111204070434id_/http%3A//www.healthquoteinsider.com/lp/q20/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy policy

| Privacy Policy Changes  
---  
This Privacy Policy gives you an overview of HealthQuoteInsider.com's practices regarding the type of information collected, how we collect your information, how we use your information, how we share your information, and various other important facts about our privacy practices. Note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at anytime. It is your responsibility to periodically revisit this Privacy Policy to review any changes. In order to track any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will include historical revision dates at the top of this document. We may also notify you by e-mail to the e-mail address you provided to us during registration via a HealthQuoteInsider.com website. It is your responsibility to provide us with your most current e-mail address. You may request that we refrain from using your personal information by contacting us here and requesting that we unsubscribe you.  
Type of Information Collected  
We collect and merge non-personally identifiable information ('Non-PII') and personally identifiable information (?PII?) through the various sources discussed below. For your reference, PII means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including but not limited to name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address. Non-PII is data that is not used to specifically identify, contact or locate an individual, including but not limited to zip code, gender, age, or IP address.  
How we collect Information  
| 1\. Websites:   
---  
We collect information about you via a HealthQuoteInsider.com website when you provide it in connection with a request for a product, service or information. For example, if you decide to place an order or complete a registration form, we may ask you for, but not limited to, the following information: First and last name, delivery address, billing address, e-mail address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, mother's maiden name and/or payment information. We also collect information through web server applications. This information includes, but is not limited to your referring URL, browser type, Internet protocol (?IP?) address, and the date and time.  
2\. Advertisements:   
Additionally, we collect information about you when you complete a questionnaire on one of our advertisements included on our websites or web pages. The advertisements present opportunities for consumers to acquire our services or gain access to other opportunities we can provide. This information may include, but is not limited to: your e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, IP address, and payment information; as well as other information about your interests.  
3\. Marketing Partners:   
In some cases, we contract marketing partners who are website publishers to host one of our websites or web pages on our behalf, if you sign up on one of these hosted websites or web pages our marketing partners may submit all or a portion of the information that you submitted on the registration form to HealthQuoteInsider.com. This information may include, but is not limited to: your e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, IP address, and payment information; as well as other information about your interests.  
4\. Data Partners:   
We may receive information about you, including but not limited to your e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, and IP address from third-party data partners that sell or contract us to manage consumer data on their behalf.   
5\. Service Providers:   
We may use third-party data houses to append additional information to the information you have provided us. This information may include, but is not limited to phone number and e-mail address. In addition, we may acquire information from service providers to validate the information you provided.   
6\. Phone calls:   
By entering any phone number on our websites you agree that HealthQuoteInsider.com or its marketing partners may contact you and record the conversations of the parties answering your phone We or they, may collect PII and non-PII information and append it to data we have already and we may transmit this data to our marketing partners or use it internally. If you do not wish to have us contact you by phone, you may contact us or by calling 866-740-8503 and request that we put your phone number on our internal Do-Not-Call list. This does not place your phone number on any Federal or State Do-Not-Call lists.   
How we Use Your Information  
We may use your information collected for any legally permissible purpose at our sole discretion, including but not limited to those uses described in this Privacy Policy. HealthQuoteInsider.com may always use the personal information that you provide to:  
(1) fulfill your request for a product, information or other service;  
(2) respond to an e-mail or request;  
(3) send information to you about additional goods or services, deliver to you our newsletter or surveys, product information, usage tips or promotions;  
(4) help improve our website(s) or services;  
(5) to service your account, verify your identity, and provide customer service; or  
(6) customize visitors' experiences at our website(s), or  
(7) contact you by phone to verify interest in products or services and then provide that information to our marketing partners so they may contact you by phone or email. HealthQuoteInsider.com may also use your personal information for any marketing and survey purpose on behalf of itself and its affiliates and subsidiaries. We may use your information for ad serving purposes. For example we may show ads to you based on your IP address, demographics, phone number, or other information we collected about you. We reserve the right to decline all current and future transactions through any data points at our own discretion which may include the use of currently and previously collected information. We may use your information to present you a customized cross-sell opportunity during a phone conversation or after you complete a transaction on one of our websites. Whether you purchase a product or service or not, from one of our sites or during a phone conversation, you may be offered other products and services we feel may fit your interest. If you elect to purchase the product or service offered in the cross-sell opportunity we will share the information that you provided on the initial transaction with the appropriate advertiser, including but not limited to your social security number, credit or debit card information. This information is shared to simplify your purchasing experience. Note, your information will only be shared with the advertiser if you elect to purchase their product or service. When submitting your credit card to us or one of our advertisers, you are consenting to allowing us to pre-authorize your credit or debit card to determine your ability to pay for any product or service that you may be interested. We may use your information for on-line and off-line marketing purposes, including but not limited to text messaging, e-mail marketing, telemarketing, and direct mail.   
How we Share Your Information  
We may share or sell your information for any legally permissible purpose at our discretion, include but not limited to those described in this Privacy Policy. We may share your information with affiliated companies, including a parent company, subsidiaries, and non-related management companies. HealthQuoteInsider.com may disclose personal information to third-party agents and independent contractors that help us conduct our marketing and survey efforts. Further, HealthQuoteInsider.com may disclose personal information to other companies in connection with marketing efforts including but not limited to direct marketing or telemarketing, which may have no relationship to HealthQuoteInsider.com. Furthermore, we may sell, license, or share your information (including recorded phone conversations) with third-parties for various marketing purposes, including but not limited to telemarketing, e-mail marketing, text messaging, and direct mail. We, or other authorized vendors, may also present offers to purchase products from marketing partners on a HealthQuoteInsider.com operated site or a vendor operated site, or on a phone call from vendor. If you choose to purchase goods or services from a marketing partner in connection with an offer during a telemarketing call or posted on a HealthQuoteInsider.com website or via other authorized vendors, you authorize us, and our vendors, to share your financial information (including, but not limited to, credit card information or social security number) with the marketing partner. Finally, if HealthQuoteInsider.com or any of its assets are acquired by or merged with another entity, member information will be one of the transferred assets. If HealthQuoteInsider.com chooses to sell or transfer its assets, HealthQuoteInsider.com may choose to retain a copy of your information post sale or merger. We may provide your information to our various marketing partners that drive consumers to our websites or web pages. They may utilize this information to target the ads they serve to you. When you participate on one of our advertiser forms, or in a telemarketing call we will transfer the information you submitted to the applicable advertiser. We will share your information with service providers who help us enhance your information through appending additional attributes about you. Additionally, HealthQuoteInsider.com will use or disclose your personal information under the following circumstances: (1) in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; (2) in the event you violate or breach an agreement with a HealthQuoteInsider.com website; (3) we believe you will harm the property or rights of an HealthQuoteInsider.com website?s customers; or (4) we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, chargeback resolutions, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law. We may also collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of a HealthQuoteInsider.com website, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular. Information gathered may be used in aggregate form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans. We may share or transfer such aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees and partners.   
Technology  
Some information is collected automatically while you are using a HealthQuoteInsider.com website or on a telemarketing call. It is important to note that HealthQuoteInsider.com must store this information in order to ensure you receive optimal service and appropriate marketing communications from us. This type of information could include: 1. Log Files: HealthQuoteInsider.com uses log files to track member usage and engagement and to gauge the effectiveness of our different services. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the website. Log file information may include, but not limited to: (1) IP Addresses; (2) browser type; (3) number of page views; (4) log-in frequency; and (5) page or section accesses. 2. Cookies: HealthQuoteInsider.com may use cookies, which are electronic pieces of information stored on your computer, to allow us to recognize you when you return to a HealthQuoteInsider.com website and to provide you with customized services and information. 3. Clear Gifs: HealthQuoteInsider.com uses clear gifs, which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier (similar in function to cookies), to track the online movements of the web users. Additionally, we may use pixel tracking technology to track the completion of transactions with us or our advertisers.  
Children  
HealthQuoteInsider.com websites are not intended or designed to attract users under the age of 18. We do not collect personally identifiable data from any person we know to be under the age of 18 and instruct users under 18 not to send us any information. It is possible that by fraud or deception we may receive information pertaining to children under the age of 18. We recognize the unique privacy concerns regarding children. We are committed to carefully protecting privacy where children are involved no matter the point of contact. In particular, our intention is to fully comply with the Children?s Online Privacy Protection Act (?COPPA?). Per COPPA guidelines, we do not knowingly collect PII from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with PII through any point of contact we will delete the information about the child referenced from our files when you contact us.  
Security  
We use procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside of HealthQuoteInsider.com. However, perfect security does not exist on the Internet. Therefore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of your information. You acknowledge and assume this risk when communicating with and providing information to HealthQuoteInsider.com. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which HealthQuoteInsider.com sites or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using a HealthQuoteInsider.com site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.  
Other Links  
| HealthQuoteInsider.com websites may contain links that direct you to websites owned and operated by other companies. HealthQuoteInsider.com does not control, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party websites, which may employ cookies and/or collection personal information. In addition, HealthQuoteInsider.com will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party website that you visit.  
---  
 
