> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the healcon.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141211115445id_/http%3A//healcon.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Healcon.com

**Disclaimer**

Healcon does not provide Prescription, Medical Diagnosis or Treatment of any kind. All the information, content provided on the site is intended to be for informational purposes only, and not a substitute for professional or medical advice. You should always speak with your doctor before you follow anything that you read on this website. Use of this site is subject to our Terms & Conditions. 

**Privacy Statement** We value your privacy. This Privacy Statement describes how we will protect and handle the personal information that you provide to us through our web, mobile and related services. If you do not agree to the terms in this Policy, we kindly ask you to leave the site. 

**Personal Information** The security of your personal information is a top priority for us. We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. Experts design our security measures and we use a variety of technologies and procedures to help protect the security of your personal information from unauthorized access, use and disclosure. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Do not disclose any personally identifiable information not limited to your Healcon profile page which is accessible only by you. The data that you enter in any part of Healcon website, except your profile page, will be accessible by other people looking for same data. The data entered by you can be seen by doctors, technical members and maintenance team of Healcon. Healcon does not have any Non disclosure agreement with these concerned parties on the data entered by the user. Healcon may use the information you submit or write at Healcon to study results and produce reports. Such information may be shared with Healcon partners and advertisers under the sole discretion of Healcon 

**Legal Issues** In case of any legal investigation, Healcon will have the right to share your information with the law enforcement authorities. Healcon will not be liable for more than $100 under any circumstances. External Links Healcon website contains links to other sites. Please observe that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website collecting personally identifiable information Email Policy Healcon has a strict ‘No Spam’ policy. We don’t share email address of our users for marketing purpose. The email address entered when you log into Healcon is not visible to anyone but you. We will be sending emails at the email ids provided by you and we will be making calls on the phone numbers provided by you if required. In case you have given a wrong email id or wrong phone number for correspondence, Healcon will not be responsible for the information loss or privacy loss due to the message going to an another destination. We may occasionally update this Privacy Statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last modified" date at the top of the Privacy Statement. For extremely important changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you either by placing a prominent notice on the home page of Healcon or by sending you an email notification and/or a Message. Your use of site is subjected to our Privacy Policy and Terms of conditions. If you do not agree to this we request you not to use this portal 

Introduction to Healcon Healcon is a connected healthcare network to connect to various experts for your answers. It is also an information portal to search for relevant medical information. Healcon provides you with information to share with your doctor and support your health decisions. Is Healcon safe & secure? Any interaction between users and doctors remains private and is not visible to any other site member. Healcon uses GoDaddy’s 256 bit encryption level security certificates to secure the website. Will I ever receive Spam from Healcon? No. We have a strict “NO-SPAM” policy. We don’t share email address of our users for marketing purpose. The email address entered when you log into Healcon is not visible to anyone but you. 

What is a dashboard? Dashboard is visible once user login to Healcon network. Dashboard gives users a platform to view the answers given by our experts to user’s questions. How do paid questions and answers work on Healcon? For a small fee, you can ask a question to a specific Medical Expert on Healcon. The doctor has a limited period of time to respond. These questions are private (not visible on Healcon to other members or doctors) and secure. The doctor you ask the question to will be able to see information provided by user Do you sell Personally Identifiable Information? No. Your identity is safe with us and is not for sale. We do not sell Personally Identifiable Information. Is my personal information secure? The security of your personal information is a top priority for us. We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. Experts design our security measures and we use a variety of technologies and procedures to help protect the security of your personal information from unauthorized access, use and disclosure. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

How do you use cookies? We use cookies to enable you to sign in. Using cookies simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and allows you to retrieve the information you previously provided, so that you can easily use the site's features. All browser Cookies we use are encrypted. We link the information we store in session cookies to personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline some or all cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline all cookies, you may not be able to use interactive features of this or other web sites that depend on cookies. If this Privacy Statement ever changes how will I know? We may occasionally update this Privacy Statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last modified" date at the top of the Privacy Statement. For extremely important changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you either by placing a prominent notice on the home page of Healcon or by sending you an email notification and/or a Message. How can I contact you? We welcome your comments regarding this Privacy Statement, including notice if you believe that we have not adhered to it; please contact us by using this form or by email – support@healcon.com 

  

