> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the healthfusion.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180213011605id_/http%3A//www.healthfusion.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - HealthFusion

HealthFusion is committed to respecting the privacy of all of our website visitors and customers. This website is designed and administered to protect your privacy and to comply with all related state and federal laws and industry best practices.

### What kind of information does this website passively collect?

Information about the computer system that the individual is using to access the Internet such as IP address, domain name, browser type, or operating system is collected by this website. This information is transmitted whenever a Web browser is used to view the Internet, is routinely gathered by Web servers across the Internet, and does not contain any personally identifying information.

### What kind of information may this website request as part of normal usage, such as the registration process or a request to schedule a software demo?

  * Information that allows an individual or company to be contacted in the physical world, such as a telephone number, or a postal address
  * Information that allows an individual to be contacted or located on the Internet, such as an email address or company website
  * Information generated by the purchase of a product or service.



### Why is this information collected?

  * Information may be used to analyze Web traffic and usage patterns.
  * Information may be used for the technical support of the website, its users, and its computer systems.
  * Information may be used to facilitate use of HealthFusion Services (to complete the activity for which it was provided).
  * Information may be used to improve, customize or target marketing and promotional materials (based on your provided preferences and in compliance with related junk fax and CAN-SPAM laws and best practices for self-governance as prescribed by the United States Federal Trade Commission).



### Who has access to this information?

Access is limited to this website, entities for which it is acting as an agent, and/or entities acting as its agent. An agent in this instance is defined as a third party that processes data only for the completion of the stated purpose.

### Does this website place any personal data on my computer or gather any personal data from my computer?

  * This website does not gather any personal information from your computer.
  * This website does not place any personal information on your computer.
  * This website does place a temporary “Cookie” on your computer in order to maintain your session across the various servers supporting HealthFusion Services. This cookie is a common text information file comprised of randomly generated characters that your Web browser places on your computer when you visit any website. Cookies contain no personal information.



### What about links to third party websites on this website?

This policy is only applicable to this website. Any links that are provided on this website to third party websites that results in traffic leaving this website’s domain are not governed by this privacy policy. For information on third party websites’ privacy policies, please contact the relevant third party website.

### What about online advertisements on third party websites such as banner ads, text ads and other forms of marketing and promotion that lead to this website?

Any links clicked or information provided to third party websites or web servers that then deliver traffic to this website may or may not have their own tracking technologies and privacy policies in place and are not covered by this privacy policy. For information on third party websites’ privacy policies, please contact the relevant third party website.

### How can you request to have your contact information deleted from this website’s database(s) and records?

If you are a patient of one of our providers and you receive emails related to the YourHealthFile patient portal:

  * Please contact your provider’s office. You **may not** opt out by contacting a HealthFusion representative.



If you are a subscriber or licensed user of any of HealthFusion’s products or services:

  * The ability to receive emails from HealthFusion is integral to our ability to communicate with your practice and a requirement for all subscribers and users. If you feel that you are receiving inappropriate emails please contact HealthFusion customer care by phone or email.



If you are not either a patient of one of the practices that subscribes to the HealthFusion system, or a subscriber to the HealthFusion system you may opt-out of receiving any future email, phone, fax or mail communications from HealthFusion, Inc. using any of the following methods:

  * By sending an email to [optout@HealthFusion.com](mailto:optout@HealthFusion.com?subject=UNSUBSCRIBE "optout@HealthFusion.com") with the subject UNSUBSCRIBE. Please include your name or the name of your company as well as your relevant email, phone number, fax number and/or mailing address in the email.
  * By sending an opt-out request via US mail to HealthFusion, Inc, ATTN: Privacy Matters, 100 N. Rios Avenue, Solana Beach, CA 92075. Please include your name or the name of your company as well as your relevant email, phone number, fax number and/or mailing address in the letter.



### Other Notices

This website is intended for individuals over the age of 18 and is not intended to collect any information from individuals under the age of 18. If you are not 18 or more years of age, please leave this site immediately.

HealthFusion, Inc. reserves the right to share your information with third parties if required to do so by law or if we believe such action is necessary in order to: (a) conform with the requirements of the law or to comply with legal process served upon us; (b) protect or defend our legal rights or property, HealthFusion.com, or our users; or (c) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of the terms and conditions of using HealthFusion.com or related HealthFusion Services (please refer to the [HealthFusion User Agreement](https://web.archive.org/web/20180213011605id_/http%3A//www.healthfusion.com/user-agreement) for more information).

If you use a bulletin board, chat room, forum, or blog comments feature on this website, you should be aware that any information you share is visible to other users. Personally identifiable information you submit to one of these forums can be read, collected, or used by other individuals to send you unsolicited messages. HealthFusion, Inc. is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.

In the event HealthFusion, Inc. undergoes a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information will likely be among the assets transferred.

HealthFusion, Inc. reserves the right to change this policy at any time and without notice. Please check back to this page for updates to this policy. If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact HealthFusion by email at [Privacy@HealthFusion.com](mailto:privacy@healthfusion.com?subject=RE:%20HealthFusion%27s%20Privacy%20Policy).
