> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hearsaysocial.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190531090232id_/https%3A//hearsaysystems.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Hearsay Systems

**Notice: We updated our Privacy Policy on November 20, 2018.** To view our archived privacy policies, please visit: [2017 Archived Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy-2017), [2016 Archived Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy-2016) or [2015 Archived Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/archived-privacy-policy)

Hearsay Social, Inc. doing business as Hearsay Systems, is a web-based software platform that allows financial services professionals to utilize electronic communications channels (such as social media, websites, email, mobile voice and text message) to communicate with clients and prospects in a compliant manner. We gather information about our users and those that interact with our products and services in order to provide a better, more focused experience. For this Privacy Policy, the words “our,” “us,” “we,” and “Hearsay” refer to Hearsay Social, Inc., doing business as Hearsay Systems, and our affiliates (which includes any person or entity that controls us, is controlled by us, or is under common control with us, such as our subsidiary, parent company, or our employees). The Following Privacy Shield principles applies to all 4 sections listed below. Hearsay’s data centers are located in the United States and by using our Services, interacting with our Websites, or otherwise providing your personal data to us, your personal data will be transferred to and processed in the United States. For EU individuals, Hearsay complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to respective Privacy Shields. Hearsay has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit <https://www.privacyshield.gov/>. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Hearsay is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. This privacy policy is separated into four sections:

  1. Our Website. This section describes the type of data collected from our publicly-accessible website [https://hearsaysystems.com](http://https//hearsaysystems.com).
  2. Our Marketing Activities. From time to time, Hearsay will reach out to you in a variety of ways to tell you about products, services and other information we believe is relevant to you.
  3. Our Services. This section describes the type of data collected from our software-as-a-solution applications and other services that we provide to our customers and users. In order to use our software-as-solution applications, you must have a user account and password through a sponsoring organization.
  4. Communication. This section outlines how we communicate changes to this Privacy Policy, as well as how you may contact us regarding any questions or issues with respect to anything contained within this Privacy Policy.



This Privacy Policy is currently only provided in English. If you are purchasing a product or service from Hearsay, where this Privacy Policy incorporated into your contract, please contact Hearsay directly for a translation of this Privacy Policy.

Below is a description of what data we gather from you as a visitor to our various publicly-accessible websites, which includes https://hearsaysystems.com, and other websites where this Privacy Policy is posted. For ease, we will call all these publicly-accessible websites collectively the “Hearsay Website” for short. The Hearsay Website does not include our account portal, https://my.hearsaysocial.com/, or other access to our Services that you get when you sign up for an account with Hearsay. Information about data collected through the account portal (and other data collected as a consequence of having an account) are located in Section III “Services” below. In this section, “You” may refer to an individual, company or other entity visiting the Hearsay Website. Before you submit any information on or through the Hearsay Website, please carefully review this notice. By using any part of the Hearsay Website, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure and sharing of your information as further outlined below in this notice.

## What data we collect, how we collect it and why

_You may give us data directly_. On some places on the Hearsay Website, you can fill in a web form to share your data (i.e., name, e-mail address, address, phone number, etc.) with us directly, such as on our “[Contact Us](https://hearsaysystems.com/contact/)” page, on our “[Request a Demo](https://hearsaysystems.com/request-a-demo/)” page, or on our [blog](https://10s7rk1sjlds1cylpm4fav81-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/blog/) home page. We collect the information you provide in response to those web forms. Occasionally, we may also offer opportunities for you to share your data with us such as through a survey, to sign up for a newsletter, or to register for or receive details about an event we are sponsoring. If you participate in those surveys, sign up for a newsletter, or register for an event, we will collect the information you provide to us in doing so. _We may collect information about you automatically_. When you visit the Hearsay Website, we and our service providers acting on our behalf automatically collect certain data using tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. These technologies are used to help us better understand visitor and user behavior and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of our Hearsay Website. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. We use cookies to record current session information. We also use third party cookies (e.g. Google Analytics) to provide anonymized and aggregated information on website usage statistics and patterns. Learn more about cookies, and how we use them, in the Cookies section of this Privacy Policy.

## What we use your data for

_Data you give us directly_. For data that you give to us directly, such as on our “[Contact Us](https://hearsaysystems.com/contact/)” page, on our “[Request a Demo](https://hearsaysystems.com/request-a-demo/)” page, or on our [blog](https://10s7rk1sjlds1cylpm4fav81-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/blog/) home page, we will use that data to formulate a response to your inquiry and contact you with our response. _Data we collect automatically_. For data that we collect from you automatically through tracking technologies, we use this data to understand the behavior of visitors when engaging with the Hearsay Website. This helps us understand how we can improve our Website and track performance of our advertisements. In addition, tracking technologies are used to help improve the navigation experience on the Hearsay Website. For more details on our use of cookies and tracking technologies, go to the Cookies section of this Privacy Policy.

## Who we may share your data with

Unless you explicitly give us instructions not to share or collect data, we will share data we collect from you with third parties as described below:

  * Third-party service providers or consultants. We may share data collected from you on the Hearsay Website with third-party service providers or consultants who need access to the data to perform their work on Hearsay’s behalf, such as a website analytics company or our third party advertising partners. These third party service providers are limited to only accessing or using this data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances that they will appropriately safeguard the data.
  * Compliance with Laws. We may disclose your data to a third party if (i) we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or government request (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements), (ii) to enforce our agreements and policies, (iii) to protect the security or integrity of the Hearsay Website or our services and products, (iv) to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, or (v) to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury. If Hearsay is required by law to disclose any of your data that directly identifies you, then we will use reasonable efforts to provide you with notice of that disclosure requirement, unless we are prohibited from doing so by statute, subpoena or court or administrative order. Further, we object to requests that we do not believe were issued properly.
  * Affiliates. We may share data collected from you from the Hearsay Website with our affiliates. We all will only use the data as described in this notice.
  * Business transfers. If we go through a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, data we gather from you through the Hearsay Website may be part of the assets transferred or shared in connection with due diligence for any such transaction. Any acquirer or successor of Hearsay may continue to use the data we collect from you through the Hearsay Website as described in this Privacy Policy.
  * Aggregated or de-identified data. We might also share data collected from you from the Hearsay Website with a third party if that data has been de-identified or aggregated in a way that does not directly identify you.



We do not share your data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, unless you give us your consent to do so.

## Information from Children

We do not knowingly collect any personal information directly from children under the age of 13. If we discover we have received any personal information from a child under the age of 13 in violation of this Policy, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe we have any information from or about anyone under the age of 13, please contact us at [privacy@hearsaycorp.com](mailto:privacy@hearsaycorp.com).

## How we secure your data

We use appropriate security measures to protect the security of your data both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect, process and store and the current state of technology. Please note, though, that no website or internet transmission is completely secure, so while we strive to protect your data, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or a data breach will never occur.

## How we treat Do-Not-Track Signals

Certain internet web browsers allow a “do not track” (DNT) setting that relies on a technology known as a DNT header, which sends a signal to websites visited by the individual about the individual’s browser DNT setting. At this time, we do not currently respond to DNT signals, whether that signal is received on a computer or on a mobile device. Learn more about DNT [here](https://allaboutdnt.com/).

We market our company, products and services in a variety of methods. Below is a description of what data we gather from you, and how we use data given to us, as part of these marketing activities. In this section, “You” may refer to a variety of people, including

  * Individuals, entities and others who have no relationship with Hearsay, and Hearsay has acquired data about them through a third party (“Leads”)
  * Individuals, entities or others who have contacted Hearsay or other inquired about Hearsay’s products or services (“Prospects”)
  * Individuals, entities or others who use Hearsay’s products and services (“Users”)



If there are special terms and considerations, we will address the individual group by the capitalized term (Lead, Prospect or User). Where terms apply to all groups, we will address the group as “you.”

## What data we collect, how we collect it and why

_You may give us data directly_. You may provide Hearsay directly with your data during a marketing event that Hearsay hosts through a variety of methods: at an event, through email, as part of an online webinar, etc. We collect the information you provide. Occasionally, we may send you future communications, which would require collection of additional information. If you elect to interact with Hearsay, we will collect the information you provide to us in doing so. _We may acquire information about you through a third party_. Hearsay may engage third parties, who provide us with contact information for Leads. When acquiring information from third parties, Hearsay will obtain contractual commitments from the third parties that the information was acquired lawfully and with the appropriate level of consent.

## What we use your data for

Generally, we use all the data that you provide to us or that we collect from you to provide you information about the Services and Hearsay. Communications will contain instructions on how you can opt-out to receive future communications. You may also directly contact Hearsay about its marketing activities. Hearsay may employ third party advertising networks to display advertising about our products on services when you visit other websites within that advertising network. To learn more about which third party advertising networks we use, what advertising cookies are and how they are used, click here.

Below is a description of what data we gather from you as a user of our Services, which you access through our account portal, [https://my.hearsaysocial.com/](http://https//my.hearsaysocial.com/), when you log into your user account with Hearsay. Information about data collected through the Hearsay Website is located in the Section I “Hearsay Website” above. In this section, “You” may refer to a variety of people, including

  * Individuals, entities and others who have entered into a subscription license agreement with Hearsay for the Services (“Customers”)
  * Individuals, entities or others who use the Services (“Users”)
  * Individuals, entities and others who interact with the Services (“End User Contacts”)



If there are special terms and considerations, we will address the individual group by the capitalized term (Customer, User or End User Contacts). Where terms apply to all groups, we will address the group as “you.”

## What data we collect, how we collect it and why

_Customers and Users may give us data directly_. Through the Services, Customers and Users can populate their accounts with information submitted by a Customer or a User to Hearsay, or uploaded by Customer or a User to the Services, that is meant to be used and shared within the Services. Examples of User Content include articles maintained within the content library, logos and other assets uploaded by a User to personalize their webpage. In uploading or submitting this information, Customers and Users must not include any personally identifiable information contained within the uploaded materials. Hearsay may also contact Customers and Users to provide feedback on the Services by email, telephone or other means in order to better understand how Customers and Users use the Services. Some of the questions might include requests to provide certain personally identifiable information, such as name, age, geographic location, etc. Any information gathered by Hearsay will be used solely in connection to improve or expand the Services; however, this may include using this information within 3rd party services that are associated with the Services. Please see our cookies section to better understand how we use performance cookies to improve the Services. _You may give us data through the Service_. You may give us data through the Services in multiple ways. These options are not mutually exclusive to one another: _Customers may have given us data about End User Contacts_. Our Customers maintain their own Privacy Policies on how they collect, retain and share data collected from End User Contacts. In handling User Data about End User Contacts, Hearsay processes and retains information in accordance with those privacy policies. If you are an End User Contact, you may have been directed to review this Privacy Policy by one of our Customers in lieu of their own Privacy Policy. In this case, any data about you as an End User Contact will be processed and maintained as if it were User Data. Please read the sections regarding processing and retention of User Data for additional details. _Users and End User Contacts may give us data by interacting with the Services_. Hearsay allows Users to connect certain digital assets such as social media accounts, email addresses and telephone numbers to the Services in order to communicate with End User Contacts. Hearsay uses that connected information in order to collect information about the End User Contact, depending on the level of permission. For instance, when using social media networks, if Hearsay is allowed to collect social media activity about the End User Contact, Hearsay will collect such information and present a summary of this information to the User. In the case of text message correspondence, Hearsay may collect, store and retain the telephone number of the End User Contact, call history with the End User Contact, and any contents of a text message that an End User Contact made in text message communications with the User. Any User Data that a User or an End User Contact submits to the Services will be captured and retained by Hearsay as part of the Services. _You may give us data automatically_. Certain Customers integrate their customer relationship management (CRM) systems with the Services. When this happens, Hearsay receives any information about Users and End User Contacts that a Customer has collected and wishes to share with Hearsay. Hearsay will use this information within the Service to enable certain functionality (e.g., populating email contacts from a CRM will allow a User to utilize email functionality), or use insights in order to recommend certain actions (e.g., based on a combination of activity documented in CRM and the Services with an End User Contact, a User might receive a recommendation to make a future communication with the same End User Contact). Additionally, when you use the Services, we and our service providers acting on our behalf automatically collect certain data using tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. These technologies are used to help us better understand user behavior and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of the Services. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. We use cookies to record current session information. We also use third party cookies (e.g. Google Analytics) to provide anonymized and aggregated information on website usage statistics and patterns. Hearsay uses web beacons with cookies or separately to compile information about your engagement with the Company. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. Learn more about web beacons, and how we use them in the “Cookies” section of our privacy policy. _We may collect publicly available information about Users and End User Contacts_. In order to better understand Users and provide a better experience, Hearsay creates various “profiles” within the Services, in order to provide more targeted content and suggest action items for a User to take within the Services. “Profiles” are not composites of personal information nor based on actual individuals, but are common characteristics identified by Hearsay to describe certain behaviors or preferences. In order to make recommendations or suggest content, Hearsay endeavors to find out more about its Users and End User Contacts. When building these “profiles,” Hearsay may retain third parties to collect publicly available information about Users. This information may include your industry, the size of your office, and your online directory listing, to help Hearsay understand more about our customer base and to tailor information we send you about the Services. _We may acquire anonymized aggregated data that relate to You_. Hearsay has developed proprietary algorithms that monitor all communications and transactions that occur within the Services. Hearsay may also engage third parties to perform data analysis on data sets provided by Hearsay in order to improve Hearsay’s algorithms. The purpose of these algorithms is to identify patterns of behavior, either unique to a User or to defined categories of people, which may enhance a User’s use of the Services. Any data created or identified within an algorithm does not identify the activity of an individual User or End User Contacts. For example, the Services may identify that a User’s social media network contacts are most active between the hours of 10 AM to 12 PM on weekdays, and would therefore recommend a User to schedule social media posts during this time. The Services algorithms gather this information based on the volume activity occurring within this network; this recommendation, or any data associated with this recommendation, would not identify the posting habits of any individual End User Contact or a User. For text message communication, the Services may suggest prepopulated quick replies to certain text messages. The Services algorithms make these suggestions based on gathered information of previous replies and conversations. Additionally, Hearsay may also collect information relating to the industry that a User is associated with: acquiring data sets about certain financial services industries, reviewing census results to identify purchasing habits of consumers, etc. The purpose of acquiring this information is to provide more information and insight for the User when using the Services.

## What we use your data for

Generally, we use all the data that you provide to us or that we collect from you to provide the Services to you, to enable you to access and use the Services, to deliver your communications to their intended destination, and to analyze your use of the Services, to improve, enhance and expand our products and services, and to detect fraudulent or unlawful activity in connection with your Hearsay account.

## Who we may share your data with

Unless you give us your permission, we won’t share your User Data with third parties, except as described below:

  * External Services. The Services allow you to send or receive communications to End User Contacts through social media, email and text messaging communications. If you send communications through the Services, Hearsay will deliver those communications to third parties in order for the End User Contact to share and receive those communications. We call these third party delivery networks “External Services.” Examples of External Services include Facebook, Twitter, Google+ (for social media), Amazon Web Services (for website hosting), Sendgrid (for email delivery), and Twilio (for text messaging). How these External Services handle your communications once that information is handed off to the External Service network is determined their own policies.
  * Third-party service providers or consultants. We may share data collected from you through the Services with third-party service providers or consultants who need access to the data to perform their work on Hearsay’s behalf. These third party service providers are limited to only accessing or using this data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances that they will appropriately safeguard any data provided by Hearsay.
  * Regulatory Audits. Hearsay is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Telecommunications activity performed by Hearsay is regulated and overseen by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and various state public utility commissions. We may disclose your data pertaining to a regulatory audit conducted by these entities as well as oversight organizations for the financial services industry, such as FINRA, SEC, or similar state and international regulators. When responding to a financial services regulatory audit, we will first contact Customer before disclosing any such information. The Customer would be responsible for contact any Users or End User Contacts as part of the regulatory audit.
  * Compliance with Laws. We may disclose your data to a third party if (i) we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or government request (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements), (ii) to enforce our agreements and policies, (iii) to protect the security or integrity of the Hearsay Website or our services and products, (iv) to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, or (v) to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury. If Hearsay is required by law to disclose any of your data that directly identifies you, then we will use reasonable efforts to provide you with notice of that disclosure requirement, unless we are prohibited from doing so by statute, subpoena or court or administrative order. Further, we object to requests that we do not believe were issued properly.
  * Affiliates. We may share data collected from you from the Services with our affiliates. We all will only use the data as described in this notice.
  * Business transfers. If we go through a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, data we gather from you through the Services may be part of the assets transferred or shared in connection with due diligence for any such transaction. Any acquirer or successor of Hearsay may continue to use the data we collect from you through the Services as described in this Privacy Policy.
  * Aggregated or de-identified data. We might also share data collected from you from the Hearsay Website with a third party if that data has been de-identified or aggregated in a way that does not directly identify you.
  * Value Added Partners. Certain Customers may have purchased certain services from third parties who have a partnership relationship with Hearsay and are authorized to access the Services. Hearsay will allow the value added partner access your Services account if Customer has given the requisite permission. This access may include being able to read all your customer data, including User Data.
  * In cases of onward transfer to third parties of data of EU and Swiss individuals received pursuant to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, Hearsay is potentially liable.



## How we tell you about changes to our privacy practices

We may periodically update this policy. We will notify you about material changes (e.g. material changes to the use of your personal information) in this Privacy Policy by placing a prominent notice on our website. We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this notice.

## How to make choices about your data

_Website_. How you make choices about cookies and other tracking technologies depends on the type of cookie or tracking technology being used. For details on how to manage your preferences for cookies and tracking technologies within your web browser, please re-read Section I of this Privacy Policy. _Marketing Activities_. If you are receiving promotional emails from us, you can choose to stop receiving those by following the unsubscribe/opt-out instructions in those emails. You can also opt-out by contacting customer support at [support@hearsaycorp.com](mailto:support@hearsaycorp.com). _Our Services_. To request deletion of, access to, or to make changes to data we’ve collected from you via the Services, email us at [privacy@hearsaycorp.com](mailto:privacy@hearsaycorp.com). Please note that even if you request that we delete data we’ve collected from you, we may still retain data collected from you in an aggregated or anonymized form that does not identify you. We also will not delete your data if we are legally required to maintain it.

## How to resolve disputes relating to our privacy practices

Any individual who has a dispute with us relating to our privacy practices may contact our customer support at [support@hearsaycorp.com](mailto:support@hearsaycorp.com) or email us at [privacy@hearsaycorp.com](mailto:privacy@hearsaycorp.com). Most disputes can be resolved that way. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Hearsay commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. European Union and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Hearsay at: Attn: Director of Legal Hearsay Systems, Inc. 185 Berry St, Suite 3800 San Francisco, CA 94107 United States of America [privacy@hearsaycorp.com](mailto:privacy@hearsaycorp.com) Hearsay has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS Privacy Shield Program, an alternative dispute resolution provider. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not resolved your complaint, please contact or visit [https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield](http://https//www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield) for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS Privacy Shield Program are provided at no cost to you. Hearsay will cooperate with the United States Federal Trade Commissions and any data protection authorities of the EU Member States (“DPAs”) and/or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (“Commissioner”) in the investigation and resolution of complaints that cannot be resolved between Hearsay and the complainant that are brought to a relevant DPA. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website [https://www. privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint](http://https//www.%20privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint), you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolutions procedures have been exhausted.

## How you contact us

Any questions about this Privacy Policy or requests for access to or deletion or rectification of data should be addressed to [privacy@hearsaycorp.com](mailto:privacy@hearsaycorp.com) or by mail at: Attn: Legal Department Hearsay Systems, Inc. 185 Berry St. Suite 3800 San Francisco, CA 94107 United States of America

When you visit the Hearsay Website or use the Services, we and our service providers acting on our behalf automatically collect certain data using tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. These technologies are used to help us better understand user behavior and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of our Hearsay Website and Services. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. We use cookies to record current session information. We also use third party cookies (e.g. Google Analytics) to provide anonymized and aggregated information on website usage statistics and patterns. All modern Internet browsers allow you to control your cookie settings. These settings are usually accessed in the ‘Options’ or ‘Preferences’ section of your browser. On your mobile device, go to Settings, then go to the specific web-browser, and then to the Cookies section. Please note that certain features of the website will not be available once cookies are disabled. For further information about cookies and how to manage them, please visit [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/). Hearsay uses web beacons with cookies or separately to compile information about your engagement with us. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. Here is a basic description and overview of the type of cookies Hearsay uses: 

Cookie Type | Description | Management Setting  
---|---|---  
_Required Cookies_ | Required cookies make it possible for you to access the Services, navigate within the Services, and access information related to y our account. Each time you log into the Services, a cookie containing an encrypted, unique identifier that is tied to your account is placed on your browser. These cookies allow Hearsay to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the Services and to process your requests. | Required cookies are necessary to operate the account portal, so you can’t opt out of them.  
_Functionality Cookies_ | Functionality cookies allow the Hearsay Website and Services to remember information you have entered or preferences you select, and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies allow you to optimize your use of the Services after logging in. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to the portions of your account that you can customize. | You can use your browser settings to opt out of functionality cookies. For more information on how to do that, click [here](http://www.aboutcookies.org/). Note that opting out may affect the functionality of our Site or Services for you.  
_Third party service providers that currently place functionality cookies within the Services or Hearsay Website include:_  
| Twitter: We use Twitter to publish certain activities conducted within the Services. |   
| Facebook: We use Facebook to publish certain activities conducted within the Services. | Learn more about Facebook’s data policy [here](https://www.facebook.com/policy.php).  
| LinkedIn: We use LinkedIn to publish certain activities conducted within the Services. | Learn more about LinkedIn’s Privacy Policy [here](https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy).  
| Google+: We use Google+ to publish certain activities conducted within the Services. | Learn more about Google’s Privacy Policy [here](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/).  
_Performance Cookies_ | These cookies collect data about how visitors use the Hearsay Website or Services. This includes data like which pages visitors go to the most. These cookies don’t collect information that individually identifies visitors. The data these cookies collect is aggregated and intended to be anonymous and used to improve how the site functions and performs. |   
_Third party service providers that currently place performance cookies within the Services or Hearsay Website include:_  
| Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to help analyze page statistics and user behavior to the Hearsay Website and Services. | For information on how to opt-out of tracking technologies from Google Analytics, [click here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=None).  
| Heap Analytics: We use Heap Analytics to help analyze page statistics and user behavior within the Services. | For information on Heap Analytics’ privacy policy, click [here](https://heapanalytics.com/privacy).  
| Optimizely: We use Optimizely to optimize page content on the Hearsay Website and Services. | For information on how to opt-out of tracking technologies from Optimizely, click [here](https://www.optimizely.com/opt_out/).  
| New Relic Systems: We use New Relic to help analyze website page performance | For information on New Relic’s cookie policy, click [here](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/page-load-timing-resources/new-relic-cookies).  
| AppCues: We use AppCues to help analyze user behavior within the Services. | For information on Appcues’ privacy policy, click [here](https://www.appcues.com/privacy).  
| Mixpanel: We use Mixpanel to help analyze user behavior within the Services. | For information on Mixpanel’s privacy policy, click [here](https://www.appcues.com/privacy).  
_Advertising Cookies_ | Hearsay may have third party service providers track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from those who visit the Hearsay Website and Services. Hearsay sometimes uses cookies placed by its third party service providers to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the Hearsay Websites or the Services. This data given to the third party service providers does not include information that identifies you specifically, but this data may be re-associated with information that identifies you specifically after Hearsay receives it. | To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the [Your Online Choices page](http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices), the [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) page, and the [Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) page. These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Hearsay. We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.  
_Third party service providers that currently place advertising cookies within the Services or Hearsay Website include:_  
| Adroll: We use Adroll to track how you use the Hearsay Website and Services to help us target ads to you on other websites. | To opt-out of Adroll tracking technologies, click [here](http://info.evidon.com/pub_info/573?v=1&nt=1&nw=false).  
| Marketo: We use Marketo for marketing automation and lead management. | For information on how to opt-out of Marketo tracking technologies, click [here](http://legal.marketo.com/cookies/).  
| Casale Media: We use Casale Media to track how you use the Hearsay Website and Services to help us target ads to you on other websites. | For information on how to opt-out of the Casale technologies, click [here](http://casalemedia.com/).  
| Adtech: We use Adtech to track how you use the Hearsay Website and Services to help us target ads to you on other websites. | For information on how to opt-out of Adtech tracking technologies, click [here](http://privacy.aol.com/).  
| Pubmatic: We use Pubmatic to track how you use the Hearsay Website and Services to help us target ads to you on other websites. | For information on how to opt-out of Pubmatic tracking technologies, click [here](https://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/).  
| DoubleClick: We use DoubleClick to track how you use the Hearsay Website and Services to help us target ads to you on other websites. | For information on how to opt-out of DoubleClick tracking technologies, click [here](https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated).  
| Bidswitch: We use Bidswitch to track how you use the Hearsay Website and Services to help us target ads to you on other websites. | For information on how to opt-out of the BidSwitch tracking technologies, click [here](http://www.iponweb.com/privacy-policy/).  
| Rubicon Project: We use Rubicon Project to track how you use the Hearsay Website and Services to help us target ads to you on other websites. | For information on how to opt-out of the Rubicon Project tracking technologies, click [here](http://rubiconproject.com/privacy/consumer-online-profile-and-opt-out/).  
| Tower Data (rlcdn.com): We use rlcdn.com to track how you use the Hearsay Website and Services to help us target ads to you on other websites. | For information on how to opt-out of the rlcdn.com tracking technologies, click [here](http://www.towerdata.com/company/privacy_policy).  
| OpenX: We use OpenX to track how you use the Hearsay Website and Services to help us target ads to you on other websites. | For information on how to opt-out of the OpenX tracking technologies, click [here](https://www.openx.com/legal/privacy-policy/).  
| Taboola: We use Taboola to track how you use the Hearsay Website and Services to help us target ads to you on other websites. | For information on how to opt-out of the Taboola tracking technologies, click [here](https://www.taboola.com/cookie-policy).  
  
The above table lists some third party service providers that Hearsay currently uses. This table is subject to change and is not does not necessarily include all third party service providers that Hearsay uses at any given time. If you have any questions, our full contact information is listed here, or contact us at [privacy@hearsaycorp.com](mailto:privacy@hearsaycorp.com).
