> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the runkeeper.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-09-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160902012154id_/https%3A//runkeeper.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Runkeeper | Privacy Policy - Runkeeper

Last updated March 2, 2016; effective April 1, 2016 ( [Previous policy](https://web.archive.org/privacypolicy?showUpdatedPolicy=false) )

#### Our Policy

Through the Runkeeper.com website and related mobile application, FitnessKeeper, Inc. ("FitnessKeeper", "us", "we" or "our") may provide you with access to varied user-generated and other content and interactive and informational resources (collectively, "Services"). This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies with respect to information including personally identifiable data ("Personal Data") and other information that is collected from you when using the Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference in the Runkeeper.com End User Terms of Use, which govern your use of the Services.

#### Information We Collect

When you interact with us through the Services, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:

_Personal Data That You Provide Through the Services:_  We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily choose to provide such information such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to the Services or use certain Services. Such information may include, among other things, your name, contact information, gender, birth date, weight, and height, as well as information about friends you invite to the app. This data may be combined with other information collected through the app or through the wearable devices or online services that you associate with the app, including details about your exercise activities (e.g., distance, pace, heart rate, calories burned, and location). Wherever we collect Personal Data we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy. By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data through the Services, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to our offices and servers or those of our affiliates or contractors located in the United States and other countries. However, we will cease using your Personal Data once you cancel or terminate your registration for the Services.

Location Data

The Services include various location-based features, such as mapping outdoor fitness activities. To provide these location-based features, FitnessKeeper and our partners and licensees may collect, use and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your mobile device. For some third-party partners, such as Google, this information will be shared automatically. For others, such as HealthGraph API and Facebook, this information will only be shared with your explicit permission or if you choose to share it.

Other Information

When you utilize the Services, we may receive certain additional information about you or your use of the Services that we do not use to identify you personally. Such information may be collected passively using various technologies, or via submission of data by fitness devices you have configured to work with the Services. We may store such information ourselves, or it may be included in databases owned and maintained by our affiliates, agents or service providers. We may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to the Services, the number of visitors to each page of the Services, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. 

_Log data:_  When you use the Services, we automatically receive and record certain information from your computer, mobile phone, tablet, or other device. This may include data such as your IP address, the pages you visit or features you use within the Services, the date and time of your activities on the Services, the URLs from the websites you visit before and after navigating to the Services, your software and hardware attributes (including operating system type and version, App version, device type, and device identifiers, including IDFA and/or Advertising IDs), your browser type and version, and your general geographic location derived through your IP address ( _e.g._ , your city, state, or metropolitan region). To obtain such information, we may use web logs or applications that recognize your device and gather information about its online activity.

_Cookies:_ In providing the Services, we may use cookies. Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer, mobile phone, or other device by your web browser. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Services and help us analyze usage of the Services more accurately. For instance, our Services may set a cookie on your browser that keeps you from needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the site. Cookies also can be used to collect information about your use of the Services during your current session and over time (including the web pages you view and the files you download), the operating system and browser type of your computer or other device, your Internet service provider, your domain name and IP address, your general geographic location, the website that you visited before the Services, and the link you used to leave the Services.  In addition to cookies used by FitnessKeeper, we occasionally permit third parties to set cookies, too (see below).  On most web browsers, you will find a "help" section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to refuse some or all cookies, or to delete existing cookies from your device. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Services' features.

_Web beacons:_  The Services or the emails that you receive from us may use an application known as a “web beacon” (also known as a “clear gif” or “pixel tag”). A web beacon is an electronic file that usually consists of a single-pixel image. It can be embedded in a web page or in an email to transmit information, which could include Personal Information. For example, it allows an email sender to determine whether a user has opened a particular email.  In addition to web beacons used by FitnessKeeper, we occasionally permit third parties to set web beacons, too (see below).  

_Collaboration with third-party data collectors:_  We also may partner with certain third parties to collect, analyze, and use some of the information described in this section. For example, we may allow third parties to set cookies or use web beacons or other tracking mechanisms (such as tags or scripts) on the Services or in email communications from us, or we may allow third parties to use an application software development kit (SDK) or a server-to-server connection to collect information. An SDK is a section of code that we embed in our mobile app to allow third parties to collect information about how users interact with the app, and a server-to-server connection enables us to exchange data with third parties when an SDK integration is not feasible or practical. The information collected by third parties using these technologies may be used for a variety of purposes, including analytics and targeted interest-based advertising, as discussed below (see the section entitled “Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information”).

_De-Identified Personal Data:_  In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, we may conduct research on our end users’ demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research does not identify you personally. We may share this de-identified data with our affiliates, agents and business partners. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics (which also do not identify you) in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.

#### Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information

We will use the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by e-mail, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to the Services, we will use your Personal Data to provide access to such services and to monitor your use of such services. We may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Services to help us improve the content and functionality of the Services, to better understand our users and to improve the Services. We may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you, including through targeted online interest-based ads.

We will communicate with you through email and notices posted via the Services. These communications may include a series of welcome emails which help inform you about various features of the Services. Please be aware that you will always receive certain emails from us related to the proper functioning of your account. We also may send you promotional emails if you have opted in to receiving them or if you have not opted out of receiving them. If you wish to opt-out of receiving promotional emails at any time, please click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email. Even if you do so, you will continue to receive non-promotional emails with information relevant to the operation of the Services. 

#### Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information

There are certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data and other information with certain third parties without further notice to you, including as set forth below:

_Business Transfers:_  As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event relating to all or a portion of our business or assets, Personal Data or other information may be part of the transferred assets.

_Service Providers, Agents and Related Third Parties:_  We sometimes hire other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we may need to provide them with access to certain Personal Data or other information. However, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function, and these third party service providers will only use your Personal Data to perform the services requested by us.

_Legal Requirements:_  We may also disclose your Personal Data or other information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.

_Analytics:_  We partner with certain third parties to collect the other information discussed above and to engage in analysis, auditing, research, and reporting. These third parties may use web logs or web beacons, and they may set and access cookies or use similar tracking technologies on your computer or other device. In particular, our Services use AppsFlyer and Localytics to help collect and analyze certain information for the purposes discussed above. Information about these services and how you may opt out of certain activities is available [here](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/&sa=D&ust=1456967327923000&usg=AFQjCNH6EZfwfx0GK2V4KNpPsF4eObrn0Q) for AppsFlyer and [here](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.localytics.com/privacy-policy/&sa=D&ust=1456967327924000&usg=AFQjCNHvwl0Z9eTd3jX7IT7wQcI8EEBORw) for Localytics.  

_Online Interest-Based Advertising:_ The Services also enable third-party tracking mechanisms to collect your other information for use in online interest-based advertising. For example, third parties may use the fact that you visited our website or used our mobile app to target online ads for FitnessKeeper services to you on non-FitnessKeeper websites. In addition, our third-party advertising networks might use information about your use of our website or app to help target non-FitnessKeeper advertisements based on your online activity in general. For information about interest-based advertising practices, including privacy and confidentiality, visit the [Network Advertising Initiative website](https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising&sa=D&ust=1456967327925000&usg=AFQjCNF-979G0C5IZS53MZ-u_E_WUH0RAQ) or the [Digital Advertising Alliance website](https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.aboutads.info&sa=D&ust=1456967327926000&usg=AFQjCNHDSnoEEK6PmJwLluhbaiHe9z1McQ).

The use of online tracking mechanisms by third parties is subject to those third parties’ own privacy policies, and not this privacy policy. If you prefer to prevent third parties from setting and accessing cookies on your computer or other device, you may set your browser to block cookies. Additionally, you may remove yourself from the targeted advertising of companies within the Network Advertising Initiative by [opting out here](https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/&sa=D&ust=1456967327927000&usg=AFQjCNEXwLNpFtEFe6V0ocx5Vlq5elPzoA), or of companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance by [opting out here](https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.aboutads.info/choices&sa=D&ust=1456967327928000&usg=AFQjCNHXl_dOECc4-G206p4lr55ojlTIrg). In the case of DoubleClick and DoubleClick Floodlight (which are owned by Google), you can adjust Google's use of cookies using [Google’s Ads Settings](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads?hl%3Den%26sig%3DACi0TCg3q6nWrptKQOgFAbwaLSi1XeiVNul6p0o5bdZjlvDDdi37UUCrgxfMpkwuQ3UCLqlvJFBPpmq0k0Soxz6sTYAqZGZtPdDkghUecmY5uYSrin3ABJvayxJjzp1QnvNc5k-HWkJn_HBWy-NgkrMdAy_eC1Gno1zRoOnKsyta43q3sIm85-0&sa=D&ust=1456967327929000&usg=AFQjCNGft1LGEw-x8z4pEhS6cZfgzsk3OA). You may also permanently [opt-out](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/plugin?hl%3Den%26sig%3Daci0tcioexdospa8ijfdovmgxr52z5_ciapdi9abwf0np4jqpppy2byj0if3-9zv8zklxemicvwx7l3h5apqjk02fg-gqja3lbq-u7bxyovk29_py_6rvccjpcevv0inurfbuoykw-5oskzre8nh3rngvmefp2yklwnh0yhsrc9tqvgm&sa=D&ust=1456967327930000&usg=AFQjCNH6Lo215nW9-xmMatl2nNEUGX_GAQ) of the DoubleClick cookie.  In the case of MediaMath, you may opt-out [here](https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.mediamath.com/ad-choices-opt-out/&sa=D&ust=1456967327931000&usg=AFQjCNHC25HA7ExCmTfL4Fk8Z7rcIH-6zA). Although our Services currently do not respond to “do not track” browser headers, you can limit tracking through these third-party programs and by taking the other steps discussed above. 

#### Your Choices

You can use the Services without providing any Personal Data, however, you may not be able to use certain features of the Services.

When You sign up for our Services, we ask you to provide Personal Data. If we want to use this Personal Data in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, we will ask for your consent prior to doing so. If we propose to use Personal Data for any purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific notice provided when you sign up for a certain component of our Services, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of our use of your Personal Data for those other purposes. For example, please see the discussion above in the section entitled “Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information,” which discusses how you may opt out of receiving promotional emails.

As discussed in the preceding section (“Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information”), you also may opt out of the use of your non-personal information for targeted interest-based advertising and certain types of analytics. To do so, follow the instructions provided above.

#### Exclusions

This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of our web site, such as bulletin boards (collectively, "Public Areas"), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing services, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, "Unsolicited Information"), including all User Content, as that term is defined in our Terms of Use, that by its nature is accessible or intended to be accessible to other users of the Services. All such Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution. Please also note that any Personal Data or other information you provide to be displayed in your publicly available online profile will be displayed for others to see and thus will not be subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We cannot and will not be responsible for what third parties do with any Personal Data or other information that you choose to make publicly available. As such, we advise that you exercise great care in determining what information you choose to make publicly available through the Services.

#### Children

We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13 and do not target our websites to children under 13. If you are under thirteen, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide Personal Data through any of our Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to us, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.

#### Links to Other Websites

This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may frame or contain references or links to other websites not operated or controlled by us (the "Third Party Services"). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Services. The links from the Services do not imply our review or endorsement of the Third Party Services. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.

#### Security

We take reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. These steps include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store Personal Data. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Services may not be secure. Therefore, you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to us via the Internet.

We restrict access to Personal Data to our employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline if they fail to meet those obligations.

#### Data Integrity

We process Personal Data only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the Personal Data needed to provide or improve our Services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their Personal Data whenever necessary.

#### Enforcement

We regularly review our compliance with this Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or our treatment of Personal Data by contacting us through this web site. When we receive formal written complaints, it is our policy to contact the complainant regarding his or her concerns.

#### Changes to Our Privacy Policy

The Services we offer may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, we reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.

#### Access to Information

We strive to keep your Personal Data accurately recorded. Through the Services, we provide you with access to update your profile and revise Personal Data previously submitted to the Services.

#### Contacting Us

If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Policy or our information practices, please feel free to contact us at any time at [info@runkeeper.com](mailto:info@runkeeper.com).
