> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dublin.ie privacy policy that was archived on 2016-08-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160811163238id_/https%3A//dublin.ie/privacy-policy-cookie-usage) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy & Cookie Usage | Dublin.ie

## Privacy Policy

We, Dublin City Council, respect the rights of our users and do not, as a general rule, collect personal information of any kind. Any personal information that you volunteer will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act, 1988, as amended by the Data Protection (Amendment) Act, 2003. Any information that you provide in this way is used only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.

Where a user voluntarily provides personal information in response to a questionnaire or survey the data will be used for research or analysis purposes only.

For general web browsing no personal information is revealed to us, although certain statistical information is available to us via our internet service provider. 

This information may include:

  * The logical address of the server you are using.
  * The top level domain name from which you access the Internet (for example, .ie, com, .org etc.).
  * The type of browser you are using.
  * The date and time you access the site.
  * The Internet address used to link to the site.



Some of the above information is used to create summary statistics which allow Dublin City Council to assess the number of visitors to the site, identify what pages are accessed most frequently and generally, help Dublin City Council to make the site more user-friendly.

## Usage of Cookies and Google Analytics

Social Media – cookies may be used by some third party sites associated with Dublin City such as Twitter and Facebook. 

Dublin City Council uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).

Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Learn more about the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

Further details on [Google Analytics use of cookies can be found here](http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html).
