> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the slowtwitch.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-04-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160412133402id_/http%3A//www.slowtwitch.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# <:: Welcome to Slowtwitch.com ::>: Privacy Policy

INFORMATION WE GATHER 

The information we gather falls into two categories: 1) personal information you voluntarily supply when you complete a survey, register as a user on our FORUM, enter a contest or provide your e-mail address, and 2) tracking information collected as you navigate through our sites. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION VOLUNTARILY SUPPLIED: 

If you have registered or signed up on Slowtwitch, we will not sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your email address without your permission. This also applies to any information that personally identifies you, except as noted immediately below. 

We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website(s); or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions). 

We do, however, share information about our audience in aggregate form. For example, we may want to know how long the average reader spends on our site, or which pages or features get the most attention. Slowtwitch may perform statistical analyses of readers and their reading patterns for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our subscriber base. We may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising on our Web sites to be targeted, in aggregate, to the users for whom they are most pertinent. 

USE OF COOKIES: 

This Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help us analyze how users use the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on their servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity for us, and providing other services related to Site activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties when required to do so by law, or where third parties process the information for Google. 

This site also collects information for both Facebook and Google Remarketing, which enables third party vendors who participate in Facebook’s Custom Audience program as well as the Google Display Network (inclusive of Google) to show targeted ads on the Internet. Third party vendors, including Facebook and Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to this website. 

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Alternatively, you may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. To opt-out of Facebook’s use of cookies, visit Facebook’s advertising opt-out page. The information generated by the cookie may also be aggregated and accessed by third parties who provide services related to the Site to us. By using this Site, you consent to the processing of such data about you by Google, Facebook and such third parties in the manner and for the purposes set forth above. 

FORUM USE 

Any information you disclose when posting to our FORUM, along with your message board screen name or ID, becomes public, and Slowtwitch has no control over how readers may use or treat what you post or divulge. 

EMAIL CORRESPONDENCE 

If, at any time, you prefer not to receive email newsletters or correspondence from us, simply follow the unsubscribe options at the bottom of each e-mail. 

AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY 

Our Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this Privacy Policy page. 
