> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nittolegends.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071211172841id_/http%3A//nittolegends.com/privacy_policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Nitto 1320 Legends: Privacy Policy - Free Online Drag Racing Game

We only collect this information in the aggregate for statistical purposes which we may share with our Site sponsors. When you visit a page in this Site, we use a technology nicknamed "cookies" to send a small file to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. Our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personally identifiable information to tell us who you are, your screen name or email address. We may, however, retrieve information about a user's hardware and software for authentication, copy protection, account blocking, systems, rules or other site and game management and security purposes. We may also use software programs to gather and assess certain information, including the number of visitors to different sections of this Site, what information is of most and least interest, the need for technical design specifications, and to identify system performance or problem areas. For web site security purposes, and to ensure that this Site remains available to all users, we use software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. 

|  We will not share any personally identifiable information with anyone other than our Site sponsors, but may use the aggregate non-personal information (i.e., information about groups of users that does not reflect individually identifiable users) for auditing, research and analysis purposes to maintain, protect and improve our services. If you do not wish to provide your personally identifiable information for these purposes, you must immediately discontinue further use of this Site, including access to Nitto 1320 Legends.

We offer some services through links to other web sites that may have different privacy and user policies. Cie Studios does not exercise control over these web sites so be sure to read and understand their privacy and other policies. 

Cie Studios or any of our Site sponsors may contact you regarding their products or related services, special events, press releases, or product-specific technical information including security bulletins and notifications of upgrades. You may "opt out" of further promotional contacts at any time, and/or be removed from our mailing list by editing your account on this Site. However, after you “opt out” you will not be able to access Nitto 1320 Legends. If you request, we will also take reasonable efforts to delete your personal information from our database. It may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information (because of back-ups and records of deletions).

We may share personally identifiable information outside of Cie Studios if we believe in good faith that the such of such information is reasonably necessary to comply with the requirements of any law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, to enforce the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, to detect or prevent fraud or other security issues, or to protect the rights of Cie Studios, its users and the general public.

No data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Please note that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on forums, through email, or in chat areas, that information can be collected and used by others. Your account is password-protected so that you and only you have access to this information. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user name, screen name, password and other login information. If you become aware of or reasonably suspect any breach of security, including any loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure of your user name, screen name, password or other login information, you must immediately notify Cie Studios.

Our privacy policy is effective as of March 13, 2007. This is only a description of our internal operating procedures, and does not create any legal rights in favor of you or any other person. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time without prior notice to you.
