> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the olbanking.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170219203339id_/https%3A//www.fiserv.com/about/privacypolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fiserv - Privacy Policy

**Last Update Posted: March 29, 2016**

**1\. Introduction.**   Fiserv, Inc., on behalf of itself and its affiliates, (together, "Fiserv" or "we" or "us") is the operator of this Site (as defined in Fiserv's Terms of Use (the "Terms"). We know privacy is important to you; it is also vital to our business. This Privacy Policy describes the types of "Personal Information" (information that is identifiable to a particular person) that Fiserv collects (directly or through service providers) in connection with this Site, and how that Personal Information is used, shared and protected. This Privacy Policy is considered part of the [Terms](https://web.archive.org/about/terms.aspx).

**2\. Minors.**   We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from or about individuals under 13 years of age.   Please do not submit such information to us, and as a parent or legal guardian, please do not allow your children to submit personal information without your permission.

**3\. Cookies, Browser Information and Related Issues.**

a. When you visit the Site, we may receive certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as the originating IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring website addresses, and other such information. This data may be used, among other reasons, to improve the operation and security of the Site by assisting in "authenticating" who you are when you access this Site, particularly if you register for access to part of the Site and are issued or create a username and password. We may receive additional technical data about the device used to access the Site ("Device Data") (such as device ID, device model, operating system version, application types and versions, browser type, language, and plug-ins, originating IP address, and time zone and geolocation information).  Device Data may be used as part of our security controls to uniquely identify the device and authenticate the user when accessing the Site. Device Data may be shared (along with information about any fraudulent transactions using the device) with one or more third-party service providers. These providers will compare and add the Device Data and fraud data to a database of similar device and fraud information in order to identify and block access to the Site by devices associated with fraudulent or abusive activity.  We will not share with service providers any information that personally identifies the user of the device.

b. We may receive additional information about your visit to the Site, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take in connection with the Site and any products and services offered through it. This data may be used, among other reasons, to improve the operation of the Site.

c. Like most websites, the Site also uses "cookies," which are small data files placed on your computer or other device by the Web server when you visit the Site. Most such cookies are "session" cookies that are only used while you are on the Site, but a few are "persistent" cookies that stay on your hard drive and are read by the Web server when you return to the Site. The Site uses cookies to recognize your device and to store your preferences and other information on your device. This saves you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information and will display your personalized content on your later visits to the Site. Cookies cannot and will not be used to deliver or run programs on your device. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of the Site that depend on cookies.

d. You may encounter our cookies or pixel tags on websites that we do not control.  For example, if you view a Web page created by a third party or use an application developed by a third party, they may place a cookie or pixel tag on your computer or device.

e. Widgets: Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button, and Widgets, such as the Share this button, or interactive mini-programs.  These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly.  Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site.  Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

f. Tracking: With respect to personally identifiable information about an individual's online activities over time and across different Web sites or online services, when a consumer uses this Site, except as required by law: (1) parties other than the operator of this Site are not permitted to collect such information, and (2) the operator of this Site does not collect such information (except information reasonably necessary to process and document user transactions).  Therefore, this Site has no need to respond to and does not respond to Web browser "do not track" signals or other mechanisms that enable consumers to exercise choice regarding the collection of such information.

**4\. What Types of "Personal Information" We Collect, and How We Collect, Use and Disclose It.**   In addition to the types of information described in section 3 above, we may also collect Personal Information about you when you directly submit it to us. Fiserv may provide you the opportunity to do such things as subscribe to email alerts regarding Fiserv events or company news, to request company information, or to request product or service information through an email contact form. Such information may include your name, your company's name, your personal or company email address or other contact information.  It is up to you whether to provide this information.  Such information will be used and disclosed as reasonably necessary to meet your needs and respond to your requests, such as disclosing it to our email service provider to send you emails or to one of our affiliated entities to provide you with product information. Parties with whom we share Personal Information are bound to contracts requiring them to use and disclose the information only for the permitted purposes and to use reasonable security measures to protect Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Fiserv may also use and disclose Personal Information to comply with laws, regulations, court orders and lawful instructions from government agencies, to protect the personal safety of Site users or the public, to prevent and defend claims, to resolve disputes, to troubleshoot problems, to enforce the Terms, and to protect our rights and property.  If you register for a service offered through the Site, Fiserv may collect additional Personal Information and use it for additional purposes reasonably related to that service; you will be given a supplemental privacy disclosure as part of the registration process. 

**5\. How We Protect Personal Information About You.** To protect Personal Information about you from unauthorized access and use, Fiserv maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards, and requires those to whom we disclose Personal Information (including our employees and service providers that assist us in operating this Site) to do the same. You can update your Personal Information by signing in, clicking "Welcome <name>" and clicking "My Profile" from the menu that appears.

**6\. Keeping Up to Date with Our Privacy Policy.** Fiserv may amend this Policy at any time by posting a revised version on this Site, which will be effective at the time it is posted for all Personal Information collected thereafter unless a delayed effective date is expressly stated in the revision. By using this Site after such additions or modifications are posted, you are agreeing to accept and comply with the Policy as modified.

**7\. Scope.**

**a. Supplemental Privacy Policies.**   Some areas, features and services on the Site may be offered on the condition that you view and agree to privacy terms and disclosures specific to those areas, features and services.  Those specific privacy terms and disclosures will be deemed to supplement the terms and disclosures in this Privacy Policy and, if inconsistent, to supercede them.

**b. Other Fiserv Sites.** This Privacy Policy is applicable to this Site, as specified above. However, an Other Fiserv Site (as defined in the [Terms](https://web.archive.org/about/terms.aspx)) may have its own privacy policy or other privacy-related terms posted. As with the [Terms](https://web.archive.org/about/terms.aspx), those other privacy terms and conditions shall apply to privacy-related issues regarding that Other Fiserv Site and the use of any services, functionalities or other offerings made in connection with that Other Fiserv Site, and this Privacy Policy shall not apply in such circumstances. This Privacy Policy also does not apply to any websites Fiserv creates for any individual client; such websites shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable agreement between Fiserv and that client.

**c. Links to Third-Party Sites.**   This Site may provide links to other sites operated by third parties over whom Fiserv has no control and whose privacy policies may differ from ours. These links are provided for your convenience. If you browse on or submit Personal Information to any of those sites, information about you may be collected by them and will be governed by their privacy policies.

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.

[Contact Us](mailto:general_info@fiserv.com)
