> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ahalife.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130522063853id_/http%3A//www.ahalife.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - AHAlife

Thank you for visiting Ahalife.com.  Ahalife Holdings Inc. ("AHAlife," "we" or "us"), is committed to keeping our customers informed about how we use the information we gather from you through the use of our website (the "Site").  Our commitment to you as a valued customer is to provide you with an exciting, safe and personalized experience.  As part of this commitment to you, we have created this privacy policy to inform you about how we collect, use and share your personal information.  In addition, we explain the steps we take to secure your personal information.  By visiting Ahalife.com, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy (the "Policy").  If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Site. 

Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide our visitors with an easy, efficient, and customized online experience.   
In order to better provide you with products and services, our Site collects the following types of information: 

Cookies are pieces of data assigned by a web server that uniquely identify the browser on your PC. Websites typically use temporary cookies called "session" cookies to ensure that you are recognized when you move from page to page within one site and that any information you have entered is remembered. For example, if an e-commerce site did not use session cookies then items placed in a shopping basket would disappear by the time you reach the checkout. Websites also use "persistent" cookies to enable a website to remember you on subsequent visits, speeding up or enhancing your experience of services offered, and allowing us to better customize our services for you.  AHAlife attempts to install both persistent and session cookies when a user arrives at our Site. Users have the option to accept or disable cookies at any time through their browsers. Visit the "help" portion of your toolbar for more information. If you block or refuse to accept cookies, or delete cookies between visits to the site, you may not be able to access or use certain features or functions of our Site. 

At times we employ clear GIFs (also known as pixel tags, single pixel GIFs, web beacons or action tags) for our benefit or the benefit of a third-party to help us or such third-party measure advertising effectiveness. Clear GIFs help us better manage content on our Site by informing us of what content is effective.  These clear GIFs allow us to measure the usage of our Site by our visitors and the effectiveness of certain communications and marketing campaigns. 

"Non Personally Identifiable Information" (don’t worry, it’s not as complicated as it sounds) refers to information that does not identify a specific individual by itself or in combination with other information. We may gather certain demographic information about you such as age, date of birth, gender, as well as consumer purchasing and preference information based upon how you shop on and navigate our Site. This information may be compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the website’s Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. We may use Non Personally Identifiable Information to analyze request usage patterns, and other customer behavior so that we may enhance our Site, products and services, and for our marketing purposes. We reserve the right to use and disclose Non Personally Identifiable Information to any third-party in our discretion. 

"Personally Identifiable Information" refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are and can be used to identify, contact or locate you. Personally Identifiable Information is requested when you register with us, order a product or service, fill out surveys, correspond with us, or otherwise volunteer information, for instance, through the use of one of our achievement badges or other interactive services (such as blogs, commenting, message boards, product submissions, Q&As). Personally Identifiable Information might include your name, mailing address, telephone number, mobile phone number, email address, and other contact information, including information associated with recipients of purchases you may make. We may also collect certain financial information, like your credit card number.  With this information, we can fill your service and product orders and better provide you with personalized services.  If you contact us by telephone, email or letter, we may keep a record of your contact information, correspondence or comments. If you report a problem with our Site, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. If you provide us feedback through our Site or by email, we may ask for your name and email address in order to send you a reply. If other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or purchases on our Site, or if you are the recipient of products sent by another customer, we may keep the information in a file specific to you. We may also use information to notify consumers about updates to our Site, to complete user initiated transactions, to trace false orders and to contact consumers directly, or through our third-party service partners, for marketing purposes. If you are already receiving ahalife.com emails and no longer wish to receive such communications, please follow the "unsubscribe" instructions that appear in every e-mail, or modify your settings when you’re logged in under the ‘me’ tab on the website. Once we have processed your request, we will not send you promotional emails with respect to products and/or services offered by us through the Site of which you had opted out unless you opt back in to receiving such communications. Please note that even if we stop sending promotional e-mails to you following a request to unsubscribe, we may continue to send you operational emails, which contain information about your order. So keep in mind, if you purchase products on your site, you’ll be receiving operational e-mails when we have important communication to share. 

Except as otherwise stated in this Policy, we do not sell, trade or rent your Personally Identifiable Information collected on our Site to others. You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information with third-parties as described herein.   
AHAlife may share information with its subsidiaries and other affiliated companies, and well as other carefully selected vendors and business partners with whom we work.  This includes sharing your Personally Identifiable Information with our third-party service providers for tracking purposes, to charge your credit card, fill your order, improve the functionality of our Site, customize our marketing efforts, perform statistical and data analyses, deliver your order and deliver promotional emails to you from us, or to provide us with other services we request. These third parties may not use your Personally Identifiable Information other than to provide the services requested by us.  We may also provide Non Personally Identifiable Information, including aggregated or segmented statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related Site information, to third parties. We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us or to protect or defend the rights, property, or safety of our users, other and ourselves. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. 

We employ electronic, physical and administrative measures to protect the security of the information you submit to us. Credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third-party banking institutions, process agents, distribution institutions and our vendors. They receive the information they need to verify and authorize your credit card transactions and to ship your order. When collecting credit card information for online purchases, we offer secured server transactions that encrypt your information in transit to thwart someone from intercepting it and misusing it. When you access your account information, the information is kept on a secure server. 

Other sites accessible through our Site have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that our Site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those websites linked to our Sites are not covered by this Policy. 

In certain circumstances under California law, consumer customers of AHAlife are entitled to certain information regarding any personally identifiable information (as defined by certain California laws) we may share with direct marketing companies. Personally identifiable information generally is defined under California law as information that identifies specifics about an individual and can be used to identify, contact, or locate an individual including that individual’s name, mailing address, telephone number, mobile phone number, email address and other identification and contact information. If you are an eligible customer of AHAlife and would like to receive a list detailing the types of personally identifiable information we share with direct marketing companies and the names and addresses of all direct marketing companies that we provide personally identifiable information to, please email us at [privacy@ahalife.com](mailto:%20privacy@ahalife.com). We will respond to any request for information at such email address within thirty (30) days. 

AHAlife does not direct or market any of our content specifically to children.  Users of our Site are required to be at least 18 years old, and any user under 18 is not an authorized user.  If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered Personally Identifiable Information from children under 13, we shall erase such information from our records and terminate the applicable account(s) promptly. 

If we make changes to any terms or conditions of the Policy, the changes will be posted on this portion of the Site so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, to whom we will disclose it, and what choices you have.  Your continued use of the Site indicates you agree with the Policy as posted. 

If you have any questions regarding our Policy or privacy practices, please contact us at: [privacy@ahalife.com](mailto:%20privacy@ahalife.com)

Ahalife Holdings Inc.   
45 Bond Street, 4th Floor 

New York, NY 10012 
