> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the breastfeeding.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090623003608id_/http%3A//www.breastfeeding.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

  
At Breastfeeding.com, we are committed to maintaining your privacy and your trust. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect and protect information about you when you use the Breastfeeding.com website. We hope this information increases your confidence in Breastfeeding.com. 

  
**I. About Breastfeeding.com**  
Breastfeeding.com is primarly a website that provide information, support and attitude for our visitors. Breastfeeding.com also has a 'Community', an online service for moms that allows our mom members to set up unique personal profiles and, with those profiles, to create an online network of other moms. Breastfeeding.com members can view each others' profiles, communicate with friends and make new friends, share photos and videos, post blogs and comments, and describe their interests. To enrich our members' experience, we request and display some personal information to other members and visitors, which allows our users to identify each other and expand their network of friends. Breastfeeding.com members can change their profile information at any time and can control how other members and Breastfeeding.com communicates with them.

**II. Information we collect**  
User Provided Information. Breastfeeding.com Community collects personal information from you when you register with our Site, update your profile, interact with other members, and use various features of our Site. To register with Breastfeeding.com, you must provide your name, and email address, and select a screen name. Once you are registered, you will be given the option to add additional personal information about you and your family to your profile. By using the privacy settings on your profile, you can control which members have access to certain of your personal profile data. Keep in mind, however, that certain basic profile data cannot be hidden and will always be displayed on the Site once they register.

We may also collect information regarding your interaction with other users and your use of the Site. From time to time we may ask you to respond to surveys or other requests for information and we collect the information you provide. We may collect information from you when you participate in promotions offered on our Site.   
All personally identifiable information that we collect may become part of your Breastfeeding.com member file and may be used by Breastfeeding.com as provided in this Privacy Policy or as disclosed at the time you provide the information or as otherwise agreed by you.

Web Logs. Like most standard Website servers, we collect information from all visitors to the Site. This information may include the browser you are using, the internet address from which you linked to our Site, the operating system of your computer, the unique IP address of the computer you used to access our Site, and usage and browsing habits. We use this information to help diagnose and troubleshoot server malfunctions, to analyze trends, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information. We may also use individual information we collect through web logs to send you targeted offers and other communications.

**III. How we use your information**  
When you Register. When you register with Breastfeeding.com Community, you create your own profile and privacy settings. Your profile information, as well as your screen name and photo are displayed to people in the networks specified in your privacy settings to allow you to connect with other Breastfeeding.com members. Your real name is never displayed on the Site (unless you use it as your screen name or purposely display it). Members may search for you by using most information you have entered in your profile. 

Please be aware that certain personal profile information is displayed for all members and cannot be hidden. Specifically, your screen name, photo, location entered on your profile, age and sex are always displayed on the Site and therefore, are viewable by all users. In addition, because this information is publicly displayed on the Site, it may appear in the results of searches conducted on Internet search engines while you are a member of the Site and potentially for some time period after your membership is terminated, depending upon the search engine's indexing practices. 

By using the search functionality on the website, Breastfeeding.com Community Members can find other moms with similar interests and challenges. When you find other Members, you can view their personal profiles to find out more about them based on the information they have decided to share on the Site. As a Breastfeeding.com Community member, you can share personal content, such as blogs and photos. Please be aware that by using any of these features, your personally identifiable information may be accessible to members and non-members, and Breastfeeding.com has no control over how those users may use your personally identifiable information. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the public and private forums and interactive areas on our Site. 

We'll send you our email and newsletters. Breastfeeding.com may send you service-related announcements and emails from time to time. For instance, if a friend sends you a message or someone comments on your photos or blog, you may receive an email alerting you to that fact. We may also use your information to send you e-newsletters, updates and communications about Breastfeeding.com.   
Sweepstakes and Promotions. On occasion, we offer sweepstakes and other promotions in conjunction with a sponsor. By participating in a promotion, you submit to that promotion's terms and conditions including providing us with permission, if required, to share your personally identifiable information with a particular sponsor.  
Third Party Offers. On occasion, we are able to offer you special products or services through a relationship with a third party. In those cases, the offer will be brought to you by Breastfeeding.com and fulfilled by the third party. If you accept the offer, you will become a customer of the company that is fulfilling the offer and we will not have control over their use of the personally identifiable information that you provide to them when you accept the offer.

Invite a Friend. If you do become a member, not only can you enjoy all of the benefits of membership, but you can also invite other individuals to join by providing us with their email addresses. Using the information you give us on these potential Members, we will send them an email invitation to join Breastfeeding.com. The only way these individuals can become Members, however, is if they come to our site and sign up themselves. We do not use this information for other purposes. 

Legal Matters; Safety. We may, without your consent, access and disclose your information, any communications sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about you or your account as may be permitted or required by law (including, but not limited to, court order or subpoena), or to prevent or investigate suspected fraud, or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose your information in situations that we believe to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat.

Sale of Business or Assets. In the event that Breastfeeding.com, substantially all of its assets, or a line of business are acquired or merged with another company, personally identifiable information of our members may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction. Breastfeeding.com will notify users of the site of such a change in ownership or transfer of assets by posting a notice on the Site.

**IV. Disclosures, practices, and contact information**  
Breastfeeding.com contains links to other sites. It is possible for you to receive information directly from our partners and other companies if you access them through a link on Breastfeeding.com.com or if you go directly to their Websites. Once you are on their sites, any data that you supply to these partners, for example, to obtain information or buy products directly from them is beyond our reach and will be the responsibility of each of the linked-to entities and not Breastfeeding.com. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Websites or any other sites linked to or referenced on our Site.

**Security.** Breastfeeding.com has multiple layers of security on its systems. We have implemented software and hardware security, including firewalls, data encryption, and private networks intended to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access. We use firewalls and intrusion-detection devices that are designed to defend against hackers and notify us if any attempts are made to compromise our network. We regularly review additional software upgrades to enhance our security measures. However, despite our efforts, no system can completely guaranty that there will never be unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information, and your use of the site indicates that you are willing to assume this risk.

**Changes to the Privacy Policy.** We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on the Site, with the "Effective Date" posted at the top of the Policy. We will inform you if we substantially modify the way we handle your personally identifiable information by posting a notice on the Site, and we will give you the opportunity to opt-out of such uses. 

**Contacting Us.** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of this Site, please email us at [feedback@breastfeeding.com](mailto:feedback@breastfeeding.com)
