> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the la-z-boy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-05-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080509093107id_/http%3A//www.la-z-boy.com/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# La-Z-Boy Privacy Policy and Terms of Usage

**November 1, 2004**

By visiting la-z-boy.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. This Policy is subject to change without notice and you should revisit this site frequently for the most current version of our policy. 

**Our Pledge to You, Our Customer**  
La-Z-Boy respects your privacy. We do not sell, rent, loan or transfer any personal information regarding our customers to any unrelated third parties. Any information you give us about yourself is held with the utmost care and security and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented. Information collected on our Web site is used by La-Z-Boy Incorporated, its subsidiaries, affiliates and authorized agents (referred to collectively as “La-Z-Boy”) for La-Z-Boy purposes. La-Z-Boy will not collect any personal information about you except when specifically and knowingly provided by you. Examples of personally identifiable information include full name, home address, e-mail address and phone number. La-Z-Boy will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this site. All users agree that all access to and use of this site and its content is at your own risk. La-Z-Boy will not be liable for any damage arising out of your access to, use of, or inability to use this site, or any errors or omissions in the content thereof. The materials in this site are provided without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. 

**Use of Your Information**  
Authorized La-Z-Boy employees internally use information collected on our Web site for three main purposes. First, we collect information to figure out how to improve our site by seeing which areas' features and products are most popular. Second, we collect information in order to personalize the site for our customers. For example, in the future, we may recommend products or features you may like based on what you have liked in the past. Last, we collect information to enable customers to participate in sweepstakes, contests and other activities on our Web site. If we collect any such information, we will only collect enough information to enable you to participate in the activity and no more. If we want to collect information for other purposes, we will inform you when we collect the information. Occasionally, La-Z-Boy may also share non-personal, summary information regarding our customers with unrelated third parties (for example, we publicly disclose the aggregate number of registered users of our Web site). However, La-Z-Boy does not share any personal information about any particular customer with unrelated third parties. (We may do so in the unlikely event that we believe we are required to by law or to protect La-Z-Boy, its dealers, or the public.) If you do not want to receive e-mail from us and currently do, please reply to an e-mail that we have sent to you and insert "unsubscribe" in the subject line.

**Use of Our Information**  
All of the writing on our site is the property of La-Z-Boy and is protected by copyright. None of the material may be reproduced without our written permission, with the exception of downloading or printing a single copy for your offline viewing. Many of the furniture products displayed throughout the pages of this Web site are protected by design patents issued by the United States. These design patents, which are owned by La-Z-Boy, cover one or more of the ornamental or aesthetic features forming the overall furniture product. Design patents may also be pending in the United States and other countries worldwide, which will serve to protect the designs of these furniture products when they are issued by the respective country. These furniture designs are exclusive property of La-Z-Boy and may not be copied, modified, or imitated without the prior written permission of La-Z-Boy. Additionally, many of the furniture products displayed throughout the pages of this Web site are protected by utility patents issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and patent offices in other countries. These utility patents, which are also owned by La-Z-Boy, cover one or more of the functional features or components of the furniture product, and/or its method of manufacture. Utility patents may also be pending in the United States and other countries which when issued by the respective country will serve to protect a functional feature or manufacturing method. Further information relating to utility patents of La-Z-Boy may be obtained from tags or labels that are attached directly to the bottom of the furniture products themselves. We are certain you understand that La-Z-Boy must protect its intellectual property, including its patents, trademarks, and copyrights. Therefore, no license to La-Z-Boy's intellectual property has been granted by this Internet site. 

**Cookies**  
La-Z-Boy uses a feature of your Internet Web browser called a "cookie" to assign a unique identification to your computer. Cookies are files that your Web browser places on your computer's hard drive. We use these cookie files to track your clicks as you go through the La-Z-Boy Web site, to tell us whether you have visited La-Z-Boy previously, and to help us determine whether you came to La-Z-Boy from a particular Internet link or banner advertisement. La-Z-Boy does not and cannot use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer. The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, you will not be able to use some la-z-boy.com features if you do not use cookies. 

**Maintenance Of Accurate Information**  
Procedures have been established to ensure that our product and promotional information is current and accurate in keeping with reasonable standards. We are committed to respond to requests to correct inaccurate information in a timely manner. 

**Third-Party Sites**  
Our site contains links to other sites whose information practices and privacy policy may be different from our own. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. 

**Questions and Comments**  
If you have additional questions or comments of any kind, or if you see anything on our Web site that you feel is inappropriate, please contact us by clicking here or at: 
